# Articles TLDR Founders 14-04-2023

## Article 1
### [TLDR is hiring a curator for TLDR Founders](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TLDR is hiring a curator for TLDR Founders

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator for our founder newsletter which already has 150,000 pre-launch signups.The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup founder, preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends a lot of time hanging out with other founders. Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday), click here to apply.

## Article 2
### [Generative AI comes to Amazon Web Services (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative AI comes to Amazon Web Services (2 minute read)

Amazon has released a new suite of AI technologies. They include a large language model called Titan and a cloud computing service called Bedrock. Bedrock allows businesses to customize foundational models, including models from third-party companies like Anthropic, using their own data. It will allow customers to test AI technologies without having to manage the infrastructure that powers them. Amazon also released CodeWhisperer, an AI powered coding assistant that is free for individual use.

## Article 3
### [Internet abuzz over suspected redesigned Tesla Model 3 (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Internet abuzz over suspected redesigned Tesla Model 3 (1 minute read)

A photo showing what could be an updated version of Tesla's Model 3 sedan was recently posted on Reddit. The Model 3 has not changed a lot since its release in 2017. The update is rumored to include cost-cutting features such as fewer interior components and a slightly redesigned exterior. The image shows a vehicle with a different bumper, a redesigned headlight assembly, two-tone wheels, and what could be an updated dashboard. The photo is available in the article.

## Article 4
### [Inside the 3D-printed box in Texas where humans will prepare for Mars (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inside the 3D-printed box in Texas where humans will prepare for Mars (6 minute read)

The Crew Health Performance Exploration Analog (CHAPEA) is an experiment to see what it will be like for four crew members to live on Mars for a year. The crew will live in a housing unit constructed using a massive 3D printer and conduct experiments, grow food, exercise, and be tested regularly. The first mission to Mars, which NASA is hoping will happen as early as the 2030s, could be a nine-month trip one way and it would take astronauts two and a half years before they start their trip home. The four crew members will start the CHAPEA experiment in June. Pictures of the habitat are available in the article.

## Article 5
### [Meta has open-sourced an AI project that turns your doodles into animations (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta has open-sourced an AI project that turns your doodles into animations (2 minute read)

Meta has open-sourced Animated Drawings, an AI project that brings people's drawings to life. It uses object detection, pose estimation, and image processing models to capture a digital version of a drawing and then traditional computer graphics techniques to animate the image. The open-sourced project includes a dataset of around 180,000 drawings. A web-based version of the tool is available.

## Article 6
### [Phind (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Phind (Website)

Phind is an AI search engine designed for developers. It answers questions with detailed explanations and relevant code snippets from the web. Phind generates answers based on information from multiple sources. Users can adjust the expertness level or how concise answers are.

## Article 7
### [Amazon CodeWhisperer, Free for Individual Use, is Now Generally Available (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Amazon CodeWhisperer, Free for Individual Use, is Now Generally Available (4 minute read)

Amazon CodeWhisperer is now available for general use. It includes a tier that's free to use for all developers. CodeWhisperer allows developers to write code quickly without needing to break their flow by leaving the IDE to research something. It can help with creating routine code, working with unfamiliar APIs, and other common coding scenarios. CodeWhisperer works with many languages and many IDEs. GIF demos are available in the article.

## Article 8
### [Perplexity's A.I.-powered search chatbot adds features (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Perplexity's A.I.-powered search chatbot adds features (4 minute read)

Perplexity, a startup with an AI-powered search chatbot, has announced a host of new features. Users can now specify which sources they want the chatbot to search. Threads can now be saved and edited. The search chatbot now supports longer multiline queries and requests for coding and code debugging. It can also provide responses in different formats. Perplexity has started to ask users to register accounts to use its personalized features.

## Article 9
### [These robots could be heading to the operating room soon (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 These robots could be heading to the operating room soon (Sponsor)</a>
100,000+ joint replacements fail every year. Monogram is attempting to fix this by sparking a transition to robotics, AI, and 3D-printing - Learn more about investing before their planned Nasdaq listing. Disclosure.

## Article 10
### [Google Closes Some CafC3A9s 'Until Further Notice' As It Cuts Costs (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Closes Some CafC3A9s 'Until Further Notice' As It Cuts Costs (6 minute read)

Google has been laying off workers and trimming employee perks this year to cut costs.

## Article 11
### [Google says it just made Chrome a lot faster on both Mac and Android (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google says it just made Chrome a lot faster on both Mac and Android (2 minute read)

Several under-the-hood performance improvements have been made to Google Chrome for Mac and Android that collectively give the browser a 10% speed increase.

## Article 12
### [Midjourney AI Guide (Notion)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Midjourney AI Guide (Notion)

This beginner's guide to Midjourney discusses the best Midjourney practices so that readers can create logos, social media posts, business ads, marketing, YouTube thumbnails, and more.

## Article 13
### ["Scaling Laws" for AI And Some Implications (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 "Scaling Laws" for AI And Some Implications (8 minute read)

There are 'scaling laws' that show consistent relationships between hardware inputs and performance outputs, and while AI technology is mostly consistent with scaling relationships, it is not always the case.

