# Articles TLDR Founders 26-05-2023

## Article 1
### [AI Canon (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Canon (3 minute read)

AI is moving fast and in true a16z form, they break down the basics and give you a compendium of reading resources and research on the topic. Did we mention this is moving quickly?

## Article 2
### [Nvidia Worth 250X More in 10 years (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nvidia Worth 250X More in 10 years (2 minute read)

With enthusiasm for machine learning, investor appetite for AI exposure, Nvidia stock surged nearly 30% after posting earnings - the single largest value change in a stock ever in dollar terms.

## Article 3
### [Bootstrap vs Fundraise: Success and Optionality for Viral AI Companies (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bootstrap vs Fundraise: Success and Optionality for Viral AI Companies (1 minute read)

Elad Gil breaks down his thoughts on bootstrapping AI companies.

## Article 4
### [What IE28099ve Learned About the Pitfalls of Hiring After Holding 1000 Interviews (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What IE28099ve Learned About the Pitfalls of Hiring After Holding 1000 Interviews (10 minute read)

Good read for the post-COVID hiring landscape and never hurts as a refresher on things to think about when hiring like E2809CdonE28099t cut the interview short, ever.E2809D

## Article 5
### [Acquisitions - If You Do Sell, Try to Make Sure ItE28099s At a Local Maximum (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Acquisitions - If You Do Sell, Try to Make Sure ItE28099s At a Local Maximum (5 minute read)

ItE28099s so easy to get wrapped up in the here-and-now when an offer comes in. Taking into account your current personal circumstances as well as what the E2809Clocal maximumE2809D may be is just smart when it comes to surveying your options. Having been in this boat, I wish I had heard this advice.

## Article 6
### [Building a Startup from Scratch: My Mistakes as CTO (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building a Startup from Scratch: My Mistakes as CTO (13 minute read)

The author shares their experience of building a startup from scratch, starting with assembling a team and developing a microservices architecture for the backend. Along the way they had some challenges. They then introduce Supabase, an open-source platform that simplifies backend development, and discuss how it could have benefited their startup by replacing various microservices and reducing infrastructure costs.

## Article 7
### [Macro PDF Editor (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Macro PDF Editor (Product)

Navigate PDFs like web pages and edit them.

## Article 8
### [Book Short: Boards That Lead (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Book Short: Boards That Lead (1 minute read)

Matt Blumberg is the author of several books around CEOs and leadership and heE28099s talking up a new book about E2809CBoards That LeadE2809D by Ram Charan. Definitely more than a read for startup boards it does have some good insights founding CEOs can leverage.

## Article 9
### [How Duolingo Grew Its TikTok to 6.6M Followers (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Duolingo Grew Its TikTok to 6.6M Followers (8 minute read)

Say what you will about TikTok, all the kids are on it. The influencer market continues to grow and seeing how Duolingo has been able to leverage TikTok is really fascinating, especially as they fight off AI in their core business. TikTok is potentially a game changer if you can find the right influencers to leverage.

## Article 10
### [Most People DonE28099t Quit Jobs. They Quit Companies with Invisible Career Paths (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Most People DonE28099t Quit Jobs. They Quit Companies with Invisible Career Paths (4 minute read)

This article discusses the reality of career paths in the corporate world and how they often lack structure and guarantees, leading to people becoming disengaged and creating their own paths for success.

## Article 11
### [Bootstrapping a [Profitable] $15K/Month Simple Newsletter SaaS With No Experience (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bootstrapping a [Profitable] $15K/Month Simple Newsletter SaaS With No Experience (4 minute read)

An entrepreneur details his journey in starting a newsletter-based SaaS business, investing only $2,000 despite budgeting for $5,000. This effort led to a monthly income of $15,000, all with no previous industry experience.

## Article 12
### [Three Simple Steps to Survive as a Burned-Out Entrepreneur (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Three Simple Steps to Survive as a Burned-Out Entrepreneur (5 minute read)

When faced with the challenges of a lengthy sales cycle and the lack of a viable solution in sight, entrepreneur Aurora took three commitments to heart that allowed them to come out the other side in a better place for the company: sleep more, reflect daily, and be active.

## Article 13
### [Expectations Debt (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Expectations Debt (3 minute read)

When Amazon's stock suddenly plummeted, Amazon employees in Seattle found out the hard way how a surging stockroom can quickly become a liability when reality catches up. High expectations often lead to misfortunes, like a psychological debt that requires repaying.

## Article 14
### [Unveiling the SEO Strategy Behind the Rapid Success with HeadshotPro (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unveiling the SEO Strategy Behind the Rapid Success with HeadshotPro (4 minute read)

Kyleigh breaks down how SEO helped Danny Postma achieve success with his business Headshot Pro, making over $300,000 since its launch in March. His marketing strategy relies heavily on SEO, driving 3000 organic visitors to his website every month.

