# Articles TLDR Founders 24-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Build compliant software - on autopilot (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Build compliant software - on autopilot (Sponsor)

DonE28099t wait for a potential prospect to request your SOC 2 report. Get audit-ready with Drata:Ditch the manual screenshots and spreadsheets for a smoother, automated workflow.Simplify complex frameworks like GDPR, SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA, with pre-mapped controls and requirements.Communicate directly with your auditor and simplify your audit experience through the Audit Hub.Access 75+ integrations: cloud service providers, security awareness solutions, developer tools.Save up to 200+ hours of repetitive work.Try Drata today with a special offer for TLDR readers

## Article 2
### [High-Flying SaaS Startups' Surge Won't Change the Valuations in Ventureland (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 High-Flying SaaS Startups' Surge Won't Change the Valuations in Ventureland (2 minute read)

Top publicly traded software companies have seen a surge in stock prices due to falling interest rates and expanded multiples, even though most of these companies reported weak earnings and projected weak outlooks.

## Article 3
### [WhatE28099s Really Different in SaaS in 2023 (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WhatE28099s Really Different in SaaS in 2023 (3 minute read)

Jason Lemkin explains that in 2023, SaaS has become more challenging compared to previous years, with tighter budgets, increased competition, and a shift away from the ease of growth seen in recent times, requiring industry professionals to adjust to the new normal and understand that the sales process is supposed to be harder in SaaS.

## Article 4
### [Microsoft Co-Pilot (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Co-Pilot (11 minute read)

Windows 11 will soon launch features like Windows Copilot, Bing Chat plugins, the Hybrid AI loop, Dev Home, and AI experiences in the Microsoft Store to help users get more out of their experience.

## Article 5
### [Kill Overkill (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Kill Overkill (3 minute read)

Jason Fried talks about how avoiding overkill is essential in business, as it involves eliminating unnecessary complexity, over-engineering, overspending, over-promising, and overthinking, allowing for greater progress with less effort and more focus on what truly matters.

## Article 6
### [Coping with Down Rounds (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coping with Down Rounds (10 minute read)

VC fundraising in the current market is difficult. Investors have become more selective and valuations have dropped. This article looks at what makes a distressed funding round and how converges and scaled downs can help founders avoid them. It also explains liquidation preferences, investor protection, and pricing adjustments.

## Article 7
### [Aligning Founder Superpowers with Product Cycles (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aligning Founder Superpowers with Product Cycles (7 minute read)

a16z Partner, Anish Acharya, examines how generative AI will involve the leverage of technologists and product pickers in the early stages of the cycle. It discusses the contrast between the E28098installation phaseE28099 and the 'deployment phase', using SaaS and the Facebook Dev Platform/iPhone App Store as examples. They encourage product designers to take advantage of the current unstable platform surface of generative AI.

## Article 8
### [Common Paper (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Common Paper (Product)

Free standardized documents for NDAs, Terms of Services, Design, Partnerships, Professional Services and more. Similar to a SAFE but for commercial contracts.

## Article 9
### [How I Use AI + No Code to Validate any SaaS Idea (10 minute video)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How I Use AI + No Code to Validate any SaaS Idea (10 minute video)

Simon HC3B8iberg does an amazing job with this step-by-step breakdown on how to validate any SaaS product for less than $100.

## Article 10
### [BetterLegal (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BetterLegal (Product)

Simplify legal language for everyone. Transform complicated legalese into straightforward language in seconds.

## Article 11
### [Hiten Shah on Startup Success Metrics (Tweet)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hiten Shah on Startup Success Metrics (Tweet)

ItE28099s not about the size of the company anymore. Profit per employee or something similar will likely be the metric of choice until capital is free flowing again.

## Article 12
### [Google's Generative AI Updates Will Shatter Organic SEO and Marketing Pipeline (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google's Generative AI Updates Will Shatter Organic SEO and Marketing Pipeline (6 minute read)

The author discusses how community-led growth is the new strategy entrepreneurs should adopt to navigate Google's upcoming Generative AI updates and the decline of organic search traffic, utilizing the community flywheel, events, and content to control the top-of-funnel pipeline.

## Article 13
### [HereE28099s How to Get Good Clients Who Pay $10,000 Without Questioning You (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 HereE28099s How to Get Good Clients Who Pay $10,000 Without Questioning You (6 minute read)

Launching a high-ticket product online changes your mindset and requires different approaches than selling lower-priced products. Success comes from building a community and understanding what problems people want solved.

## Article 14
### [Rethinking The Failure Narrative (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rethinking The Failure Narrative (4 minute read)

Failure, though seen as necessary for entrepreneurship, drains resources, has a psychological toll, and can lead to complacency, so instead of romanticizing failure, we should strike a balance by learning from setbacks while striving for success through careful planning and unwavering commitment.

## Article 15
### [Be a person who does fun things (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Be a person who does fun things (1 minute read)</span>

Founding a company demands relentless dedication, which can be overwhelming. However, planning for and enjoying small adventures beyond work can boost both your mental well-being and your company's success. Embrace fun activities and become a well-rounded individual to thrive in both personal and professional realms.

## Article 16
### [Why You CanE28099t Get Anything Done (And What to Do about It) (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why You CanE28099t Get Anything Done (And What to Do about It) (5 minute read)

The planning fallacy explains why even the simplest tasks take longer than you expect E28094 and it happens to the best and brightest.

