# Articles TLDR Founders 17-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Trust, Automated. (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Trust, Automated. (Sponsor)

Imagine being able to achieve compliance with any framework you want without lifting a finger. Meet Drata: the compliance automation platform that does all the work for you.Drata connects to 75+ apps ad cloud services, and automatically collects the evidence you need to submit. It maps the evidence to the relevant controls for each framework - such as SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more.You can also monitor your risk management, vendor assessments, and policy reviews with Drata's easy-to-use dashboard. No more manual tasks, screenshots, or overlapping projects. Just peace of mind and audit-readiness at all times.See for yourself how Drata can transform your compliance journey. Start with a special offer for TLDR readers

## Article 2
### [Tiger Global Looking To Sell Off Startup Stakes E28094 Report (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tiger Global Looking To Sell Off Startup Stakes E28094 Report (3 minute read)

The New York-based investment firm is reportedly planning to sell off some stakes in startups through a secondary sale in order to return capital to its investors, following recent markdowns and a reduction in the target size of its latest venture fund.

## Article 3
### [5 Founders on the Future of Data (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 5 Founders on the Future of Data (7 minute read)

A16Z interviews 5 founders on the future of data and infrastructure which are essential for advancing AI, and traditional data analysis is still relevant for entrepreneurs. Overcoming data challenges, developing efficient tools, scaling up effectively, avoiding vendor lock-in, and leveraging AI for new data sets can provide a competitive edge and unlock growth opportunities.

## Article 4
### [Google I/O and the Coming AI Battles (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google I/O and the Coming AI Battles (16 minute read)

Stratechery explores the regulatory landscape surrounding AI, particularly in the European Union, and speculates on the potential conflicts between centralized AI models and open-source alternatives, drawing parallels to historical religious battles and the printing press's impact on society.

## Article 5
### [Which AI Model Should You Pick for Your Startup? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Which AI Model Should You Pick for Your Startup? (2 minute read)

Tomasz Tunguz helps answer a question that many PMs face today: to use a small language model or a large language model? In the realm of AI, the decision between using a certain model is influenced by factors such as time constraints, reliance on external expertise, infrastructure management, ip, data sensitivity, and cost, while the market is still evolving, and managed large-language models currently have an advantage in terms of adoption and revenue.

## Article 6
### [Pagy (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pagy (Product Launch)

Pagy works like a text editor. Just click and write. Then drag and drop to make any layout you want. If youE28099re familiar with Notion youE28099ll feel right at home with Pagy.

## Article 7
### [Databerry.ai (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Databerry.ai (Product Launch)

Databerry.ai enables you to create ChatGPT Plugins that integrate custom data, allowing you to engage users, boost brand visibility, and gain valuable insights on user interactions and statistics.

## Article 8
### [Taskade (Feature Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Taskade (Feature Launch)

AI-Powered Productivity. Taskade's new Workflow Generator allows you to instantly generate thousands of case-specific workflows, from team agendas to design sprints.

## Article 9
### [Will Generative AI Kill SEO? (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Will Generative AI Kill SEO? (5 minute read)

A seasoned SEO specialist and gives a firsthand account of how generative AI is disrupting the digital content landscape. She dives into the challenges and opportunities presented by AI content, its real-world impact on SEO performance, and the seismic shifts expected from Google's recent AI integration into search results.

## Article 10
### [7 ways Ease grew to 8 figures without a lot of ad spend (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 7 ways Ease grew to 8 figures without a lot of ad spend (11 minute read)

Hampton group interviews the Co-Founder of Ease. They discuss the growth of their benefits enrollment platform, starting from the Minnesota market and expanding to become a major player in the industry, while highlighting key challenges, growth channels, and the company's business model.

## Article 11
### [Why Most Startups Are Doing Data-Driven Decision Making Wrong (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why Most Startups Are Doing Data-Driven Decision Making Wrong (6 minute read)

The author highlights the pitfalls of confirmation bias and emphasizes the need for a structured process, including making predictions, identifying ideal data, using effective methods, and employing tools for quantitative analysis.

## Article 12
### [Renowned investor Elad Gil on how the great AI race will likely shake out (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Renowned investor Elad Gil on how the great AI race will likely shake out (3 minute read)

Elad Gil, a notable investor and founder, highlights the increasing significance of both proprietary and open-source models in the AI field, indicating their relevance and importance for future market trends.

## Article 13
### [Achieving Work Peace and Productivity with the Automation Flywheel (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Achieving Work Peace and Productivity with the Automation Flywheel (5 minute read)

The author discusses the realization about the automation flywheel as a systematic approach to automation, with steps involving identifying tasks, designing the automation, and refining it for continuous improvement.

## Article 14
### [The anatomy of the M&A process (24 minute listen)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The anatomy of the M&A process (24 minute listen)

Whether youE28099re struggling to find a path forward and trying to exit or looking to consolidate your sector/niche, this is a great listen to bone-up on the ins-and-outs of the M&A process.

