# Articles TLDR 18-04-2023

Apple Savings is now available to Apple Card users.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a2c5ad9c-ddc1-11ed-9ca5-d5bdd8e29579&pt=campaign&t=1681815629&s=b32461551cecaff3e83570aa736942591420492c11826ca667c0de0fb504d491]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

TLDR 2023-04-18

WHAT IF YOU COULD AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


It‚Äôs 2023. Your engineering and security team needs to do more with
less. But you also need to have a secure and compliant platform to win
customer trust (and enterprise deals). What‚Äôs the solution?
Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
is the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA
compliance ( + many other frameworks). It connects to all your dozens
of SaaS apps, automatically collects evidence 24/7
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
and gives you insights and reports to continuously monitor your
security posture.

Find out why Drata is used by thousands of companies and rated 4.9 by
389 reviewers on G2. TLDR readers get 10% off and waived
implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IOS 17 TO SUPPORT APP SIDELOADING TO COMPLY WITH EUROPEAN REGULATIONS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/17/app-sideloading-support-coming-ios-17/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


iPhone users will be able to download apps outside of the official App
Store in iOS 17. The change will mean that developers will no longer
have to pay Apple's 15-30% fees. The EU's Digital Markets Act requires
gatekeeper companies to open up their services and platforms to other
companies and developers. The law will have a big impact on Apple's
platforms. Apple has previously claimed that sideloading apps will
create privacy and security issues for users. The company must comply
with the new law or risk fines of as much as 20% of its global
revenue. 

APPLE FINALLY LAUNCHES HIGH-YIELD APPLE SAVINGS ACCOUNT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/04/17/apple-finally-launches-high-yield-apple-savings-account?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple Savings is now available to Apple Card users. The service can be
used to route Daily Cash rewards into a new 4.15% high-yield savings
account. It will allow users to spend, send, and save Daily Cash
directly from one place. The 4.15% APY rate is more than 10 times the
national average. There are no fees, minimum deposits, or minimum
balance requirements to use Apple Savings. Apple Savings is serviced
by Goldman Sachs. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

OPENAI‚ÄôS CEO SAYS THE AGE OF GIANT AI MODELS IS ALREADY OVER (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/CJyMw?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OpenAI CEO Sam Altman says that the research strategy that birthed
ChatGPT is played out and that further progress will not come from
making models bigger. There are diminishing returns on scaling up
model size and physical limits on how many data centers the company
can build and maintain. It is unclear what research strategies or
techniques OpenAI will use instead for its next-generation models. New
model designs, architectures, and further tuning based on human
feedback are promising directions that many researchers are already
exploring. 

THE FUTURE OF FERTILITY (35 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/QQ9vr?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Some scientists believe that sex may no longer be the method by which
most people will make babies within the next few decades. While life
expectancy has increased over the century, the age at which women lose
their fertility has stayed the same. As populations are aging and
fewer people are having children at a young age, most countries can no
longer take a passive approach to fertility issues. This article takes
a deep look at a technology called in-vitro gametogenesis which can
create gametes outside of the body using non-reproductive cells. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PRETTY TYPESCRIPT ERRORS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/yoavbls/pretty-ts-errors?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Pretty TypeScript Errors is an extension for VSCode that makes complex
TypeScript errors more human-readable and easier to understand. It
uses visual features, syntax highlighting, and buttons to direct users
to relevant information. Pretty TypeScript Errors supports Node and
Deno TypeScript error reporters, JSDoc type errors, and errors in
various other file types. 

REDPAJAMA-DATA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/togethercomputer/RedPajama-Data?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a reproducible data recipe for RedPajama
data. It can be used to recreate the LLaMA training dataset. The
repository contains seven datasets with over 1.2 trillion tokens
altogether. All pre-processing scripts and guidelines are provided. A
dashboard for exploring subsets of the data is available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI, NIL, AND ZERO TRUST AUTHENTICITY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/ai-nil-and-zero-trust-authenticity/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI technology can now create convincing copies of people's voices and
music. This article explores the value of music when anyone can just
use someone else's voice. Stars in the future may be able to license
their voice and likenesses for people to use in their creations. The
value in many songs is that it comes from the artist - it's not all
about the music. Keeping track of user-generated content will be a
major issue for platforms like YouTube in the coming years. 

FSF: CHROME‚ÄôS JPEG XL KILLING SHOWS HOW THE WEB WORKS UNDER BROWSER
HEGEMONY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/free-software-group-decries-google-dropping-space-saving-jpeg-xl-format/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Free Software Foundation says that Google's decision to remove
support for JPEG XL is a sign of the disturbing amount of control the
company has over browsers and the web. JPEG XL was introduced as an
experimental feature in Chrome version 91 and removed in version 110.
Widespread adoption of the format could have resulted in an estimated
25-30% reduction in global bandwidth, but many companies didn't want
to adopt it as they had their own standards they wanted to use. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT IS A PROTOCOL AND WHY DOES IT MATTER? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://avc.com/2023/04/what-is-a-protocol-and-why-does-it-matter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Protocols are a common language that computers can use to communicate.


ISIM VS ESIM VS SIM: THE CONSTANTLY SHRINKING WAYS CARRIERS ID YOUR
PHONE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/isim-vs-esim-vs-sim-the-constantly-shrinking-ways-carriers-id-your-phone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look at the history of SIM cards, how they evolved into eSIMs, and
upcoming iSIM technologies. 

ADOBE TEASES GENERATIVE AI VIDEO TOOLS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/adobe-teases-generative-ai-video-tools/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Adobe has announced plans to add AI video synthesis tools to Premiere
Pro and After Effects. 

ALIEN ARTEFACTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.brautaset.org/posts/alien-artefacts.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Alien artifacts are parts of the software ecosystem that are well
documented and tested and perform important tasks but are hard to
change due to the complexities of the problems they are designed to
solve. 

GOOGLE CEO SUNDAR PICHAI WARNS SOCIETY TO BRACE FOR IMPACT OF A.I.
ACCELERATION, SAYS ‚ÄòIT‚ÄôS NOT FOR A COMPANY TO DECIDE' (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/17/google-ceo-sundar-pichai-warns-society-to-brace-for-impact-of-ai-acceleration.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sundar Pichai says that every product of every company will be
impacted by AI. 

SPACEX SCRUBS FIRST LAUNCH ATTEMPT OF ITS STARSHIP LAUNCH SYSTEM (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/setting-expectations-on-the-eve-of-starships-historic-launch/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX canceled Monday's Starship launch attempt 10 minutes before
liftoff due to a stuck pressurization valve. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a2c5ad9c-ddc1-11ed-9ca5-d5bdd8e29579&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681812020&t=1681815629&s=13aa9b8ae7253518d23c48ede081b4de5f2db99c673239cdcda4fd4670012cf2].


¬†