# Articles TLDR 19-10-2023

The first deliveries of the Cybertruck will take place during an event
on November 30 at the Gigafactory in Austin, Texas¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=70918a42-6e50-11ee-a1bd-7139c64aa1aa&pt=campaign&t=1697712217&s=bdf8cf26be6f7da94fdc618c7870ede84ac3d9b4cc9053179ef63016e51c55b4]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-10-19

TLDR IS HIRING A PART TIME CURATOR FOR OUR TLDR DEVOPS NEWSLETTER
(FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) 

TLDR¬†is hiring a part time¬†curator¬†to join
our¬†TLDR¬†DevOps¬†newsletter curation team. The newsletter already
has over 200,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a
personal brand within the¬†devops¬†community.
The ideal candidate would work in¬†devops¬†full time and enjoy keeping
up with¬†devops¬†news and trends through channels like Twitter,
Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is¬†~2-4 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. To
apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to¬†jobs@tldr.tech¬†along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 TESLA ANNOUNCES A NEW DATE FOR CYBERTRUCK DELIVERY AFTER MISSING THE
FIRST ONE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/18/23923048/tesla-cybertruck-ev-pickup-delivery-date-november-30?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The first deliveries of the Cybertruck will take place during an
event on November 30 at the Gigafactory in Austin, Texas. Tesla aims
to produce a quarter million Cybertrucks per year after 2024. The
company had originally announced the Cybertruck in 2019 but its
production was delayed multiple times. Other automakers have caught up
and released their own electric pickup trucks since the announcement,
but the Cybertruck still commands widespread interest. 

 AMAZON SAYS ITS ROBOTS WILL SPEED UP DELIVERY AND DEFINITELY NOT
REPLACE HUMANS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/18/23922202/amazon-robots-sorting-machines-sequoia-warehouse?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Amazon is rolling out expanded robot operations at its fulfillment
centers. The new robots are designed to work alongside humans instead
of replacing them. They include a sortation and binning machine that
moves containers from high on shelves down to workers below and
autonomous robots that roll around and lift and move shelves,
distribute containers, and deliver products in the building. A video
of the new system is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 NEW PILL HELPS COVID SMELL AND TASTE LOSS FADE QUICKLY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-03244-7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Ensitrelvir is an antiviral drug that shortens sensory problems. New
clinical trial data suggests that it can be used to shorten loss of
smell and taste from Covid-19. Up to 50% of people with Covid-19
experience impaired smell or taste. The drug has also been shown to
shorten symptoms of Covid-19 by about a day. Ensitrelvir is currently
available to individuals with mild or moderate symptoms in Japan. Its
use has yet to be approved outside of Japan. 

 HOW TO SCALE NUCLEAR POWER (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/how-to-scale-nuclear-power/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Nuclear reactions generate nearly 1.8 million times the energy
compared to burning gasoline. Despite its many benefits, such as being
able to generate very large amounts of energy without producing carbon
dioxide emissions, many people fear the technology, citing fears of
potential accidents and the accumulation of nuclear waste. This post
aims to clarify how the technology works and help people understand
how it developed. Understanding the technology is key to normalizing
nuclear power as a reliable energy source. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 üìö¬†WHERE IS AGILE TODAY? A COMPREHENSIVE REPORT BY APPFIRE
(SPONSOR)
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=appfire.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=agile-report]


 This report looks at Agile practices across 450 medium to large
enterprises
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=appfire.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=agile-report]
‚Äî including the benefits, impacts, downfalls, and future prospects
of Agile transformation. What are the prevailing views on Agile and
its impact on KPIs and priorities? What is the future of Agile
implementation in modern organizations? Download the full report from
Appfire to find out
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=appfire.com&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=agile-report]


 SYSTEM DESIGN 101 (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ByteByteGoHq/system-design-101?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This repository contains a guide that explains complex systems using
visuals and simple terms. It is designed for people preparing for a
System Design interview or those who want to simply understand how
systems work beneath the surface. The guide covers communication
protocols, CI/CD, architecture patterns, microservice architecture,
payment systems, and more. 

 INTRODUCING RUVY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://shopify.engineering/introducing-ruvy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Ruvy is a toolchain that takes Ruby code as input and creates a
WebAssembly module that executes that Ruby code. It was built on top
of ruby.wasm. Ruvy doesn't require WASI arguments to be provided at
runtime to simplify executing the Wasm module. It currently doesn't
ship with precompiled binaries. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CHINA CHIPS AND MOORE‚ÄôS LAW (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/china-chips-and-moores-law/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The US has tightened export controls for advanced AI chips being sold
to China. The chip ban draws an arbitrary line at 10nm, but China
already has the technology to develop 7nm chips. The real export
control that will limit China's long-term development is one from the
Netherlands that prevents EUV technology from going to China. While
Moore's Law has appeared to slow down, chip transistor density
continues to increase. The chip ban will not be effective in the short
term, but it will widen the gap in technological ability over the long
run. 

 OPENAI KILLS ARRAKIS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://analyticsindiamag.com/openai-kills-arrakis/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAI is reportedly killing Arrakis as it didn't live up to the
company's expectations during training. Arrakis was a smaller model
that was supposed to allow chatbots to run more efficiently and less
expensively. OpenAI had started building the model long before Llama's
announcement. There is a lot of demand for smaller models, especially
from Microsoft, so it is likely that OpenAI will have to release a
smaller model soon. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 FOXCONN AND NVIDIA ARE BUILDING ‚ÄòAI FACTORIES‚Äô TO ACCELERATE
SELF-DRIVING CARS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/foxconn-and-nvidia-are-building-ai-factories-to-accelerate-self-driving-cars/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 AI factories will be a new class of data center that provides
supercomputing powers to accelerate the development of self-driving
cars, autonomous machines, and industrial robots. 

 HOW WE BUILT A STREAMING SQL ENGINE (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.epsio.io/blog/how-to-create-a-streaming-sql-engine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The secrets of how to create a streaming SQL engine that keeps query
results up to date without ever having to recalculate them even as the
underlying data changes. 

 CEOS PREDICT END OF REMOTE WORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/hr-topics/employee-relations/pages/ceos-predict-end-of-remote-work.aspx?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This article looks at several tactics companies are using to make the
transition back to office work more attractive for employees. 

 THE STATE OF WEBASSEMBLY 2023 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.scottlogic.com/2023/10/18/the-state-of-webassembly-2023.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This page provides an in-depth writeup of the results from the State
of WebAssembly 2023 survey. 

 AMAZON IS FINALLY OFFERING FREE DRONE DELIVERY FOR PRESCRIPTIONS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/amazon-is-finally-offering-free-drone-delivery-for-prescriptions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Drone delivery for Amazon Pharmacy is currently only available in
College Station, Texas, but it will eventually roll out nationwide. 

 THE SECRET LIFE OF JIMMY ZHONG, WHO STOLE ‚Äì AND LOST ‚Äì MORE THAN
$3 BILLION (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/17/crypto911.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Jimmy Zhong, an early contributor to the bitcoin project, was
responsible for the 2012 hack of the Silk Road darknet market, which
resulted in the theft of 50,000 bitcoins. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=70918a42-6e50-11ee-a1bd-7139c64aa1aa&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697709620&t=1697712217&s=30285c24df987ef2a411b0658d991c7f3d87cabcef867eca3b7599b5ce6c51a0].