# Articles TLDR 30-03-2023

Apple will unveil a mixed-reality headset during its annual Worldwide
Developers Conference on June 5.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f546d1de-cecd-11ed-aa6c-259ef140dd92&pt=campaign&t=1680173916&s=83e0516ad1c5fcdc7c1816d5094d6f0508d377fe902da62fcf338dde8577bfc5]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/building-resilient-payment-systems?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_resilient_payments]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-30

RESILIENT PAYMENT OPERATIONS FOR DEVELOPERS: BUILDING ROBUST &
SCALABLE SYSTEMS [FREE WEBINAR] (SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/building-resilient-payment-systems?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_resilient_payments]


For developers, building and maintaining reliable payment
infrastructure is crucial to enable smooth transactions and reduce
risks.
Join us for this free, developer-focused webinar
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/building-resilient-payment-systems?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_resilient_payments]
led by Modern Treasury's expert team, where we'll dive into:¬†¬†

	*
Establishing and maintaining robust banking integrations and
partnerships

	*
Designing resilient and adaptable payment operations

	*
Future-proofing your payments infrastructure for long-term stability¬†

Learn how to build resilience into your¬†payments by watching this
free webinar today
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/building-resilient-payment-systems?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_resilient_payments].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE SETS JUNE 5 WWDC DATE TO DEBUT MIXED-REALITY HEADSET (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/Bh3FS?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Apple will unveil a mixed-reality headset during its annual Worldwide
Developers Conference on June 5. The event will feature the Reality
One or Reality Pro mixed-reality headset, the accompanying xrOS
operating system, and tools for developers to create device apps.
Apple plans to introduce operating systems updates for the iPhone,
iPad, Mac, and Apple Watch at the event. New software features for
Apple TVs, AirPods, and HomePods may be released. 

THAT WAS FAST! MICROSOFT SLIPS ADS INTO AI-POWERED BING CHAT (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/29/that-was-fast-microsoft-slips-ads-into-ai-powered-bing-chat/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is placing ads in Bing Chat responses. Sponsored content is
clearly labeled as advertising. It includes expanded hover experiences
displaying more links, richer content captions, and placed ads within
the chat window. The company recently met with partners to explore
ideas and receive feedback on ways to meaningfully distribute content
while generating revenue. Screenshots of the ads are available in the
article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

4G INTERNET IS SET TO ARRIVE ON THE MOON LATER THIS YEAR (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/28/nokia-set-to-launch-4g-internet-on-the-moon-later-this-year.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nokia aims to launch a 4G mobile network on the moon later this year
via a SpaceX rocket. The network includes a base station stored on a
Nova-C lunar lander and a solar-powered rover. An LTE connection will
be established between the lunar lander and the rover, with the
ultimate goal of demonstrating that terrestrial networks can meet the
communication needs of future space missions. If successful, the
network will be used on Nasa's Artemis 1 mission, which aims to send
the first human astronauts to walk on the moon since 1972. 

HARVARD GENETICISTS CREATE AN ORGANISM THAT IS IMMUNE TO ALL VIRUSES
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/science/virus-resistant-ecoli?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from George Chuch's Harvard lab have successfully
engineered E. coli bacteria to become potentially immune to all
viruses. The bacteria is dependent on an amino acid that doesn't exist
in the wild. It is unable to survive outside of the lab. The study may
provide the basis for making any organism immune to viruses while
avoiding gene modification flow in and out of genetically modified
organisms. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INTRODUCING NUXT DEVTOOLS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://nuxt.com/blog/introducing-nuxt-devtools?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nuxt is a web framework that introduces many innovative features and
conventions to make day-to-day development easier and more efficient.
It offers built-in support for many common practices, such as
TypeScript, ESM, single-page applications, server-side rendering,
static site generation, and several composables. This article looks at
the newest version of Nuxt DevTools, a visual tool for understanding
Nuxt apps. Nuxt DevTools was created to help developers find
performance bottlenecks and help manage apps and configurations. 

POSTGRES <> CHATGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cloudquery/pg_gpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository offers an experimental extension that integrates
OpenAI API with PostgreSQL. The extension allows users to run queries
in plain English by sending a subset of the database schema to
ChatGPT, which generates a corresponding query. A 30-second long video
demonstration is available. 

BUILD APIS TWICE AS FAST WITH FERN (GITHUB REPO SPONSOR)
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern] 

Fern helps engineering teams build APIs twice as fast. Define your API
in OpenAPI or in Fern‚Äôs simpler format. Fern generates types,
networking code and SDKs, and handles publishing SDKs to registries
like npm, integrates with Postman, and syncs with documentation
websites like ReadMe and Stoplight.¬†Learn more
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern]. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ELON MUSK AND OTHER TECH LEADERS CALL FOR PAUSE ON 'DANGEROUS RACE' TO
MAKE A.I. AS ADVANCED AS HUMANS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/29/elon-musk-other-tech-leaders-pause-training-ai-beyond-gpt-4.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Technology leaders, including Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak, have
written an open letter calling on AI labs to halt the development of
systems that surpass human-level intelligence. The Future of Life
Institute, which published the letter, urged labs to pause the
progress of AI models more advanced than GPT-4. The letter stresses
the possible impact of AI on civilization and says that its future
should not be decided by unelected tech leaders. The institute called
on AI labs to immediately halt training AI systems for at least six
months. 

$335,000 PAY FOR ‚ÄòAI WHISPERER‚Äô JOBS APPEARS IN RED-HOT MARKET (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/c2f6l?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Prompt engineers are individuals tasked with improving AI results.
Many come from a history, philosophy, or the English language
background. Although it‚Äôs unclear how prevalent this role will
become, companies like Anthropic, a Google-backed startup, are
offering salaries of up to $335,000. Individuals who have experience
with machine learning, ethics, or who have founded AI companies are
being offered the highest salaries for this role. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AUTOMATED CONTAINER HARDENING: A STEP BY STEP GUIDE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.slim.ai/docs/automated-container-hardening/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230330]


Reduce your vulnerability count by 80% with Automated Container
Hardening. Try the Slim.AI Developer Platform to connect to your
registries, optimize container images, and reduce your attack
surface.¬†Read the Slim.AI tutorial
[https://www.slim.ai/docs/automated-container-hardening/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230330]


HOW AND WHEN THE CHIP SHORTAGE WILL END (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/chip-shortage?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Fabs using older process nodes will be key to ending the chip
shortage. 

LLM INTRODUCTION: LEARN LANGUAGE MODELS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://gist.github.com/rain-1/eebd5e5eb2784feecf450324e3341c8d?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A collection of resources on large language models with a focus on
GPT. 

TWITTER OBTAINS SUBPOENA FORCING GITHUB TO UNMASK SOURCE-CODE LEAKER
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/twitter-obtains-subpoena-forcing-github-to-unmask-source-code-leaker/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub has until April 3 to provide all identifying information for
users associated with the account that leaked portions of Twitter's
source code. 

META, GOOGLE, AND AMAZON TOUGHEN EMPLOYEE REVIEWS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/2rKgx?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Large employers are setting higher standards for employee performance
reviews to cut down on rising labor costs. 

THE STREAMING BOOK (WEBSITE)
[https://www.thestreamingbook.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The Streaming Book is a chart-filled mini-book on the Streaming Wars. 

CAN MASTODON SEIZE THE MOMENT FROM TWITTER? (51 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23658648/mastodon-ceo-twitter-interview-elon-musk-twitter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains a transcript of an interview with Eugen Rochko,
the founder and CEO of Mastodon. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TASKRAY - SENIOR SALESFORCE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$160,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-salesforce-engineer/451] 

Taskray is hiring a Senior Salesforce Engineer to be responsible for
guiding and aligning the engineering and product team on high-level
architectural design choices, technical standards, tools, and
platforms for a leader in post-sale work management in the Salesforce
ecosystem. 

TRANSFICC - SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER IN TEST (FULLY REMOTE,
$80,000 - $90,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-development-engineer-in-test/461] 

Transficc is hiring a Software Development Engineer to expand and
improve a suite of automated acceptance/end-to-end tests, partake in
exploratory testing, and contribute to other elements of the testing
pipeline for a company that uses technology to address the issues of
fragmentation, complex workflows, data throughput, and regulation in
Fixed Income. 

IMPROVING - CLOUD ENGINEER (GEORGIA, $70,000 - $80,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/cloud-engineer/459] 

Improving is hiring a Cloud Engineer to work on cloud-based solutions
and cutting-edge technologies with a modern digital services company
that offers IT consulting, software development, and agile training
across the globe. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f546d1de-cecd-11ed-aa6c-259ef140dd92&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680170419&t=1680173916&s=74874ec981a400b43b8c4c7c8e6e61b674bb203600de86839461d329ba51b871].


¬†