# Articles TLDR 10-04-2023

Substack links are being marked as unsafe on Twitter.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=453283e0-d771-11ed-a944-a51fbc9f873b&pt=campaign&t=1681124281&s=b9536870b8bbd2cd47060164923c46998cc4320bfcf6519b4bfb49b91b6d05f9]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-10

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TWITTER IS NOW MARKING SUBSTACK LINKS AS UNSAFE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/7/23674936/twitter-marking-substack-links-unsafe?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Substack links are being marked as unsafe on Twitter. Twitter now
shows a notice warning users that the site is potentially spammy or
unsafe. Users are also unable to embed tweets into their stories or
like or retweet posts containing Substack links. It appears the move
against Substack may be due to the recent launch of its Twitter-like
'Notes' feature. 

STABILITY AI IS ON SHAKY GROUND AS IT BURNS THROUGH CASH AND LOOKS AT
A MANAGEMENT OVERHAUL (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/04/07/2023/stability-ai-is-on-shaky-ground-as-it-burns-through-cash?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stability AI, unlike its competitors, has no deep-pocketed partners.
The company has burned through a significant chunk of the money it has
raised, and investors are now unsure whether to participate in its
next funding round, which would quadruple the firm's valuation to $4
billion. Some employees have lost faith in Stability AI's CEO, but
there are plans to bring in strong executive talent. The company's
future depends on whether it can develop cutting-edge AI models on its
own and whether it can ramp up sales to large companies. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

LAND IT LIKE SPACEX: CHINA CLAIMS BREAKTHROUGH IN ROCKET VERTICAL
LANDING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/china-claims-breakthrough-rocket-vertical-landing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


China's CAS Space has successfully tested a rocket's vertical landing
in the ocean. Its rocket prototype flew more than 1,000 meters and
then dropped smoothly using reverse thrust, landing with a precision
of less than 10 meters. The test could lead to the reuse of rocket
stages similar to SpaceX's technology. Future Chinese rocket models
will make use of the technology, which could result in significant
cost savings for launches. 

THIS STARTUP WANTS TO CREATE A PENICILLIN FOR VIRUSES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/broad-spectrum-antiviral?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


New Zealand-based startup Kimer Med is attempting to develop a
broad-spectrum antiviral that uses a target in human cells to attack a
wide variety of viruses. Its approach involves identifying
double-stranded RNA, a signal that most viral infections create, and
then triggering a process that will kill the infected cell. The
mechanism has already shown some promise in lab studies. There are
still many challenges to overcome, but if the company is successful,
the technology could bring a change as significant as broad-spectrum
antibiotics were for the world. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PERSEUS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/framesurge/perseus?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Perseus is a frontend web development framework. It supports
generating page state at build-time, request-time, incrementally, or
at any other time. Perseus aims to support every major rendering
strategy to provide developers with the ability to efficiently create
super-fast apps. 

CRONER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Hexagon/croner?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Croner is Cron for JavaScript and TypeScript. It lets users trigger
functions, evaluate cron expressions, and obtain a list of upcoming
run times without any dependencies. Croner operates in-memory,
requiring no configuration files or databases. It supports Node.js,
Deno, and Bun. Croner features built-in overrun protection and error
handling. Users can pause, resume, or stop execution after a task is
scheduled. 

IMPORT CSV DATA 10X FASTER (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=41830924]


Stop manually fixing your customer‚Äôs data and delight them with
frictionless onboarding instead. Implement in one day. See a demo of
OneSchema
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=41830924]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SALARY PACKAGES APPROACHED $1 MILLION AS META PAID TO PLAY IN
METAVERSE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/6nhul?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Programmers capable of building out virtual reality games, apps, and
technology earned total compensation packages from $600,000 to up to
$1 million from Meta. The company is paying much more than other
gaming companies. It is also trying to reign in costs while investing
in the metaverse. Meta's high salaries are part of a larger trend
where the company is willing to outspend competitors to lure in the
best talent. It will likely be years before the company's metaverse
ambitions come to fruition. 

INSIDE GOOGLE'S PLAN TO KILL THE COOKIE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/google-chrome-cookie-privacy-sandbox-1850303764?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google plans to get rid of third-party cookies next year. It will
replace them with a 'Privacy Sandbox' that will establish a targeted
advertising system that is better for user privacy. Privacy Sandbox
will turn Chrome and Android into tracking tools and let companies use
that information without learning users' identities. The change could
fundamentally transform how companies make money on the internet. This
article contains an interview with Victor Wong, Google's senior
director of product management for Privacy SandBox, where he discusses
how the new policy will transform the digital economy. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PL/RUST (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tcdi/plrust?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

PL/Rust is a loadable procedural language that enables writing
PostgreSQL functions in the Rust programming language. 

WE‚ÄôRE ONE STEP CLOSER TO READING AN OCTOPUS‚ÄôS MIND (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/in-a-first-researchers-track-brain-activity-in-a-free-moving-octopus/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the past, present, and future of research into
octopus intelligence. 

IS THE EMPLOYER-EMPLOYEE SOCIAL CONTACT IN TECH ... NOW BROKEN? (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/is-the-employer-employee-social-contact-in-tech-now-broken/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Layoffs have now become routine for the first time in tech, suggesting
that there is no longer a social contract between workers and
employers to keep long term relationships. 

THERE‚ÄôS A NEW FORM OF KEYLESS CAR THEFT THAT WORKS IN UNDER 2
MINUTES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/crooks-are-stealing-cars-using-previously-unknown-keyless-can-injection-attacks/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Controller Area Network injection attacks were discovered after a
cybersecurity researcher specializing in automobiles had his vehicle
stolen. 

TABBY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tabby is a self-hosted AI coding assistant that can be used as an
alternative to GitHub Copilot. 

CANCER AND HEART DISEASE VACCINES ‚ÄòREADY BY END OF THE DECADE‚Äô (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/society/2023/apr/07/cancer-and-heart-disease-vaccines-ready-by-end-of-the-decade?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A leading pharmaceutical firm is confident that vaccines for cancer,
cardiovascular, and autoimmune diseases will be ready by 2030. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

METATHEORY - BACKEND ENGINEER (REMOTE) (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/backend-engineer-(remote)/489] 

Metatheory is hiring a Backend Engineer to design and develop
high-quality, scalable, and reliable backend systems for a
technology-driven entertainment company. 

JUSTWORKS - SOFTWARE ENGINEER, REACT-NATIVE (NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK,
$115,000 - $155,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer%2C-react-native/497] 

Justworks is hiring a Software Engineer to build, deploy, and maintain
large-scale, complex applications for a company that provides expert
support for payroll software, company benefits, HR software,
compliance, and more. 

THE SIDNEY GROUP LLC - SR MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEER (DALLAS, TEXAS,
$130,000 - $160,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/sr-machine-learning-engineer/499] 

The Sidney Group LLC is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Sr
Machine Learning Engineer to develop and deploy machine learning
models and algorithms for a variety of applications for a
well-established company in the Dallas, Texas area. 

KARAT FINANCIAL - HEAD OF MARKETING (LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA, $100,000
- $200,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-marketing/486] 

Karat Financial is hiring a Head of Marketing to drive demand, grow
the brand, and build a team for a company that is building products
that help creators spend less time worrying about finances so they can
focus on creating. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=453283e0-d771-11ed-a944-a51fbc9f873b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681120819&t=1681124281&s=d2a890194ae16e5b2c9749ecc0aa646078a936b28803106196e1d6da3464984d].


¬†