# Articles TLDR 23-08-2023

Microsoft is bringing Python to Excel¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=73eee150-4185-11ee-b686-f9b3dbcfa5ee&pt=campaign&t=1692787395&s=aa574d503c4a63347f687843ed27ff27324e15978a04cb6861900069ff2812dd]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/resources/tech-talk-building-a-central-ledger?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tech_talk_ledgers_tldr]

TLDR 2023-08-23

TECH TALK: BUILDING A CENTRAL LEDGER (SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/resources/tech-talk-building-a-central-ledger?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tech_talk_ledgers_tldr]

This technical deep dive
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/resources/tech-talk-building-a-central-ledger?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tech_talk_ledgers_tldr]
is a great resource if you‚Äôre building digital wallets or closed
loop payment products, or looking to increase visibility with a
central source of truth.
Many companies recognize the role of a central ledger to unlock new
products and drive efficiency. In this conversation, we‚Äôll get down
to the nitty-gritty. You‚Äôll hear from product managers and engineers
at Modern Treasury
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/resources/tech-talk-building-a-central-ledger?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tech_talk_ledgers_tldr]
on:

	* Using a ledger to build closed loop payment systems, and its role
in reconciliation

	* Why a central system of record is better than many

	* Spinning out digital wallet products

If you‚Äôre involved in building payment systems as a product,
engineering or finance manager, you don‚Äôt want to miss this. Watch
the recording right here
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/resources/tech-talk-building-a-central-ledger?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tech_talk_ledgers_tldr]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META‚ÄôS THREADS BEGINS ROLLING OUT ON THE WEB, AS ZUCKERBERG TAKES
MORE DIRECT AIM AT ELON MUSK‚ÄôS X (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/22/metas-threads-is-now-available-on-the-web-as-zuckerberg-takes-on-x.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta's Threads has started rolling out on the web. The web version
will be improved to look more like the mobile app over the coming
weeks. Meta is currently working on a search feature to improve
functionality on Threads and make it more of a competitor to X. The
company has no plans to monetize the service until it is more
established.

NETFLIX PLANS TO GIVE AWAY DVDS AS SERVICE SHUTS DOWN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/08/netflix-will-let-you-keep-your-rental-dvds-forever-after-september-29/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Netflix is shutting down its DVD rental service on September 29.
Customers can keep any remaining DVDs they have after the service
shuts down. Subscribers can potentially receive up to 10 discs for
free as Netflix clears out its inventory. Netflix will allow people to
sign up to its DVD plan until midnight on August 28 for a chance to
win the DVDs.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BREAKTHROUGH CREATES STEM CELLS WITHOUT ANY ‚ÄúMEMORIES‚Äù (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/science/ips-cells?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Embryonic stem cells are difficult to obtain and they can be rejected
following transplants if they don't match the recipient's DNA.
Australian researchers have developed a technique to reprogram adult
cells to be more like embryonic stem cells. These cells can then be
reprogrammed to become any kind of cell. The technique potentially
unlocks an endless supply of stem cells for research or treatment.

META‚ÄôS ‚ÄúMASSIVELY MULTILINGUAL‚Äù AI MODEL TRANSLATES UP TO 100
LANGUAGES, SPEECH OR TEXT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/08/metas-massively-multilingual-ai-model-translates-up-to-100-languages-speech-or-text/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SeamlessM4T is a multimodal AI model for speech and text translations.
It can perform text-to-speech, speech-to-text, speech-to-speech, and
text-to-text translations for up to 100 languages. Meta developed the
model to help people who speak different languages communicate with
each other more effectively. SeamlessM4T has been released under a
research license. Its code and weights are available on Hugging Face.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MICROSOFT IS BRINGING PYTHON TO EXCEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/22/23841167/microsoft-excel-python-integration-support?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft is bringing Python to Excel. A public preview of the feature
is now available. Excel users can now manipulate and explore data in
Excel using Python plots and libraries in combination with Excel's
formulas, charts, and PivotTables. No additional software is required
to access the functionality. Microsoft plans to add a feature that
will expose Python data within the grid of an Excel spreadsheet.

FLAKEHUB (WEBSITE) [https://flakehub.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Flakes are libraries for deployment, packaging, secrets management,
system compatibility, and more. FlakeHub is a collection of
ready-to-use flakes designed to help developers get to production
faster. It brings modern development practices to Nix. FlakeHub allows
developers to improve their APIs without disturbing user stability.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW GAMES TYPICALLY GET BUILT (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/how-games-typically-get-built/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article introduces readers to the world of game development and
compares it to the software engineering approaches at tech companies.
The game development world is very different from the software
development world. Video games are very complex pieces of software and
are built in different conditions under different constraints than
business applications. The article covers typical roles within game
development, how games typically get built, and the game development
lifecycle.

THE SECRET WEAPON HACKERS CAN USE TO DOX NEARLY ANYONE IN AMERICA FOR
$15 (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.404media.co/the-secret-weapon-hackers-can-use-to-dox-nearly-anyone-in-america-for-15-tlo-usinfosearch-transunion/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Hackers have obtained personal information from credit bureaus and are
advertising access to the data in group chats used by violent
criminals. The information includes names, dates of birth, phone
numbers, email addresses, data contained within driver's licenses, and
social security numbers. It only costs around $15-$20 in Bitcoin to
access the information. The data includes information on high-profile
targets, such as Elon Musk, Joe Rogan, and President Joe Biden.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

SOME ROUGH IMPRESSIONS OF WORLDCOIN (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cryptographyengineering.com/2023/08/21/some-rough-impressions-of-worldcoin/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This post looks at Worldcoin's system from a privacy-skeptical point
of view to understand how risky the project actually is.

THE FIRST CONFORMANT M1 GPU DRIVER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://rosenzweig.io/blog/first-conformant-m1-gpu-driver.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Conformant OpenGL ES 3.1 drivers are now available for M1- and
M2-family GPUs in Linux.

WHISPER API (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/innovatorved/whisper.api?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This repository contains a self-hostable API for speech-to-text
transcription using a fine-tuned Whisper Automatic Speech Recognition
model.

NETFLIX IS LAUNCHING A NEW SERIES OF STORY GAMES, STARTING WITH LOVE
IS BLIND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/22/23834719/netflix-stories-love-is-blind-game?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Netflix's new series of story games puts players in the center of
their favorite shows and movies, allowing them to interact with
characters and immerse themselves into different worlds.

SLACK‚ÄôS MIGRATION TO A CELLULAR ARCHITECTURE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://slack.engineering/slacks-migration-to-a-cellular-architecture/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Cellular architectures are popular for large online services as they
increase redundancy and limit damage from site failures.

AMAZON IS SEEING SOME EMPLOYEES QUIT INSTEAD OF MOVING TO A NEW STATE
AS PART OF RELOCATION MANDATE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/22/amazon-employees-are-quitting-after-they-were-told-to-relocate-states.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some Amazon employees are being told to relocate to hubs in different
states to keep their jobs.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=73eee150-4185-11ee-b686-f9b3dbcfa5ee&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692784819&t=1692787395&s=acbe126ac4b13634bbd68e049d7dc07c11561df5c8a8862c9b46cfbdbc3a1b61].