# Articles TLDR 27-07-2023

EchoStars 9.2-metric-ton communications satellite launched on top of a
SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket on Wednesday night¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=042f50f0-2c56-11ee-bcdf-27f54fbae7fe&pt=campaign&t=1690454719&s=76241f0ce389c1ebf9a64a0e123c9f69fbcc6cf1b1f8d46d3e78f81db9aa717f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-07-27

YOU‚ÄôRE NOT A COMPLIANCE EXPERT. BUT YOU DON‚ÄôT NEED TO BE (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


Developers want to build products, not tinker with screenshots and
spreadsheets for compliance audits. Luckily, Drata's platform
experience
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
is designed by security and compliance experts so you don't have to be
one.
It‚Äôs 3 simple steps
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
to get compliant, and stay compliant, no matter how complex your
environment gets:

üîå CONNECT: Easily integrate your tech stack with Drata.

‚öôÔ∏è CONFIGURE: Pre-map auditor validated controls.

‚úÖ COMPLY: Automate evidence collection and stay audit-ready.

Time to put compliance on autopilot and get back to building. Start
with 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META, MICROSOFT, AND AMAZON TEAM UP ON MAPS PROJECT TO CRACK
APPLE-GOOGLE DUOPOLY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/26/meta-microsoft-amazon-join-overture-maps-to-vie-with-apple-google.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta, Microsoft, Amazon, and TomTom have formed a group that will
release data that could enable companies to build their own maps. The
Overture Maps Foundation has captured 59 million points of interest,
including restaurants, landmarks, streets, and regional borders. The
data can be used for free as the base layer for a new map application.
The data was collected and donated to the foundation by Meta and
Microsoft. 

FACEBOOK SURPASSES 3 BILLION MONTHLY ACTIVE USERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/26/facebook-3-billion-users/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Facebook has more than 3 billion monthly active users, despite its
declining popularity among younger people. There are 3.88 billion
monthly active users across Meta's entire family of apps, almost half
of the world's population. The growth was driven in part by Reels,
which gets 200 billion plays per day across Meta‚Äôs family of apps.
Threads is doing quite well according to Mark Zuckerberg, with 10s of
millions of daily active users. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

WORLD‚ÄôS HEAVIEST COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS SATELLITE WILL LAUNCH
TONIGHT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/07/worlds-heaviest-commercial-communications-satellite-will-launch-tonight/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


EchoStar's 9.2-metric-ton communications satellite launched on top of
a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket on Wednesday night from NASA's Kennedy
Space Center in Florida. The satellite will provide Internet services
across the Americas. It can provide up to 500 gigabits per second of
total capacity. This was the seventh Falcon Heavy launch and the third
of five planned this year. A link to the live-streamed webcast is
available. 

SUPERCONDUCTOR BREAKTHROUGH COULD REPRESENT ‚ÄòBIGGEST PHYSICS
DISCOVERY OF A LIFETIME‚Äô (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.independent.co.uk/tech/superconductor-breakthrough-new-electricity-power-paper-b2382401.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists from Korea claim to have synthesized a superconductor that
works at room temperature and ambient pressure. Such a discovery would
represent one of the biggest physics breakthroughs of recent decades.
While superconductors are widely useful, they're often impractical
since they require low temperatures and high pressure. While the
Korean scientists say they can make the material relatively easily,
their study is still going through the peer review process and the
results have not yet been replicated. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

JOIN SNYK‚ÄôS CTF 101 WORKSHOP | AUGUST 3 | 11AM EDT (SPONSOR)
[https://go.snyk.io/capture-the-flag-101-workshop.html?utm_campaign=ctf-101_08-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=capture-the-flag-101-workshop]


Did you know Snyk can be used to solve CTF challenges? Join SNYK‚ÄôS
CTF 101 WORKSHOP
[https://go.snyk.io/capture-the-flag-101-workshop.html?utm_campaign=ctf-101_08-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=capture-the-flag-101-workshop]
to learn how and get live support from CTF experts in the virtual
hands-on lab as you solve your first challenge. Plus, (ISC)2 members
will get 1 credit. Register now.
[https://go.snyk.io/capture-the-flag-101-workshop.html?utm_campaign=ctf-101_08-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=capture-the-flag-101-workshop]


CONTINUE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/continuedev/continue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Continue is a VS Code extension that brings the power of ChatGPT to
the IDE. It can answer coding questions, edit in natural language, and
generate files from scratch. A GIF showing what the extension looks
like is available. 

WORDPRESS PLAYGROUND LETS YOU RUN WORDPRESS ENTIRELY IN YOUR BROWSER
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/18/wordpress-playground-lets-you-run-wordpress-entirely-in-your-browser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


WordPress Playground is a sandboxed environment that lets developers
try new things. It runs a WordPress instance directly in the browser
without having to mess around with a server. WordPress Playground
creates a brand-new WordPress site with a full admin panel and the
ability to create posts and pages in just a few seconds. Developers
can mess around with the site as much as they want as the changes are
gone when the page is refreshed. There are options to store and save
data. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE LITTLE SEARCH ENGINE THAT COULDN‚ÄôT (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23802382/search-engine-google-neeva-android?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article tells the story of how startup Neeva attempted to create
a search engine powered by AI. Google dominates the search market, but
this means that it is unlikely to ever explore huge changes to its
results page or business model. This leaves room for others to create
something that Google simply can't or won't make. After 15 years at
Google, Sridhar Ramaswamy left the company to co-found Neeva to build
the search engine of the future. Despite its hard work, Neeva
ultimately closed down its search engine as it couldn't create a
sustainable business in consumer search. 

WORKING REMOTELY IS A COMPETITIVE HIRING ADVANTAGE AGAIN (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/working-remotely-is-a-competitive-hiring-advantage-again-c182250e?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Remote work is now a bigger competitive hiring advantage than before
the pandemic as more and more companies are demanding that remote
workers return to the office. Working remotely has become a defining
characteristic of a job for many people. Some people won't even
consider positions that involve an office. Remote work is lowering the
cost of new company formation, granting more entrepreneurs more
opportunities without the need for other people's money. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE VS. THE OPEN WEB (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://interpeer.io/blog/2023/07/google-vs-the-open-web/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's proposed Web Environment Integrity, which was created
primarily to extract value from people, allows websites to refuse
service to specific browsers. 

STABILITY AI RELEASES ITS LATEST IMAGE-GENERATING MODEL, STABLE
DIFFUSION XL 1.0 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/26/stability-ai-releases-its-latest-image-generating-model-stable-diffusion-xl-1-0/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stable Diffusion XL 1.0 delivers more vibrant and accurate colors and
better contrast, shadows, and lighting compared to previous versions. 

GOOGLE SAYS IT WILL START DOWNRANKING NON-TABLET APPS IN THE PLAY
STORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/07/google-says-it-will-start-downranking-non-tablet-apps-in-the-play-store/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is changing the Play Store ranking algorithm so that apps with
better large-screen support are more visible. 

TREEMAPS ARE AWESOME! (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.phronemophobic.com/treemaps-are-awesome.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Treemaps are capable of generically summarizing data of many shapes
and sizes and can be used as a flexible tool for exploring and
navigating messy data blobs. 

META'S AR/VR BUSINESS LOST $7.7 BILLION IN THE PAST 6 MONTHS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/computing/metas-arvr-business-lost-7-7-billion-in-the-past-6-months/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta expects its operating losses for Reality Labs to increase
meaningfully year-over-year due to its ongoing product development
efforts and investments to further scale its ecosystem. 

IN CHALLENGE TO TESLA, MAJOR AUTOMAKERS LAUNCH EV CHARGING NETWORK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/business/autos-transportation/challenge-tesla-major-automakers-launch-ev-charging-network-2023-07-26/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A group of automakers, including General Motors, Stellantis, Hyundai
Motor, Honda, BMW, and Mercedes Benz, are creating a new joint-venture
company with the target of rolling out 30,000 electric vehicle
chargers in North America, starting along major highways and in
cities. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=042f50f0-2c56-11ee-bcdf-27f54fbae7fe&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690452019&t=1690454719&s=5cfa01076c91d0808ba9cd9285dca192819ca276d2ff3f0ac226eacc33e8151e].