# Articles TLDR 25-09-2023

Teslas Optimus robot can now sort objects on its own using its
end-to-end trained neural network¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=5d1e66ca-5b80-11ee-916a-c58b718f7140&pt=campaign&t=1695638664&s=3cc7e80fda66342eff8f491396c9167c653de35003f8fe606e3776ae8695484f]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [NexGen Cloud]
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=25.09]

TLDR 2023-09-25

NVIDIA ELITE PARTNER INTRODUCES SUPERCOMPUTERS AS A NEW ASSET CLASS
(SPONSOR)
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=25.09]

In the first offering of its kind, IaaS provider NexGen Cloud is
giving investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers.
The company is projecting 30-50% annualised returns.

	* Projected 150% profit over 5 years
	* Income-producing hands-off asset
	* Uncapped ROI
	* Limited Opportunity
	* Fully trackable earning via platform
	* First mover advantage - AI Boom needs more compute!

Get the info pack
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=25.09]

ARE YOU WORKING IN AI?

Launch GPU-Accelerated virtual machines with¬†Hyperstack.cloud
[http://hyperstack.cloud/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=25.09]
and increase speed and efficiency of your workloads. Enterprise-grade
VMs at scale and an easy-to-use platform with managed Kubernetes.

_5x more efficient and up to 75% cheaper when compared to legacy
providers!_

Try Hyperstack now!
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/gpu-cloud-enterprise-features-on-demand-0?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=25.09]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TESLA‚ÄôS OPTIMUS ROBOT CAN NOW SORT OBJECTS AUTONOMOUSLY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.teslarati.com/tesla-optimus-robot-sort-objects-autonomously/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's Optimus robot can now sort objects on its own using its
end-to-end trained neural network. The company shared a video showing
the robot self-calibrating and physically sorting colored blocks into
trays. The robot is able to adapt and adjust to its environment
dynamically. Tesla is encouraging people to come and work with the
company to help develop Optimus. The video is available in the
article.

GOOGLE PIXEL 8, PIXEL 8 PRO CAMERA FEATURES REVEALED THROUGH PROMO
VIDEO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.91mobiles.com/hub/google-pixel-8-pro-camera-features-promo-video/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A promo video released by Google shows off the Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro
from all angles. The devices are set to launch on October 4. The Pixel
8 line seems to focus on new camera features. The Pixel 8 Pro will
have new camera features, including Pro controls, Real Tone, Night
Sight, Astrophotography, Super Res Zoom, and the ability to swap faces
in an image. A list of the complete camera specifications for both the
Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro is available in the article.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NASA COLLECTED A SAMPLE FROM AN ASTEROID FOR THE FIRST TIME ‚Äî
HERE‚ÄôS WHY IT MATTERS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/24/23887975/nasa-asteroid-sample-osiris-rex-bennu-explained?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A capsule containing material from an asteroid was released from a
passing spacecraft and retrieved by NASA this morning. The OSIRIS-REx
spacecraft collected several hundred grams of asteroid material. The
capsule will be processed to prevent any contamination before it can
be opened. NASA hopes to investigate the asteroid material to discover
whether the basic building blocks of life were formed on ancient
asteroid bodies and delivered to Earth from outer space.

‚ÄòMIND-BOGGLING‚Äô SEA CREATURE SPOTTED OFF JAPAN HAS FINALLY BEEN
IDENTIFIED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.science.org/content/article/mind-boggling-sea-creature-spotted-japan-has-finally-been-identified?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A creature discovered off the coast of Okinawa, Japan in 2018 left
biologists baffled as it wasn't like anything else they've seen
before. The creature has now been determined to be a type of parasitic
flatworm. It is made up of two forms of the parasite that cooperate
together. This article tells the story of how scientists identified
the creature. Pictures of the flatworm are available.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SOLVING THE ENGINEERING STRATEGY CRISIS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/solving-the-engineering-strategy-crisis/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses a unified theory of Engineering strategy. It
focuses on how individuals can drive strategy even if they are not the
company's CTO. The article discusses what engineering strategies are,
why some strategies are more effective than others, why written
strategy is powerful, and how to drive engineering strategy as an
individual. Solving the engineering strategy crisis only requires two
straightforward steps: write down the existing strategy and then
improve the quality of the strategy.

CLOUDNATIVEPG (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

CloudNativePG is an operator designed to manage PostgreSQL workloads
on any supported Kubernetes cluster running in private, public,
hybrid, or multi-cloud environments. It leverages Kubernetes by
extending its controller and defining all the actions that a good
database administrator would normally do when managing a highly
available PostgreSQL database cluster. CloudNativePG covers the full
life cycle of a PostgreSQL database cluster with a primary/standby
architecture using native streaming replication.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

UNITY APOLOGIZES TO DEVS, REVEALS UPDATED RUNTIME FEE POLICY (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/unity-apologizes-to-devs-reveals-updated-runtime-fee-policy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unity's runtime fee will no longer apply to games built on Unity
Personal. It will only apply to developers on the Pro and Enterprise
plans using the next LTS version of Unity arriving in 2024. The fee
will not apply to games made with previous versions of Unity unless
they are upgraded to the next version of Unity. Games with less than
$1 million in trailing 12-month revenue will be exempt from the fee.

A STRANGE SIGN OF THE TIMES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-09-23/cybersecurity-troy-hunt-have-i-been-pwned-fighting-data-breaches/102803748?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The FBI seized stolen credentials for 80 million accounts from a
darknet marketplace in April. It decided to work with the owner of
data breach notification service 'Have I Been Pwned' to notify people
whether their data was part of the seized data. Have I Been Pwned is
run by a couple in Australia. This article tells the story of how the
service started and why the FBI decided to work with it.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

HOW SHOPIFY‚ÄôS ANTI-MEETING, ANTI-MANDATORY-OFFICE EXPERIMENT IS
GOING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90955958/how-shopifys-anti-meeting-anti-mandatory-office-experiment-is-going?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Many organizations and even a few government institutions have reached
out to Shopify to request a Meeting Cost Calculator of their own after
the company's success with the tool.

EXPERT CSS: THE CPU HACK (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/janeori/expert-css-the-cpu-hack-4ddj?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses how to continually crunch data and reevaluate
state using CSS without ever touching JavaScript.

BRITAIN SET TO APPROVE AMENDED MICROSOFT-ACTIVISION DEAL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/09/22/tech/microsoft-activision-uk-progress/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The amended Microsoft-Activision deal involves the sale of
Activision's cloud gaming rights to Ubisoft.

CHOOSE POSTGRES QUEUE TECHNOLOGY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://adriano.fyi/posts/2023-09-24-choose-postgres-queue-technology/#what-is-postgres-queue-tech?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Postgres queue technology is a relatively obscure tech that announces
and listens for new jobs and enables row locks.

A MONOPOLY-BUSTING AMAZON LAWSUIT MIGHT BE BIDEN‚ÄôS BOLDEST MOVE YET
TO TAME TECH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.politico.com/news/2023/09/22/lawsuit-against-amazon-expected-next-week-00117609?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Federal Trade Commission has been preparing a complaint against
Amazon since at least the start of this year and it will file an
antitrust case against the online retailer as soon as Tuesday.

MY SOLOPRENEUR STORY: ZERO TO $45K/MO IN 2 YEARS (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.tonydinh.com/p/my-solopreneur-story-zero-to-45kmo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The story of how one solopreneur created four successful products and
built an audience of 97,000 followers on Twitter to bring in a total
revenue of around $45,000 a month in just two years.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=5d1e66ca-5b80-11ee-916a-c58b718f7140&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695636019&t=1695638664&s=8253256b23236a077e84784eded9f723bea3669157c96d260c7469b21ea5dd98].