# Articles TLDR 23-02-2023

OpenAI has unveiled a new product called Foundry.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=187bc5de-b348-11ed-a815-cdfbdd71f310&pt=campaign&t=1677154289&s=cadad3455359ae0ab821e9793233f0eaf0d453e0505729a04f23b5358f3be89e]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Toptal] [https://www.toptal.com/?utm_source=tldr]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-23

HIRE THE TOP 3% OF FREELANCE TALENT, RISK FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.toptal.com/?utm_source=tldr] 

Toptal is an exclusive network of the top freelance software
developers, designers, finance experts, product managers, and project
managers in the world. Try out a freelancer with a¬†two week risk free
trial [https://www.toptal.com/?utm_source=tldr], if you are not
completely satisfied, you won't be billed.
"With Toptal, we are able to find talented developers in a matter of
weeks instead of months. The quality of talent they supply is
extremely high as the developers are able to immediately onboard and
ramp incredibly fast."

Zac Carman, CEO of ConsumerAffairs

Hire a freelancer with a two week risk free trial today
[https://www.toptal.com/?utm_source=tldr].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE'S NONINVASIVE BLOOD GLUCOSE TECHNOLOGY FOR FUTURE APPLE WATCH
REACHES 'PROOF-OF CONCEPT' STAGE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/02/22/apple-blood-glucose-monitoring-technology/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is making progress on a noninvasive blood glucose monitoring
technology for the Apple Watch. The technology uses a silicon
photonics chip and laser light to measure glucose levels under the
skin. The current prototype is the size of an iPhone and attaches to a
person's arm. Apple has hundreds of engineers working on the project,
but it is still years away from completion. The company wants its
technology to be able to detect pre-diabetes and allow people to make
lifestyle changes before full-blown diabetes develops. 

TESLA ANNOUNCES NEW ENGINEERING HEADQUARTERS IN CALIFORNIA (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/22/23610766/tesla-california-engineering-headquarters-elon-musk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla has announced that it will take over office space formerly
occupied by Hewlett Packard and open a new engineering headquarters in
Palo Alto, California. The company moved its headquarters to Austin,
Texas, in October 2021 in recognition of its new Gigafactory in the
state. Despite CEO Elon Musk's previous threats to leave California
due to disagreement with COVID-19 safety protocols, Tesla has
continued to invest in its Fremont factory and maintains its old
headquarters in Palo Alto. Musk relocated to Texas in late 2020 as
SpaceX increased its presence there. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

GOOGLE CLAIMS BREAKTHROUGH IN QUANTUM COMPUTER ERROR CORRECTION (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/RpoxT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google has achieved a breakthrough in correcting errors in quantum
computers. Currently, quantum computers struggle to produce results
due to their qubits only holding their quantum states for a short
time. Information is lost before the machine can complete its
calculations. Correcting these errors is the hardest technical
challenge the industry faces. Google's researchers recorded a 4%
reduction in error rates when scaling up their technique. The research
puts Google on the path to its first practical quantum computer. There
is a chance that the error-correction technique may not work when
applied to larger quantum systems. 

RELATIVITY SPACE'S FIRST LAUNCH OF 3D-PRINTED TERRAN ROCKET SCHEDULED
FOR MARCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.floridatoday.com/story/tech/science/space/2023/02/22/relativity-spaces-first-launch-of-3d-printed-terran-rocket-scheduled/69933658007/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Relativity Space is targeting March 8th for the first flight of its
3D-printed Terran 1 rocket. The mission, dubbed 'Good Luck, Have Fun',
will mark the company's first launch and will lift off at 1 PM EST
from Cape Canaveral, Florida. It won't be carrying any customer
payloads. The rocket will be the largest 3D printed object to attempt
an orbital mission. 85% of the rocket's mass is 3D printed. Relativity
aims to increase this to 95% for future rockets. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

IASQL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/iasql/iasql?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

IaSQL provides a 2-way connection between a cloud account and a
PostgreSQL database. This connection allows users to treat
infrastructure as data in PostgreSQL. A quick demo is available in the
repository. 

OPENAI HAS PRIVATELY ANNOUNCED A NEW DEVELOPER PRODUCT CALLED FOUNDRY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/transitive_bs/status/1628118163874516992?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has unveiled a new product called Foundry. Foundry enables
customers to run OpenAI model inference at scale with dedicated
capacity. OpenAI plans to offer more robust fine tuning options for
its latest models, with Foundry serving as the platform for these
models. The public version of OpenAI's GPT-4 model will likely have a
maximum context length of 32,000. 

EBOOK: CAN YOUR DATA STACK BRIDGE THE ON-PREM/CLOUD DIVIDE? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/modern-data-pipeline-ebook/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-data-pipeline-ebook]


~91% of businesses use a public cloud, but only 25% use it exclusively
‚Äî leaving a significant majority with a divide in their data
ecosystem. This ebook explains how to find the right data integration
tools to manage a hybrid data strategy. Download the ebook from CData:
Data Pipelines for the Modern Business
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/modern-data-pipeline-ebook/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-data-pipeline-ebook]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENERATIVE AI IS COMING FOR THE LAWYERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/generative-ai-is-coming-for-the-lawyers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the implications of using AI in the legal sector
and how it is being used in the industry. The potential of AI to
disrupt the legal industry is growing as generative AI tools become
more advanced. Generative AI is a good fit for the legal industry,
which relies heavily on standardized documents and precedents. The
technology's tendency to 'hallucinate' or make things up could be
costly in a legal context. 

THE RADICAL PROMISE OF NUCLEAR FUSION (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/the-radical-promise-of-nuclear-fusion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The National Ignition Facility at the Lawrence Livermore Laboratory
recently achieved a major milestone, inducing a fusion reaction that
released 3.15 megajoules of energy using a beam of 2.05 megajoules of
ultraviolet light. Now, the challenge for the scientific community is
to scale this process to an industrial level. This article looks at
the history of fusion technology, explaining the main concepts,
bottlenecks, and opportunities of making fusion power a reality.
Achieving feasible fusion power is a massive design problem that
requires further research, but if successful could provide clean and
sustainable energy on earth. 

TLDR AI NEWSLETTER
[https://tldr.tech/ai?email=blockchaincryptologue@gmail.com] 

Hey guys, I'm super excited to announce the launch of our¬†new AI
newsletter [https://tldr.tech/ai?email=%7B%7BEmailAddress%7D%7D]! It
helps you keep up with the latest AI/ML startups, research,
engineering, and more. It's curated by a team of founders, AI
researchers, and ML engineers who have worked at places like OpenAI,
Google, and Stanford.¬†Click here to subscribe for free
[https://tldr.tech/ai?email=%7B%7BEmailAddress%7D%7D]!

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BITE-SIZED MATH AND CS LESSONS TO SHARPEN YOUR ANALYTICAL THINKING
(SPONSOR) [https://7t04.short.gy/Vo6Q6C] 

Learning a little every day is one of the best habits you can
develop.¬†Brilliant‚Äôs bite-sized interactive lessons make it easy
(but not too easy). Join now to claim a 20% discount for TLDR readers
[https://7t04.short.gy/Vo6Q6C] 

INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS CO-FOUNDERS‚Äô PERSONALIZED NEWS APP ARTIFACT LAUNCHES
TO THE PUBLIC WITH NEW FEATURES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/22/instagrams-co-founders-personalized-news-app-artifact-launches-to-the-public-with-new-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Artifact is a personalized news reader with social features. 

THE 2023 MAD (MACHINE LEARNING, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & DATA)
LANDSCAPE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://mattturck.com/mad2023/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The MAD Landscape is an annual report that looks at the technologies
and products in the data and AI ecosystem. 

HIGHLIGHT.IO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/highlight/highlight?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

highlight.io is a full-stack monitoring platform that features session
replay, error monitoring, and logging. 

SCIENTISTS SAY THEY GENE HACKED MICE TO DOUBLE REMAINING LIFESPAN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/scientists-gene-hacked-mice-lifespan?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rejuvenate Bio claims that its technology, which involves gene
reprogramming, can effectively double the remaining life span of
elderly mice. 

HUMANS WHO ARE NOT CONCENTRATING ARE NOT GENERAL INTELLIGENCES (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://srconstantin.wordpress.com/2019/02/25/humans-who-are-not-concentrating-are-not-general-intelligences/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has achieved the ability to pass the Turing test against humans
on autopilot, but people who pay attention are able to identify
obvious flaws. 

INTRODUCTION TO DATA-CENTRIC AI (WEBSITE)
[https://dcai.csail.mit.edu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This is the first-ever course on Data-Centric AI, an emerging science
that studies techniques to improve datasets. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

DATALOGIC RECRUITMENT - CHIEF DATA SCIENTIST (NEW YORK, $200,000 -
$300,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/chief-data-scientist-/245] 

DataLogic Recruitment is a third-party recruiter hiring a Chief Data
Scientist to set the vision and build the roadmap for all things data
for a growing research platform that prides itself on maintaining a
family-like small team culture in a high-energy, high-fun environment.


METHOD FINANCIAL - SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE (FULLY REMOTE, $115,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-account-executive/313] 

Method Financial is hiring a Senior Account Executive to be a
foundational member to lead new revenue growth for an embedded banking
service that allows developers to easily retrieve and pay any of their
users' debts. 

QUENTAL TECHNOLOGIES - R DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $24,999+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/r-developer/322] 

Quental Technologies is hiring an R Developer to program functions in
R and/or Python for IA and analytics projects in a big data analytics
lab. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=187bc5de-b348-11ed-a815-cdfbdd71f310&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677150021&t=1677154289&s=15e02f2d0a543ad8e30883733ee9966452ef879cd75e993bf79d3c7446dfaccb].


¬†