# Articles TLDR 14-08-2023

Apple is reportedly planning a complete revamp of the Apple Watch for
the devices tenth anniversary  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=61b51af6-3a7b-11ee-a7ab-074cb6ca5562&pt=campaign&t=1692009895&s=8bcb3f610395c6164eefe67fcab9a4d4114fffa2a5809bd5ef588628eff3e1f9]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Masterworks]
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-14-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

TLDR 2023-08-14

BILLIONAIRES WANTED IT... 54578 EVERYDAY INVESTORS GOT IT FIRST
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-14-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

When incredibly valuable assets come up for sale, it's typically the
wealthiest people that end up taking home an amazing investment. But
not always…
One platform is taking on the billionaires at their own game, buying
up some of history’s most prized blue-chip artworks. Its investors
have already realized annualized net returns of 17.8%, 21.5%, 35%
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-14-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]
and more.

It's called Masterworks. Their nearly $1 billion collection includes
artists like Banksy, Picasso, and Basquiat.
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-14-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]
When Masterworks sells a painting – like the 15 it's already sold
– investors reap their portion of the net proceeds.

Offerings can sell out in minutes, but TLDR readers can skip the
waitlist to join with this exclusive link.
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-14-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

See important disclosures at masterworks.com/cd
[http://masterworks.com/cd]

📱 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE PLANNING MAJOR 'APPLE WATCH X' REDESIGN TO INTRODUCE NEW BAND
SYSTEM AND MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/08/13/gurman-apple-watch-x-redesign-planned/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is reportedly planning a complete revamp of the Apple Watch for
the device's tenth anniversary. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman says that the
'Apple Watch X', which will be released either in 2024 or 2025, will
have a thinner casing and different ways for bands to attach to the
device. The Apple Watch Series 9 will likely only be a minor refresh.
Apple is considering switching the Apple Watch away from annual
updates to offer more substantial upgrades on a less frequent cycle. 

MILLIONS OF AMAZON PACKAGES WILL NOW ARRIVE WITHOUT ANY PACKAGING AT
ALL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.entrepreneur.com/business-news/amazon-trims-packaging-offers-ships-in-own-container/457329?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Around 11% of packages from Amazon in the US will now arrive without
extra packaging. Amazon is aiming to streamline its delivery process,
boost sustainability, and appeal to customers who are turned off by
brown boxes. Customers can choose whether they want extra packaging or
not at checkout on items qualified to ship in their own containers. 

🚀 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HOW AMAZON IS RACING TO CATCH MICROSOFT AND GOOGLE IN GENERATIVE A.I.
WITH CUSTOM AWS CHIPS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/12/amazon-is-racing-to-catch-up-in-generative-ai-with-custom-aws-chips.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon quietly started production of custom silicon in 2013. It has
launched its own Arm-based server chip as a rival to x86 CPUs from AMD
and Intel. Amazon launched AI-focused chips in 2018, two years before
Google announced its first Tensor Processing Unit. This article takes
a look at Amazon's strategy to provide the infrastructure for
businesses to create generative AI applications. 

NEW FORCE OF NATURE DISCOVERED BY SCIENTISTS AT FERMILAB (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/new-force-of-nature-discovered-at-by-scientists-at-fermilab?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists at Fermilab have found evidence of muons not behaving as
expected by the current physics theory. There is still some
uncertainty over the results. It could be a sign of a new force of
nature. Muons are fundamental particles similar to electrons but about
200 times as massive. The standard model of physics is unable to
account for many phenomena observed in the universe. 

💻 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

METATYPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/metatypedev/metatype?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Metatype is a declarative API development platform. It uses
Typegraphs, programmable virtual graphs describing all of the
components in a stack, to enable API, storage, and business logic
composition in a type-safe manner. Metatype supports plugins and
reusable components. It is still in beta, but most of the core engine
is close to production readiness. 

THE SOURCE OF READABILITY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://loup-vaillant.fr/articles/source-of-readability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Code that is read together should be written together. There is a lot
of actionable advice that can be derived from this rule, for example,
maintain high cohesion and low coupling, write less code, keep modules
deep, and avoid repetition. This article takes a look at the rule and
how it results in more readable code. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

THERE IS NO HARD TAKEOFF (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://geohot.github.io//blog/jekyll/update/2023/08/10/there-is-no-hard-takeoff.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The information revolution will do for intelligence what the
industrial revolution did for energy. Most work used to be done by
muscles, now it is not - soon, most thinking won't be done with
brains. The change won't happen overnight, but it has already begun.
More intelligence will lead to new tricks, but the tricks will get
harder and harder to find. 

MY $0->$100M->$0 IN 5 YEARS STORY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://old.reddit.com/r/startups/comments/15p8qrx/my_0100m0_in_5_years_story/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This Reddit post tells the story of someone who quit their executive
job at a FAANG and started a SaaS as a first time founder. It talks
about how they scaled, raised money from VCs, and how the advice of
VCs caused the business to collapse. The story aims to show another
side of the VC startup scene to provide a different perspective in a
field that often shows too much survivor bias. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON WARNS EMPLOYEES WHO DON’T GO TO THE OFFICE ENOUGH (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/08/11/business/amazon-warns-employees-office/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon sent an email to employees who rarely used their workplace ID
badges to enter an Amazon office building saying that workers are
expected to start coming into the office three or more days a week
now. 

PREPARE YOUR FIREFOX DESKTOP EXTENSION FOR THE UPCOMING ANDROID
RELEASE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2023/08/10/prepare-your-firefox-desktop-extension-for-the-upcoming-android-release/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mozilla is launching support for an open ecosystem of extensions on
Firefox for Android in the coming months - developers can start
optimizing their desktop extensions for mobile use right away. 

HOW A STARTUP LOSES ITS SPARK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.johnqian.com/startup-spark?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A look at the differences between working at startups vs large
companies for engineers. 

HOW THE FBI GOES AFTER DDOS CYBERATTACKERS (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/12/fbi-ddos-for-hire-cyberattackers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

In this interview, Elliott Peterson, one of the FBI agents who led the
investigations around the DDOS attacks that knocked out some of the
biggest websites in 2016, discusses his work going after the people
behind DDoS services and identifying which services to take down. 

SAM BANKMAN-FRIED IS GOING TO JAIL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/08/sam-bankman-fried-is-going-to-jail/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Prosecutors convinced a judge that Bankman-Fried had fed documents to
the media to intimidate a witness. 

CARROT PROBLEMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.atvbt.com/the-carrot-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Anytime someone achieves success in a way they don't want to admit
publicly, they have to come up with an excuse, which can mean
misleading others into potentially wasting their time or worse. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=61b51af6-3a7b-11ee-a7ab-074cb6ca5562&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692007228&t=1692009895&s=8b46503fb1900ca39cfa9ffd7cabd0e1e4a771a8b251b3986c93ca25671326d0].