# Articles TLDR 29-09-2023

OpenAI is looking to use Apple former chief design officer Jony Ives
design firm LoveFrom to develop OpenAIs first consumer device.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7c8585c4-5e97-11ee-8e55-d3b4591f3497&pt=campaign&t=1695984402&s=66a46452c6dcee247e9c7ab443899aac1420b804891a59aa61d90fefe647068a]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-29

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

DETAILS EMERGE ON JONY IVE AND OPENAI‚ÄôS PLAN TO BUILD THE ‚ÄòIPHONE
OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/28/23893939/jony-ive-openai-sam-altman-iphone-of-artificial-intelligence-device?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is looking to use Apple former chief design officer Jony Ive's
design firm LoveFrom to develop OpenAI's first consumer device. The
project is aided by over $1 billion in funding from Softbank CEO
Masayoshi Son. Ive and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman discussed the product
during brainstorming sessions at Ive's San Francisco studio. The
device will aim to provide a more natural and intuitive user
experience for interacting with artificial intelligence. 

MICROSOFT CONSIDERED SELLING BING TO APPLE IN 2020 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/09/28/microsoft-bing-acquisition-talks/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft considered selling Bing to Apple in 2020 in a deal that
would have resulted in Bing replacing Google as the default search
engine on Apple devices. Talks between the companies were only
exploratory and did not progress. Apple did not move forward with the
deal due to the money it earned from Google and because it thought
that Bing would not be able to compete with Google in quality and
capabilities. The Apple/Google deal is currently under scrutiny due to
the antitrust trial between Google and the US Department of Justice. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX FALCON HEAVY MAY LAUNCH NASA PSYCHE MISSION TO METAL ASTEROID
NEXT WEEK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/science/space/spacex-falcon-heavy-may-launch-nasa-psyche-mission-to-metal-asteroid-next-week/#ftag=CAD590a51e?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket may be launching a spacecraft to explore
the metal-rich asteroid Psyche as soon as October 5. The asteroid is
estimated to be composed of up to 60% iron-nickel metals. It could be
more valuable than the entire world economy. NASA has no plans to mine
the asteroid. It will use data from the mission to get a more accurate
idea of its potential value and learn more about what Earth's core
might be like. 

SOLAR-POWERED AIRSHIP WILL CIRCLE THE WORLD NON-STOP WITHOUT FUEL (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/aircraft/solar-powered-airship-one/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Solar Airship One is a 151-meter-long airship that has its entire
upper surface covered in solar film. The airship is able to run on
solar power during the day and store enough extra power to continue
during the night. Solar Airship One will have an average speed of 83
kilometers per hour. While it will run on renewable energy, the
airship still uses 50,000 cubic meters of helium, a completely
non-replaceable element. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

WIFI WITHOUT INTERNET ON A SOUTHWEST FLIGHT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://jamesbvaughan.com/southwest-wifi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unable to access the internet during a flight because of payment
portal issues, this author decided to see what data was still
available on the Wi-Fi network. They found a repeating successful
request that contained data for the plane's altitude, estimated time
of arrival, and ground speed. This article breaks down how the author
analyzed the request and used the data to find out more about their
flight. 

CSS SUBGRID (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/css-subgrid/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

CSS subgrid allows track sizing and the sharing of templates and names
with nested grids. It allows for variably sized content. This article
explains how CSS subgrid works. A list of resources for further
reading is provided at the end of the article. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI, HARDWARE, AND VIRTUAL REALITY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/ai-hardware-and-virtual-reality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the most recent developments in technology and
their implications. It covers ChatGPT's new voice and vision
abilities, Meta AI, Emu, Meta Smart Glasses, the Quest 3, OpenAI's
rumored device, and virtual reality. 

WORKING AT A STARTUP VS IN BIG TECH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/working-at-a-startup-vs-in-big-tech/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Being in a startup can be good because it's very educational and you
can make a lot of impact, but there is a lot of financial risk and
stress involved and failure is always a possibility. Working in Big
Tech feels more organized and benefits include internal transfers,
financial stability, perks, and networking. However, employees may
feel a lack of purpose, there is a lot of overhead and bureaucracy,
and misaligned incentives around performance reviews can create pretty
twisted political situations. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI LANGUAGE MODELS CAN EXCEED PNG AND FLAC IN LOSSLESS COMPRESSION,
SAYS STUDY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/ai-language-models-can-exceed-png-and-flac-in-lossless-compression-says-study/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chinchilla 70B, a large language model by DeepMind, can perform
lossless compression on images to 43.4% of their original size and
audio data to just 16.4% of their raw size. 

INFLATION BITES U.S. ENGINEERING SALARIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/electrical-engineer-salary-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Inflation has outpaced growth in US engineering salaries for the
second year in a row. 

THE RASPBERRY PI 5 IS FINALLY HERE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/28/23889238/raspberry-pi-5-specs-availability-pricing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Raspberry Pi 5, starting at $60, is the first Raspberry Pi to come
with in-house silicon. 

OPEN SOURCE DOES NOT WIN BY BEING CHEAPER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/getlago/lago/wiki/Open-Source-does-not-win-by-being-cheaper?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Open source companies either have to surpass their competitors or need
to have a concrete reason for why they are open source. 

MARK ZUCKERBERG CAN‚ÄôT QUIT THE METAVERSE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23894188/mark-zuckerberg-metaverse-connect-2023-ai-vr?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mark Zuckerberg talked about how the technologies that combine the
physical world and the physical world are still being built and how
they will result in the concept called the metaverse at Meta Connect
2023. 

APPLE‚ÄôS NEXT IPHONE SE WILL BE THE ONE TO RETIRE THE IPHONE 6 DESIGN
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/report-apples-next-iphone-se-will-be-the-one-to-retire-the-iphone-6-design/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The next iPhone SE, which will allegedly come out in 2025, will use
the iPhone 14 as a basic template. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7c8585c4-5e97-11ee-8e55-d3b4591f3497&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695981618&t=1695984402&s=89fca1935c083dfe024cd4cab01eb7ffa4ab3c87f32e372c1d67c848653e732c].