# Articles TLDR 20-10-2023

The FCC has voted to move ahead with a plan to restore net neutrality
rules and common-carrier regulation of Internet service providers¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=968a286c-6f36-11ee-bd47-bf5546e1bc90&pt=campaign&t=1697802684&s=80dd13a92ecfb2eed9ce07820c83c326e7f56307c107104ecba6e8e3f9913566]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-20

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 FCC MOVES AHEAD WITH TITLE II NET NEUTRALITY RULES IN 3-2 PARTY-LINE
VOTE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/fcc-moves-ahead-with-title-ii-net-neutrality-rules-in-3-2-party-line-vote/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The FCC has voted to move ahead with a plan to restore net neutrality
rules and common-carrier regulation of Internet service providers.
Broadband will be reclassified as a telecommunications service,
allowing the FCC to regulate ISPs. The reclassification will give the
FCC more authority to protect national security on broadband networks.
The broadband industry will likely sue the FCC in an attempt to
nullify the rulemaking. 

 ‚ÄòINCREDIBLE‚Äô IOS 17.1 UPDATE HAS FIXED NEW IPHONE 15 SCREEN
PROBLEM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/jaymcgregor/2023/10/19/incredible-ios-171-update-has-fixed-new-iphone-15-screen-problem/?sh=752e8bf21ffa?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple's iOS 17.1 update may have fixed a screen burn issue with the
iPhone 15. Some iPhone 15 Pro Max owners recently complained about an
issue where a shadow of an image was permanently etched into the
display. The update is still in beta and will roll out to the public
next week. The fix suggests that the issue is a software bug rather
than a more expensive hardware problem. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 10-SECOND VOICE TEST SHOWN TO DETECT TYPE 2 DIABETES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/medical/10-second-voice-test-type-2-diabetes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A recent study suggests that a 10-second smartphone voice recording
may be able to deliver an on-the-spot diagnosis for type 2 diabetes.
The pitch and intensity of the recordings differ in a consistent
manner between diabetic and non-diabetic people. The scientists in the
study created an AI-based program to analyze voice recordings. The
system was 89% accurate at identifying type 2 diabetic women and 86%
accurate at spotting diabetic men. 

 MARINES TEST FIRE ROBOT DOG ARMED WITH ROCKET LAUNCHER (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.thedrive.com/the-war-zone/marines-test-fire-robot-dog-armed-with-rocket-launcher?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The US Marine Corps recently tested a robot dog armed with a training
version of the M72 infantry anti-armor rocket launcher. Specific
details about the robot dog and its capabilities are limited. The
Marine Corps has released photos and videos of the robot completing
tests. This article contains the video of the robot with the
anti-armor rocket launcher along with many other videos of armed
quadrupedal robots. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 VECTORPEA (WEBSITE)
[https://www.vectorpea.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Vectorpea is an online tool for vector graphics. It was created by
the same developer that created Photopea. Users can create new
projects straight from the interface or upload content to work on.
Vectorpea supports a wide range of file types and several cloud
storage services. 

 RANDOM THOUGHTS 15 YEARS INTO SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://roughlywritten.substack.com/p/random-thoughts-15-years-into-software?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This article contains advice from a professional software engineer
with 15 years of experience. The advice is listed in no particular
order. Some of the advice includes not thinking in absolutes, thinking
about how code might fail while writing it, and realizing that there
will never be time for going back and fixing technical debt. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY A 'HOLOGRAM REVOLUTION' COULD BE ON THE WAY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/business-67080941?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Australia's Hologram Zoo opened in Brisbane earlier this year. It
features 50 lifelike displays crafted from lasers. The hologram show
uses a device that detects where everyone in the room is, creating a
tailored virtual experience. It also uses sensory technology that
allows visitors to smell the flowers and trees. This article looks at
the technology that powers the zoo. Pictures of a couple of exhibits
from the hologram zoo are available. 

 NETFLIX PLANS PRICE INCREASE AS PASSWORD-SHARING EFFORT BOOSTS
SUBSCRIBER GROWTH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.md/2OI3M?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Netflix's efforts to limit password sharing delivered stronger
customer growth than expected. It added 8.8 million subscribers in the
third quarter. The company plans to immediately increase some prices
in the US, UK, and France. It will lower content spending this year to
about $13 billion, down from the $17 billion it expected to spend
earlier this year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 IF YOU HAVEN'T UPDATED WINRAR IN THE PAST FEW WEEKS, DO SO NOW (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techspot.com/news/100553-if-you-havent-downloaded-or-updated-winrar-since.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Russian and Chinese government-backed hackers have been actively
exploiting a WinRAR vulnerability that was patched in version 6.23,
released in August. 

 CHARGEPOINT STARTS ROLLING OUT TESLA-STYLE NACS PLUGS FOR ITS
CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/10/chargepoint-starts-rolling-out-tesla-style-nacs-plugs-for-its-customers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 ChargePoint will start shipping NACS cable upgrade kits for existing
DC fast chargers in November. 

 SLACK IS RETIRING ITS STATUS ACCOUNT ON X (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/19/23924662/slack-status-account-retiring-x-twitter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Slack made the decision to retire its X account as it wants to
consolidate its communications and focus resources on those most
widely used by its customers. 

 ELON MUSK CONFIRMS X IS SOON LAUNCHING TWO NEW PREMIUM TIERS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/19/elon-musk-confirms-x-is-soon-launching-two-new-premium-tiers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 One tier will cost less than the current $8 per month plan, but it
won't reduce ads, while the other tier will be more expensive but
remove all ads. 

 FREE CERTIFICATIONS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cloudcommunity/Free-Certifications?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This repository contains a curated list of free courses and
certifications. 

 JAPAN PROVIDES UP TO $80 MLN SUBSIDY TO MOONSHOT STARTUP ISPACE (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/space/japan-gives-80-mln-subsidy-moon-exploration-startup-ispace-2023-10-20/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The grant will be used to develop a new spacecraft that will be able
to carry more than 100 kg loads to the moon's surface by 2027. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=968a286c-6f36-11ee-bd47-bf5546e1bc90&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697799212&t=1697802684&s=cb6ad1267c6d362b8665b74f43b882e9db89d23056f246d6cf1b6d919f91b68c].