# Articles TLDR 11-07-2023

Threads has already surpassed 100 million users¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=462cdd38-1fbd-11ee-a03d-a525d83dd1f9&pt=campaign&t=1689072409&s=c8a5efcd82d97118d9ca197c09f64d7dc3222184ba9b5c5608e16c3d4f14ef29]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-07-11

TRUST, AUTOMATED. (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Imagine being able to achieve compliance with any framework you want
without lifting a finger. Meet Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:
the automated compliance platform that does all the work for you.
Drata connects to 80+ apps ad cloud services, and automatically
collects the evidence
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
you need to submit. It maps the evidence to the relevant controls for
each framework - such as SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

You can also monitor your risk management, vendor assessments, and
policy reviews with Drata's easy-to-use dashboard.
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
No more manual tasks, screenshots, or overlapping projects. Just peace
of mind and audit-readiness at all times.

See for yourself how Drata can transform your compliance journey.
Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS THREADS SURPASSES 100 MILLION USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/10/23787453/meta-instagram-threads-100-million-users-milestone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Threads has already surpassed 100 million users, reaching the
milestone dramatically faster than ChatGPT. It took ChatGPT two months
to pass the mark, while Threads only launched last Wednesday. Users
have made more than 95 million posts and shared 190 million likes on
the platform. Mark Zuckerberg said in a post that the growth was
mostly organic. Threads is still in its infancy and it is yet to be
seen whether the platform will retain its users. 

INSIDE GOOGLE‚ÄôS BIG AI SHUFFLE ‚Äî AND HOW IT PLANS TO STAY
COMPETITIVE (47 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23778745/demis-hassabis-google-deepmind-ai-alphafold-risks?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains a transcript of an interview with Dennis
Hassabis, CEO of Google DeepMind. Google DeepMind is the result of an
internal merger between DeepMind and Google's previous internal AI
team called Google Brain. DeepMind was purchased in 2014 and the
merger was completed earlier this year. The two divisions were not
focused on the same things when they were merged, resulting in a
culture clash. The interview covers the merger and the dramas around
it as well as AI risk and artificial general intelligence. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

LONGSHOT SPACE WANTS TO MAKE SPACE LAUNCH DUMB ‚Äî AND REALLY CHEAP (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/10/longshot-space-wants-to-make-space-launch-dumb-and-really-cheap-too/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Longshot Space's CEO Mike Grace thinks that rockets are an overly
exquisite solution to the problem of sending large masses to space.
The company's answer is a kinetic launch system that will be capable
of reaching hypersonic speeds and shooting projectiles to orbital
velocities for as low as $10 per kilogram. Its system involves a
multiple-kilometer-long horizontal concrete tunnel that is basically a
vacuum chamber. The system will generate a lot of noise, so it will
have to be built somewhere very remote. 

SPACEX LAUNCHES ITS FLEET-LEADING ROCKET BOOSTER FOR RECORD 16TH TIME
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/07/spacex-launches-its-fleet-leading-rocket-booster-for-record-16th-time/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX recently set a new record for the most flights by a SpaceX
launch vehicle. The mission was SpaceX's 216th successful mission in a
row for the Falcon rocket family. SpaceX is now aiming to fly its
Falcon 9 boosters as many as 20 times. The company‚Äôs most-flown
rocket, numbered B1058 in the its inventory, went through a process
that included a recertification to prove that it could fly up to five
more times. It first debuted with SpaceX‚Äôs first launch of
astronauts in May 2020. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

FIND A JOB WITHOUT JOBHUNTING (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

Hired has 1,988 open positions for tech roles: engineering, product
management, design, and sales. The best part? You don‚Äôt need to
apply for jobs ‚Äî companies approach you with salary details
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]
upfront ü§Ø
‚úîÔ∏è Zoom, Shopify, Dropbox and 10k other companies have already
hired on Hired.

üòè Join now to get offers (100% free for candidates)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

REACT95 (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/React95/React95?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

React95 is a component library inspired by the Windows 95 UI design.
It features TypeScript support, a Figma design kit, themes, and
Clippy. Examples are available in the repository. 

GITA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nosarthur/gita?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Gita is a command-line tool for managing multiple git repos. It can
display the status of multiple git repos side by side and delegate
commands on repos from any working directory. A video explaining
common usages for Gita is available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY INSTAGRAM IS TAKING ON TWITTER WITH THREADS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/5/23784870/instagram-threads-adam-mosseri-interview-twitter-competitor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta had been planning to release Threads for a while, but the
backlash to Twitter's recent limiting of how many tweets people can
see per day pushed the company to get the app out of the door. This
article contains a transcript of an interview with Adam Mosseri, the
head of Instagram, on how the Threads project started, the
decision-making process when developing the standalone app, Threads'
ActivityPub integration, why Threads isn't available in the EU,
Mosseri‚Äôs views on Twitter, and more. Threads' success shows that
there is room in the market for multiple players in different spaces. 

INVISIBLE DETAILS OF INTERACTION DESIGN (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://rauno.me/craft/interaction-design?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Design can feel like there's no science to it, but there are many
enthusiasts who spend their time deconstructing designs to find out
the why behind great displays of interaction design. This article
presents observations on common interactions as an exercise in
building stronger design intuition and vocabulary. It covers
metaphors, gestures, spatial consistency, touch inputs, and much more.
Understanding and articulating why something feels right might not
come as intuitively as designing something to feel right, but they're
two sides of the same coin. 

TLDR IS HIRING A SENIOR AD SALES EXECUTIVE

Hey everyone, TLDR is looking for a resourceful, tech-savvy senior ad
sales executive with an interest in B2B SaaS, developer tools, and
tech to join our team!
To apply, please send a copy of your resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a paragraph on why you would be a good fit for this role.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $1000 if we hire them.

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

üèõÔ∏èTHE FOUR PILLARS OF BUILDING A GREAT MOBILE APP (SPONSOR)
[https://get.embrace.io/four-pillars-ebook-tldr/?utm_source=content-synd&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=four-pillars-ebook]

Most mobile apps weren‚Äôt built for scale, and it shows. Learn to
avoid common pitfalls and future-proof your app with modular design,
early monitoring, and more. Get the free ebook from Embrace
[https://get.embrace.io/four-pillars-ebook-tldr/?utm_source=content-synd&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=four-pillars-ebook]


FEATURE FLAGS: THEORY VS REALITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://bpapillon.com/post/feature-flags-theory-vs-reality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Feature flags are great for continuous deployment, but they add
complexity to code, are difficult to verify, and add to potential
costs. 

THE REALITY OF BIG TECH'S 'FAKE WORK' PROBLEM (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/tech-industry-fake-work-problem-bad-managers-bosses-layoffs-jobs-2023-7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There are many stories of tech workers being paid by giant tech firms
to do very little, with some having to basically fight to find work. 

EXPLORING THE INFRASTRUCTURE AND CODE BEHIND MODERN EDGE FUNCTIONS (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/07/10/exploring-the-infrastructure-and-code-behind-modern-edge-functions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Edge computing runs code and serves data from servers as close as
possible to the client to keep apps fast and relevant. 

TUMBLR SAYS IT‚ÄôS GOING TO ‚ÄòFIX‚Äô ITS ‚ÄòCORE EXPERIENCE‚Äô TO
APPEAL TO NEW USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/10/23790050/tumblr-user-experience-changes-reblogs-discoverability-creators?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tumblr is redesigning its reply and reblog features in an attempt to
make the site less intimidating to attract users disillusioned with
Reddit and Twitter. 

REDDIT MODS FEAR SPAM OVERLOAD AS BOTDEFENSE LEAVES ‚ÄúANTAGONISTIC‚Äù
REDDIT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/07/reddit-mods-fear-spam-overload-as-botdefense-leaves-antagonistic-reddit/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The team behind BotDefense, a service that helps moderate 3,650
subreddits on Reddit, is quitting over Reddit's antagonistic actions
towards moderators and developers. 

EASY SVG SPARKLINES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexplescan.com/posts/2023/07/08/easy-svg-sparklines/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sparkline charts are simple, compact charts that show general trends
without getting into details. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=462cdd38-1fbd-11ee-a03d-a525d83dd1f9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689069618&t=1689072409&s=b95b3e854c19636ea965230a1e3ffda540a9ff957bbdec767de7bd20a21bc5b1].