# Articles TLDR 17-08-2023

Google is constantly evaluating new projects and technologies.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=45dca194-3cd5-11ee-8b44-295beff286a7&pt=campaign&t=1692269130&s=cc087c6d0bc0c7549d97ab170f5beaa7d25e28f1e92552ef811a5374b73ebc9b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-08-17

TRUST, AUTOMATED. (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Imagine being able to achieve compliance with any framework you want
without lifting a finger. Meet Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:
the automated compliance platform that does all the work for you.
Drata¬†connects to 80+ apps and cloud services, and¬†automatically
collects the evidence
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]¬†you
need to submit. It maps the evidence to the relevant controls for each
framework - such as¬†SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

You can also monitor your risk management, vendor assessments, and
policy reviews with¬†Drata's¬†easy-to-use dashboard
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]¬†No
more manual tasks, screenshots, or overlapping projects. Just peace of
mind and audit-readiness at all times.

See for yourself how¬†Drata¬†can transform your compliance
journey.¬†Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE REPORTEDLY BUILDING A.I. THAT OFFERS LIFE ADVICE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/16/google-reportedly-building-ai-that-offers-life-advice.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is constantly evaluating new projects and technologies. One of
Google's AI units is developing at least 21 different tools for life
advice, planning, and tutoring. More than 100 people with Ph.D.s have
been working on the project. Google has reportedly contracted with
Scale AI to test the tools. 

IPHONE 15 PRODUCTION BEGINS IN INDIA AS APPLE AIMS TO DIVERSIFY FROM
CHINA (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/16/apple-begins-iphone-15-production-in-india-report-says.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Foxconn has started production of the iPhone 15 in India. It will
start delivering devices a few weeks after shipping from China-based
factories begins. Apple is diversifying its supply chain due to
tensions between the US and China. The US has taken multiple actions
to restrict the flow of key technologies and investments into China. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

EX-GOOGLE CEO ERIC SCHMIDT TO LAUNCH AI-SCIENCE MOONSHOT (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/08/16/2023/ex-google-ceo-eric-schmidt-to-launch-ai-science-moonshot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Former CEO Eric Schmidt is building an organization to tackle
scientific challenges with the help of AI. Schmidt has already hired
two accomplished scientists for the initiative, which is modeled after
OpenAI. Funding for the organization will come mostly from Schmidt's
personal wealth, but outside funds will likely be necessary due to the
scope of the project. Schmidt intends to offer competitive salaries
and resources. 

LK-99 ISN‚ÄôT A SUPERCONDUCTOR - HOW SCIENCE SLEUTHS SOLVED THE
MYSTERY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02585-7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The LK-99 saga was an unusually swift resolution of a high-profile
puzzle and a great example of how claims are verified in the
scientific community. Researchers have determined that LK-99 is not a
superconductor and clarified its actual properties. This article
presents an overview of the research done on LK-99 over the past few
weeks. The properties that made LK-99 appear to be a superconductor at
first were caused by impurities in the material. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

IMPROVE YOUR DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE WITH FERN (SPONSOR)
[https://buildwithfern.typeform.com/to/zlS6MMOE]

Fern is a platform for developers building APIs. Use Fern to generate
client libraries (SDKs) and documentation for your REST API. Get
started by providing your OpenAPI spec. See examples.
[https://buildwithfern.typeform.com/to/zlS6MMOE] 

START TESTING WORDPRESS‚Äô NEW INTERACTIVITY API (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://wptavern.com/start-testing-wordpress-new-interactivity-api?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

WordPress' new Interactivity API allows developers to build sites that
visitors can interact with and get feedback from without refreshing
the page. Developers are now being encouraged to test the API. There
is no official documentation for the project yet, but there's a
'Getting Started' guide, which is linked in the article. 

PGVECTO.RS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tensorchord/pgvecto.rs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

pgvecto.rs is a Postgres extension that provides vector similarity
search functions. It is easy to use and can be integrated into
existing workflows and applications. pgvecto.rs is written in Rust, so
it offers benefits such as improved memory safety, better performance,
and reduced maintenance costs over time compared to similar products. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE NEXT NEXT JOB, A FRAMEWORK FOR MAKING BIG CAREER DECISIONS (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://andrewchen.com/the-next-next-job/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The 'Next Next Job' framework involves reflecting on what job you want
to be your next next job and why you can't get it right now. After
identifying what you want, you can work backwards from that and plan
your career accordingly. We often don't know what our next next job
might be, but thinking about it helps when making major decisions as
you know what you are working towards. It can also help you realize
that you might already be qualified for what you want to do, or help
you figure out what gaps you have to cover to get where you want to
go. 

SELF-DRIVING CAR BETS (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/ZRrYsZ626KSEgHv8s/self-driving-car-bets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While investors were optimistic enough to bet on self-driving cars
back in 2016, most experts and people in tech thought it was pretty
unlikely to be ready by 2023. People seem to treat self-driving as if
it were an easy AI problem, but perceiving and quickly reacting to the
world is something that we evolved to be good at, and driving
sometimes requires complex problem-solving. There is a big gap between
'pretty good' and 'actually good enough'. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON WILL REPORTEDLY CHARGE SELLERS AN EXTRA FEE FOR SHIPPING THEIR
OWN PRODUCTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/16/23834653/amazon-seller-fees-shipping-fulfillment?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sellers who don't use Amazon's fulfillment services may have to start
paying a 2% fee starting in October. 

EPIC GAMES IS BRINGING ITS CROSSPLAY TOOLS FOR DEVELOPERS TO CONSOLES
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/16/23833844/epic-games-crossplay-tools-developers-consoles?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Developers may soon be able to more easily bring crossplay multiplayer
to their games with Epic Games' Online Services tools. 

OPEN CHALLENGES IN LLM RESEARCH (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://huyenchip.com/2023/08/16/llm-research-open-challenges.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at 10 major problems in large language model
research that still need to be solved. 

AUTOMATING CREATIVITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/automating-creativity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses three recent experimental papers that show that
AI can be creative in settings with real-world implications. 

IS THIS A GOOD BOOK FOR ME, NOW? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://maryrosecook.com/blog/post/is-this-a-good-book-for-me-now?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The value of a book differs from person to person depending on where
that person is in life. 

GEORGE HOTZ VS ELIEZER YUDKOWSKY AI SAFETY DEBATE (1.5 HOUR VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yQEA18C-XI]

In this video, George Hotz and Eliezer Yudkowsky hash out their
positions on AI safety, acceleration, and other related topics. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=45dca194-3cd5-11ee-8b44-295beff286a7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692266480&t=1692269130&s=50795809817d15e5b0ac771689c20c227ef330975574d6c8656ce3f80a6d86b4].