# Articles TLDR 27-01-2023

Fintech company Stripe has set a one-year deadline to become a public
company.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a69f9490-9e16-11ed-af6f-53ba9a1a0182&pt=campaign&t=1674821245&s=a20113ce071d121c8a2b9f71f497f03a9a23edbb43fdf803d01a1e5bcc5b5fc9]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-27

HIRE THROUGH TLDR'S FREE JOB BOARD (SPONSOR)
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

If you're looking to hire top technical talent, sign up for our free
job board. Thousands of engineers, designers, and other tech workers
visit the job board each day, and I will be curating the most
interesting job listings to showcase in the Jobs section below. Sign
up here. [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

STRIPE EYES AN EXIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/26/fintech-stripe-eyes-an-exit/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Fintech company Stripe has set a one-year deadline to become a public
company. It will either list directly or through private transactions
such as fundraising events or tender offers. The company has enlisted
the help of Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan to decide the best course of
action. Stripe has not been immune to the economic downturn and
recently reduced its internal valuation to $63 billion. The company
laid off 14% of its staff in November. 

BUZZFEED TO USE CHATGPT CREATOR OPENAI TO HELP CREATE QUIZZES AND
OTHER CONTENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/TvP3p?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Buzzfeed's CEO, Jonah Peretti, has announced plans for AI to have a
larger role in the company's editorial and business operations this
year. He plans to use AI technology to improve quizzes and personalize
content for Buzzfeed's audience. AI will aid the creative process and
enhance the company's content, with humans providing ideas and
inspiration. Peretti says that in the future, AI will help create,
personalize, and animate content rather than just curating existing
content. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS ACTUALLY DID IT: THEY BUILT A REAL WORKING TRACTOR BEAM (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.popularmechanics.com/science/a42676079/scientists-build-working-tractor-beam/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chinese scientists have developed the first-ever tractor beam that is
strong enough to move macroscopic objects. In their experiments, they
demonstrated that it is possible to use flexible light manipulation on
macroscopic objects by controlling the interactions between the light,
object, and medium. The experiments were conducted in a highly
controlled lab that had a rarefied gaseous environment with a lower
pressure than Earth's atmosphere. The technique provides a non-contact
and long-distance pulling approach that could be useful for various
scientific experiments. 

PRECISION NEUROSCIENCE, CO-FOUNDED BY NEURALINK ALUM, IS CREATING A
BRAIN IMPLANT THINNER THAN A HUMAN HAIR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/25/capoot-precision-neuroscience-12523.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Precision Neuroscience's Layer 7 Cortical Interface is a brain implant
that aims to help patients with paralysis operate digital devices
using neural signals. The Layer 7 is an electrode array that resembles
a piece of scotch tape and is thinner than a human hair. Implanting
the device requires a surgical procedure to create a slit less than a
millimeter wide in the skull. As the device isn't inserted directly
into the brain tissue, the resolution of the brain signals is not as
strong as it is in some other similar devices. The device has been
successfully used to decode brain signals in animals. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

ASK HN: WHAT WOULD BE YOUR STACK IF YOU ARE BUILDING AN MVP TODAY?
(HACKER NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34530052] 

This Hacker News thread discusses tech stacks for developing a minimal
viable product, with a focus on backend technologies. The top reply
threads discuss PETAL (Phoenix, Elixir, TailwindCSS, Alpine.Js,
Liveview), Rails, TS, Next, Mantine, Supabase, Vercel, and Django.
When creating an MVP, it's not necessary to focus too much on the
technical details that may not be worth the effort at this stage. 

PRECLOUD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tinystacks/precloud?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Infrastructure code deployments often fail due to mismatched
constraints over resource fields between the infrastructure code, the
deployment engine, and the target cloud. precloud is a command line
interface that contains rules that check for names, quotas, and
resource-specific constraints to make sure that infrastructure code is
deployed successfully. It can be used to harden deployments, enforce
organizational resource patterns, and maintain security standards. 

MAKE YOUR APP ENTERPRISE READY WITH WORKOS (SPONSOR)
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]


WorkOS APIs enable you to ship complex enterprise features in minutes
instead of months, allowing you to focus entirely on core product
features. Use WorkOS and start selling to enterprise customers with
just a few lines of code.
‚ÄúIntegration was straightforward, pleasant and fun‚Äù ‚Äì Bryant
Chou, Webflow CTO & Co-founder. Start now for free
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

45 YEARS OLD BRYAN JOHNSON SPENDS $2 MILLION A YEAR TO BE 18 AGAIN (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/bryan-johnson-reduces-biological-age?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bryan Johnson, a 45-year-old man, claims to have reversed his age by
as many as five years. A team of 30 doctors is currently conducting
experiments on Johnson, monitoring his vital signs and adjusting his
routine accordingly. Johnson reportedly spends $2 million annually on
his regimen, with the goal of ultimately achieving the overall health
of an 18-year-old in all of his body's organs. Details about Johnson's
routine are available in the article. 

WHAT WE LOOK FOR IN A RESUME (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://huyenchip.com/2023/01/24/what-we-look-for-in-a-candidate.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The process of evaluating resumes is often a mystery for most job
candidates as few hiring managers publicly disclose their methods.
This article explains how a small startup, which primarily hires for
infra and ML roles, approaches the hiring process. It delves into what
recruiters look for in a candidate and more specifically, what they
look for in resumes. The article provides a recruiter's perspective on
how to improve resumes. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COMPUTER-GENERATED HANDWRITING DEMO OFFERS DEEPFAKES FOR SCRAWL (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/01/computer-generated-handwriting-demo-offers-deepfakes-for-scrawl/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


calligrapher.ai is a site where anyone can simulate handwriting with a
neural network that runs in a browser via JavaScript. 

UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS WILL OFFER LARGE-SCALE ONLINE MASTER‚ÄôS DEGREE IN
AI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/5dgFD?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tuition will be about $10,000 for the University of Texas' online
master's program in artificial intelligence. 

NEXT RUST COMPILER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://matklad.github.io/2023/01/25/next-rust-compiler.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Thoughts on what an awesome Rust compiler would do. 

HERE IS A VERY SIMPLE INTRODUCTION TO EMBEDDINGS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/CohereAI/status/1618237043116593152?s=20&t=dKwdFmWoq1_1so4MYxkIQA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A word embedding is a technique used to help computers understand
human language by assigning words to numbers. 

A NEW AI-POWERED GENE-EDITING TECHNIQUE COULD BE SET TO REPLACE CRISPR
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/ai-dna-editing-zinc-fingers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have used AI to develop simple and modifiable proteins
called 'zinc fingers' that can edit DNA by attaching to transcription
factors and directing them to specific regions of genes that need
regulation. 

SMARTPHONE SHIPMENTS PLUNGE TO A LOW NOT SEEN SINCE 2013 ‚Äî THEIR
LARGEST EVER DECLINE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/26/apple-retains-top-smartphone-spot-as-global-shipments-fall-to-2013-low.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A total of 1.21 billion smartphones were shipped in 2022, the lowest
annual shipment total since 2013. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

FLIGHTCONTROL - DEVELOPER ADVOCATE/EDUCATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $110000 -
$145000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/developer-advocate%2Feducator-at-a-calm%2C-ambitious-devtools-startup/220]


Flightcontrol is hiring a Developer Advocate/Educator to create and
distribute compelling technical content, including documentation,
education, guides, demos, and videos. 

XCELASTREAM INC. - SENIOR LINUX SOFTWARE SYSTEM ENGINEER (MANASSAS,
VIRGINIA, $140000 - $170000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-linux-software-system-engineer/218] 

XcelaStream Inc. is hiring a Senior Linux Software System Engineer to
be part of a team responsible for developing and maintaining a
Linux-based system. 

SAAS.GROUP - PRODUCT MARKETING SPECIALIST (FULLY REMOTE, $60000 -
$70000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-marketing-specialist-(scraperapi)/216]


saas.group is a third party recruiter hiring for a Product Marketing
Specialist to lead ScraperAPI‚Äôs marketing efforts. ScraperAPI is a
popular web scraping tool that simplifies web scraping in a way that
minimizes the need for coding. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a69f9490-9e16-11ed-af6f-53ba9a1a0182&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674817240&t=1674821245&s=2085f6a35438e2c80b54f3f37e72efb277b2deb1f6422fa5186475433cebe1e0].


¬†