# Articles TLDR 27-09-2023

OpenAI is reportedly in discussions to sell shares¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2c5bb2e6-5d0f-11ee-ad1f-4d7629470caf&pt=campaign&t=1695811476&s=835185e45f50ea8debe28d3484205397bf8f130d9b1af13fbce5e3a2ad4ab4f0]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]

TLDR 2023-09-27

üÜï¬†2023 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING BENCHMARKS REPORT REVEALS THAT
STARTUPS DEPLOY CODE 18% FASTER THAN ENTERPRISES (SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]

LinearB‚Äôs new and expanded Software Engineering Benchmarks
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]
report is out! This report benchmarks critical engineering metrics
from 2,000+ development teams and 3.6 million pull requests.
Here‚Äôs what the data reveals:

	* Enterprises have an average deploy time 2x higher
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]
than startups and scaleups.
	* Startups and scale-ups deploy code 18% faster than enterprises
	* Teams with higher merge frequencies have shorter cycle times.
	* Startups typically work longer hours
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report].
	* Many additional insights
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]

"Essential insights into how engineering teams continue to evolve‚Äù
‚Äî Nathen Harvey, Head of Google's DORA team

Download the full report free, here üëâ¬†2023 Software Engineering
Benchmarks üì•
[https://linearb.io/resources/software-engineering-benchmarks-report?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+Benchmarks+Report]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT IS GOING NUCLEAR TO POWER ITS AI AMBITIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/26/23889956/microsoft-next-generation-nuclear-energy-smr-job-hiring?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft plans to use next-generation nuclear reactors to power its
data centers and AI ambitions. It has posted a job listing for a
principal program manager to lead its nuclear energy strategy. Data
centers use a ton of energy. Nuclear technology can provide the clean
energy required for the company to hit its climate goals. Microsoft is
specifically looking for someone who can roll out a plan for small
modular reactors.

OPENAI IS REPORTEDLY RAISING FUNDS AT A VALUATION OF $80 BILLION TO
$90 BILLION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/26/openai-is-reportedly-raising-funds-at-a-valuation-of-80-billion-to-90-billion/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is reportedly in discussions to sell shares. The sale could
boost its valuation from $29 billion to over $80 billion. Employees
will be allowed to sell existing shares. OpenAI said in late August
that it expected to reach $1 billion in revenue this year.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FARMERS TURN TO TECH AS BEES STRUGGLE TO POLLINATE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/business-66807456?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

BloomX, an Israeli tech firm, has created a plant-pollinating machine
that works by dislodging pollen. The mechanism is similar to how bees
pollinate plants. BloomX aims to reduce farmers' dependence on
commercial honeybees. Bees are said to account for 75% of the
pollination of fruits, nuts, and vegetables in the US, but their
populations are under pressure due to climate change, habitat loss,
and the use of pesticides.

ARRAY LABS: 3D MAPPING EARTH FROM SPACE (78 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/array-labs-3d-mapping-earth-from?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A real-time 3D map of the world is the Holy Grail of Earth
Observation. Such a map would enable new applications and technologies
and improve climate monitoring, disaster response, construction
management, and urban planning. It could confer significant strategic
and economic advantages to whoever possesses it. This article looks at
Array Labs, a company that thinks that it is time to build the map,
and the technology required to build it.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

WHY ARE CLOUD DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENTS SPIKING IN POPULARITY, NOW? (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/why-are-cloud-development-environments-spiking-in-popularity-now/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Cloud Development Environments (CDEs) are spiking in popularity. This
article looks at why CDEs are trending and what startups should look
for in the space. CDEs are gaining popularity because codebases are
getting larger, monorepos are getting more popular, laptop power is
plateauing, connections are improving, and due to remote work. If the
industry continues on this trend, most developers at large and
mid-sized tech companies may be building software on remote machines
within two to three years.

VIZRO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Vizro is a toolkit for creating modular data visualization
applications. It enables users to create customized dashboards in
minutes without the need for advanced coding or design experience.
Vizro supports configurations written in Pydantic models, JSON, YAML,
Python dictionaries, and more. Extensions are available.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

FTC FILES ‚ÄúTHE BIG ONE,‚Äù A LAWSUIT ALLEGING AMAZON ILLEGALLY
MAINTAINS MONOPOLY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/09/ftc-files-the-big-one-a-lawsuit-alleging-amazon-illegally-maintains-monopoly/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The FTC and 17 state attorneys general are suing Amazon, claiming that
the company illegally maintains monopoly power. They claim that Amazon
uses a set of punitive and coercive tactics to unlawfully maintain its
monopolies. The lawsuit aims to hold Amazon accountable for its
practices and restore competition. It could result in the breaking up
of the company. Amazon claims that the lawsuit is wrong on the facts
and the law.

ASK HN: TIPS FOR SOLOPRENEUR? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37662937]

This Hacker News thread discusses how to navigate the startup space as
a solopreneur. It covers how to sell a one-person team, setting
appropriate milestones, marketing, raising funds, and the importance
of location. Being on your own brings unique problems, for example,
the company's success and existence depends entirely on one person,
and that increases risk for potential investors. Some investors might
see a one-person company as a red flag as they may question why the
company hasn't hired any employees.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

APPLE DEFENDS GOOGLE SEARCH DEAL IN COURT: ‚ÄòTHERE WASN‚ÄôT A VALID
ALTERNATIVE‚Äô (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/26/23891037/apple-eddy-cue-testimony-us-google?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple says it made Google the default search engine because it
believes it was the best choice.

BUN: LESSONS FROM DISRUPTING A TECH ECOSYSTEM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/bun-lessons-from-disrupting/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Large companies have some motivation to innovate, but also a strong
disincentive as well, as innovation risks undermining existing
products - Bun started with a clean slate and it can make decisions
that Node doesn't have the luxury of making.

IS THIS THE PRODUCTION TESLA CYBERTRUCK? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/09/26/production-tesla-cybertruck/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A recent drone video shows new Cybertrucks coming out of Gigafactory
Texas - the video is available in the article.

DOOM DEVELOPER JOHN CARMACK THINKS ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE IS
DOABLE BY 2030 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/26/john_carmack_agi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

John Carmack says that the present state of AI might only be possible
due to his work on Quake as the game sparked the demand for GPUs.

JEFF BEZOS' BLUE ORIGIN TO REPLACE CEO BOB SMITH WITH OUTGOING AMAZON
EXEC DAVE LIMP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/25/blue-origin-ceo-bob-smith-out-replaced-by-outgoing-amazon-exec-dave-limp.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bob Smith will remain with Blue Origin until January 2, after which
Dave Limp will take over.

MULTI-MODAL AI IS A UX PROBLEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/multi-modal-ai-is-a-ux-problem?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There's a huge opportunity to develop the user experience for
multimodal AI.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2c5bb2e6-5d0f-11ee-ad1f-4d7629470caf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695808817&t=1695811476&s=52ff760cc3b2a0a188b51e7156c4496b3f603cd96b13a32bf4df14419e380128].