# Articles TLDR 03-04-2023

Twitter has released the code for its tweet recommendation algorithm
on GitHub.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=765b88ac-d1e2-11ed-8cbe-175e58cbafe5&pt=campaign&t=1680519532&s=65210f78bf729ce90c9c49cbf7d708f77d0029998c978ff4cded4acb5f8841d5]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-03

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TWITTER POSTS THE CODE IT CLAIMS DETERMINES WHICH TWEETS PEOPLE SEE,
AND WHY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/twitter-posts-the-code-it-claims-determines-which-tweets-people-see-and-why/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter has released the code for its tweet recommendation algorithm
on GitHub. The code offers insight into the indicators that determine
whether a tweet will appear on user timelines or not. It is designed
to give more prominent placement to tweets that have a higher
probability of engagement. Some developers who have reviewed the code
have already flagged concerns. Twitter plans to unverify legacy users
in favor of Twitter Blue subscribers. Checkmarks of different colors
will be available to those connected to governments and organizations.
Only individuals paying for Twitter Blue will be prioritized in
conversations on the platform. 

GOOGLE CEO SUNDAR PICHAI ON THE AI MOMENT: ‚ÄòYOU WILL SEE US BE
BOLD‚Äô (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/OUG3T?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google CEO Sundar Pichai has been pushing for an AI revolution since
becoming CEO. He declared that Google was an 'AI-first' company back
in 2016. Google's lack of involvement in AI's 'big moment' made the
company appear sluggish and vulnerable. Despite this, Pichai, in his
first extended interview since ChatGPT's launch, expressed his
happiness that AI was having its moment. He also remains optimistic
about the state of the AI race, while also having some concerns. More
highlights from the interview can be found in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FIVE YEARS OF GPT PROGRESS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://finbarr.ca/five-years-of-gpt-progress/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article provides an overview of the history of Generative
Pre-trained Transformer (GPT) work, with a focus on the latest
state-of-the-art models and their differences. It highlights the GPT
research that is currently driving significant developments in the
field, skipping over earlier work such as n-gram models from the 2000s
and BERT. The article includes links to various resources on the
topic. 

TODAY'S OLD FOLKS SET TO SMASH THROUGH LONGEVITY RECORDS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/03/31/age_longevity_records/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new study suggests that people born between 1910 and 1950 have the
potential to expand the 'human mortality plateau', the point at which
life expectancy typically levels off, by a decade. The plateau has
been relatively unchanged for centuries. The first increase was
observed in the second half of the 19th century, when the plateau
jumped by five years, likely due to improvements in public health and
medical technology. The study indicates that the human body's true
biological limit has still not been reached. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TRURL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/curl/urler?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

trurl is a command-line tool for parsing and manipulating URLs. It
allows the user to modify an URL in a number of ways, including
changing the scheme, setting the host and port, appending new path or
query parameters, and extracting specific parts of the URL. trurl can
be a helpful tool for anyone who works with URLs regularly. 

ORBSTACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/orbstack/orbstack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OrbStack provides a quick and easy way to run Docker containers and
Linux machines on macOS. It features effortless integration, two-way
command-line access, file sharing, VPN and remote VS Code support, and
SSH agent forwarding. Demos are available on the OrbStack website. 

YOUR COMPUTE IS NEAR YOUR USERS, PUT YOUR DATA THERE TOO (SPONSOR)
[https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=pblaunch]


Turso
[https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=pblaunch]
is a SQLite-compatible database, built by the team behind the popular
open source library libSQL [https://github.com/libsql/libsql] to
minimize query latency for a distributed user base.
Develop with SQLite locally, and effortlessly push into production
around the world. Get started with Turso now
[https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=pblaunch].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GPT-4 IS A REASONING ENGINE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/chain-of-thought/gpt-4-is-a-reasoning-engine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The key components of thinking are reasoning and knowledge. Without
reasoning, knowledge is useless, and without knowledge, reasoning can
become a confident fabrication. The AI models we have today are
limited by their lack of knowledge, even though they are trained on
vast amounts of data. They are primarily reasoning engines, not
knowledge databases. The progress of AI will likely be driven by its
ability to access relevant knowledge in real-time. 

HE WHO SUBMITS A RESUME HAS ALREADY LOST (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.residentcontrarian.com/p/he-who-submits-a-resume-has-already?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The resume-first hiring process primarily benefits the employer. All
of the obligations are on the applicant's side and there are no
guarantees of any benefit. Applicants are often left waiting,
uncertain, and without even a rejection email. The normal resume-first
process is a lottery, with resumes functioning as raffle tickets to
access the actual hiring process. Many people take networking
seriously as it is often the best way to find a good job. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LEAKED MEMO: GOOGLE ANNOUNCES COST-CUTTING MEASURES ACROSS THE COMPANY
(8 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/M3lqb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google will cut back on employee perks, reduce hours in some office
cafes, and consolidate some of its microkitchens. 

AUTO-GPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/torantulino/Auto-GPT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Auto-GPT is an experiment in running GPT-4 autonomously with a focus
on developing and managing businesses to increase net worth. 

MIT TURBOCHARGES PYTHON‚ÄôS NOTORIOUSLY SLOW COMPILER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/python-compiler?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

MIT's Codon compiler allows users to write Python code that runs as
efficiently as code compiled in C or C++. 

META STOPS OFFERING REMOTE WORK IN NEW JOB POSTINGS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/vK1H9#selection-1959.0-1959.157?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has told its managers to stop posting jobs that allow remote
work. 

HUMANNESS IN THE AGE OF AI (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://worldcoin.org/blog/engineering/humanness-in-the-age-of-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There is now no reliable way to verify humanness online. 

DETECT-SECRETS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Yelp/detect-secrets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This package is for detecting secrets within a code base, designed
with the enterprise client in mind. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

JUSTWORKS - STAFF SECURITY ENGINEER AND ARCHITECT (UNITED STATES,
$220,000 - $234,997)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/staff-security-engineer-and-architect/470] 

Justworks is hiring a Staff Security Engineer and Architect to provide
security architecture and engineering guidance, lead technical design
reviews, define secure SDLC principles, and more, for a company that
helps businesses get off the ground by enabling them to focus on
running their business. 

PATHAI - SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 - $180,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/site-reliability-engineer/472] 

PathAI is hiring a Site Reliability Engineer to be responsible for
designing, building, and operating a hybrid cloud/on-prem environment
for a company on a mission to improve patient outcomes with AI-powered
pathology. 

IQ - FULL STACK DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-developer/463] 

iQ is hiring a Full Stack Developer to create new web-based products
and services for a company that offers SaaS, DevOps, and consulting
for the domain industry. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=765b88ac-d1e2-11ed-8cbe-175e58cbafe5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680516020&t=1680519532&s=5483ce00ecfaaad592454fde35531f1ac7d10ee273def862fc4bd0d37a799d44].


¬†