# Articles TLDR 12-09-2023

Walter Isaacsons biography of Elon Musk is set to be published
today.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e3201140-513c-11ee-94e3-439fea5295e0&pt=campaign&t=1694515569&s=c63ca38bdc6e1ace70f3fad8a13875fd731f5d12fb79c3c46d7836c6156d38b4]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-09-12

TRUST, AUTOMATED. (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Developers want to build products, not tinker with screenshots and
spreadsheets for audits. Luckily, Drata's platform experience
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
is designed by security and compliance experts so you don't have to be
one.
It‚Äôs 3 simple steps
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_nonehttps://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
to get compliant, and stay compliant, no matter how complex your
environment gets:

üîå CONNECT: Easily integrate your tech stack with Drata.

‚öôÔ∏è CONFIGURE: Pre-map auditor validated controls.

‚úÖ COMPLY: Automate evidence collection and stay audit-ready.

Time to put compliance on autopilot and get back to building. Start
with 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK MOVING SERVERS HIMSELF SHOWS HIS ‚ÄòMANIACAL SENSE OF
URGENCY‚Äô AT X, FORMERLY TWITTER (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/11/elon-musk-moved-twitter-servers-himself-in-the-night-new-biography-details-his-maniacal-sense-of-urgency.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Walter Isaacson's biography of Elon Musk is set to be published today.
This article contains a story adapted from the book about how X moved
its server farms from Sacramento to Portland. Musk's advisors told him
that it would take many months to move the servers, but Musk decided
that they were wrong and opted to move the servers using cheap
contractors. They managed to move the servers in under a week, but the
exercise destabilized X for the next two months. Musk later admitted
that the rushed move was a mistake.

NVIDIA SAYS NEW SOFTWARE WILL DOUBLE LLM INFERENCE SPEED ON H100 GPU
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.crn.com/news/components-peripherals/nvidia-says-new-software-will-double-llm-inference-speed-on-h100-gpu?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nvidia says that TensorRT-LLM, an open source software library, will
double the H100's performance for running inference on leading large
language models. The software is now available in early access. It
will be integrated into the Nvidia NeMo LLM framework as part of the
Nvidia AI Enterprise software suite when it is released to the public
next month. TensorRT-LLM will also support Nvidia's A100, L4, L40,
L40, and Grace Hopper Superchip GPUs.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS FIGURED OUT HOW TO WRITE IN WATER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/09/scientists-figured-out-how-to-write-in-water/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of German physicists has figured out a method for writing on
water. The method involves putting ink directly into water using a
microbead made of an ion-exchange material as a pen. The bead writes
by altering the local pH value of the water, attracting ink particles
to those areas. The method is at a proof of concept stage - future
iterations may be able to generate highly complex patterns in fluids.
Examples of images drawn in water using the method are available in
the article.

WI-FI CAN READ THROUGH WALLS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.ucsb.edu/2023/021198/wifi-can-read-through-walls?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers from UC Santa Barbara have developed a technique that can
read letters through walls with Wi-Fi. The technique focuses on
tracing the edges of objects. It is able to capture details not
previously possible with other Wi-Fi imaging techniques. The approach
may open up new directions for Wi-Fi imaging.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

WINDOWS SERVER 2012 CHEATSHEET BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/monitoring-windows-server-2012-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-windows-cheatsheet]

If you‚Äôre using Windows Server 2012, you know that surfacing
resource utilization data isn‚Äôt always easy. With Datadog‚Äôs handy
cheatsheet
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/monitoring-windows-server-2012-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-windows-cheatsheet],
you‚Äôll learn how to:

	* Query performance counters with powershell
	* Programmatically track running services
	* Query the Event Log from the command line
	* Explore key Windows Server 2012 metrics with Datadog

Get the cheatsheet for free üì©
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/monitoring-windows-server-2012-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-windows-cheatsheet]

DOMAIN REGISTRARS WHICH DEVELOPERS RECOMMEND (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/domain-registrars-which-developers-recommend/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google Domains was one of the most popular domain registrars, with 10
million domains registered globally. Users who do nothing will be
migrated to Squarespace. Domain names are easily transferable, so
users have a choice of where to transfer their domains to. This
article looks at which domain registrars other techies recommend. It
provides an overview of each registrar with an analysis of their
offerings.

7 SIMPLE HABITS OF THE TOP 1% OF ENGINEERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/7-simple-habits-of-the-top-1-of-engineers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the habits of successful engineers and explains
how these habits make those engineers more successful. Examples
include sticking to a consistent standard and style of coding to make
code easier to read and understand, deep domain knowledge in at least
one field, and good self-marketing. The article delves deep into
coding habits and how to write good code.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY THERE‚ÄôS NEVER BEEN A BETTER TIME TO BE A CREATOR (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/09/09/the-only-thing-which-has-failed-about-the-creator-economy-thus-far-is-venture-capitals-attempts-to-get-their-piece-why-theres-never-been-a-better-time-to-be-a-creator/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The health of the creator economy is judged by the likelihood of
someone being able to earn a minimum viable living through being
creative. There has never been a better time for creators to be
creators. While it may be harder than ever for a creative to earn
millions every year, it's easier than ever to make $50,000. Technology
has driven the costs of tools down and platforms make it easy to
monetize content. It may still not be easy, but there has never been a
better time to try.

WHY NVIDIA‚ÄôS AI SUPREMACY IS ONLY TEMPORARY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://petewarden.com/2023/09/10/why-nvidias-ai-supremacy-is-only-temporary/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nvidia's top spot in the AI world is far from secure. It is currently
winning as almost nobody is running large machine learning apps, the
competition hasn't matured, researchers have the purchasing power, and
because of the focus on training models. In the near future, inference
with CPUs will dominate over training with GPUs, engineers will have
more purchasing power, and the focus will be on application costs. The
winners of this shift will likely be traditional CPU platforms like
x86 and Arm.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

A SIMPLER WAY TO IMPORT CSVS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=]

Still fixing your customers‚Äô data manually? With OneSchema, you
could have frictionless CSV import as early as tomorrow. ‚ÄúCustomer
onboarding is 10x faster.‚Äù ‚Äî Senior Product Manager @ Foodics.
Solve CSV import with OneSchema
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=]

AWESOME BUN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/oven-sh/awesome-bun?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This repository contains a curated list of resources related to Bun,
an incredibly fast JavaScript runtime, bundler, transpiler, and
package manager all in one.

ANCIENT SUPERVOLCANO IN US MAY HIDE LARGEST LITHIUM DEPOSIT EVER FOUND
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/ancient-supervolcano-in-us-may-hide-largest-lithium-deposit-ever-found?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The McDermitt Caldera could contain around 20 to 40 million metric
tons of lithium.

ASK HN: WHY DID VISUAL BASIC DIE? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37470318]

There were many factors contributing to Visual Basic's demise, but the
main factor was the introduction of the web and how Microsoft handled
it.

E2EE ON THE WEB: ISOLATING PLAINTEXT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://emilymstark.com/2023/09/09/e2ee-on-the-web-isolating-plaintext.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

It would be better to improve code integrity/provenance/auditability
for end-to-end encrypted web applications rather than trying to
isolate plain text from application code.

VALE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/errata-ai/vale?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Vale is a cross-platform and highly customizable command-line tool
that brings code-like linting to prose.

BILL GATES AND ELON MUSK: AN EXCERPT FROM WALTER ISAACSON‚ÄôS NEW
BIOGRAPHY OF MUSK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/10/bill-gates-and-elon-musk-an-excerpt-from-walter-isaacson-musk-bio.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A look at the relationship between two people who have both held the
title of 'Richest Person in the World'.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e3201140-513c-11ee-94e3-439fea5295e0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694512934&t=1694515569&s=256c8386983b95065bf61a9cc37bc21d647550a6112fe8386192e75e8b5af0b6].