# Articles TLDR 31-01-2023

Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that Apple will launch a foldable iPad with
a carbon fiber kickstand in 2024.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6f3f7866-a132-11ed-b59e-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&t=1675166878&s=ece447f92999add67cd9bc6a842d530389f634170a17ba15e2c97a50f57c2b93]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-31

HIRE THROUGH TLDR'S FREE JOB BOARD (SPONSOR)
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

If you're looking to hire top technical talent, sign up for our free
job board. Thousands of engineers, designers, and other tech workers
visit the job board each day, and I will be curating the most
interesting job listings to showcase in the Jobs section below. Sign
up here. [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

KUO: APPLE TO RELEASE FOLDABLE IPAD WITH CARBON FIBER KICKSTAND IN
2024 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/01/30/foldable-ipad-kickstand-2024/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo says that Apple will launch a foldable iPad with
a carbon fiber kickstand in 2024. There will be no other major iPad
releases in the next nine to 12 months. iPad shipments are expected to
decline in 2023. Apple is likely using the foldable iPad as a practice
run before adopting the technology on the iPhone. 

SAMSUNG GALAXY S23 SPECS, FEATURES AND COLORS LEAKED IN AT&T LISTING
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/samsung-galaxy-s23-specs-features-colors-leak-at-t-listing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Samsung will unveil the Samsung S23 handset at its Unpacked event on
February 1. An AT&T store in Atlanta posted images of the phone along
with details on its website on Monday. The Samsung S23 will be
available in four colors: green, creme, lavender, and a 'Phantom'
grayish/black. It features an 'automatic adaptive 6.6-inch display', a
50 MP camera with 'Advance Nightography' technology, water resistance,
a long-lasting battery, wireless fast charging, and noise
cancellation. A screenshot of the AT&T store page is available in the
article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS RARE ASTEROID MAY BE WORTH 70,000 TIMES THE GLOBAL ECONOMY. NOW
NASA IS SENDING A SPACESHIP TO EXPLORE IT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://robbreport.com/motors/aviation/nasa-voyage-rare-16-psyche-asteroid-1234797211/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


16 Psyche is a giant M-Type asteroid thought to be the partial core of
a small planet that failed to fully form. NASA is planning to launch a
spacecraft towards the asteroid in October. If on schedule, the Psyche
spacecraft should reach the asteroid in August 2029. Studies suggest
that 16 Psyche may be made almost entirely of iron and nickel. The
iron alone could be worth as much as $10 quintillion. The Psyche
mission will determine 16 Psyche's composition. 

CARGO AIRSHIPS COULD BE BIG (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.elidourado.com/p/cargo-airships?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Demand for passenger airships was always going to go to zero as
airplanes are much faster. However, freight doesn't require such
speed. Airships could be a viable option for shipping containers. The
concept is promising, but it also faces numerous challenges. This
article discusses how cargo airships could work, their benefits, the
potential market size, and potential issues. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

FROM ZERO TO RESEARCH SCIENTIST FULL RESOURCES GUIDE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ahmedbahaaeldin/From-0-to-Research-Scientist-resources-guide?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a list of resources for anyone with a basic
programming language or computer science background interested in
becoming a research scientist with Deep Learning and Natural Language
Processing. The list covers machine learning, deep learning,
reinforcement learning, natural language processing, and mathematical
foundations such as linear algebra, probability, calculus, and
optimization theory. Each resource has a difficulty rating. 

UPTIME, STATUS PAGES, AND TRANSPARENCY CALCULUS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.lawrencejones.dev/status-pages/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many large service providers' status pages are constantly evergreen,
despite actually having widespread issues and outages. While showing
almost constant uptime may be strange, the primary purpose of the
number is to convey to customers whether they'll be receiving refunds.
There are many incentives against companies providing transparent,
prompt communication and accurate uptime reporting. For example,
service level agreements often have companies committing to a high
level of uptime. If this is breached, customers are entitled to
compensation. 

CONNECT TO YOUR CLOUD RESOURCES WITH TAILSCALE (SPONSOR)
[https://tailscale.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-1-31&utm_content=brand]


Spend more time coding and less time troubleshooting with Tailscale.
Now you can connect directly to cloud resources, containers, or
virtual machines like they‚Äôre on your local network, or connect to
an entire VPC using a subnet router. Check out Tailscale today
[https://tailscale.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-1-31&utm_content=brand],
it‚Äôs free. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO FIND YOUR BLIND SPOTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zeptonaut.com/posts/find-your-blind-spots/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many skills have a saying among experts similar to 'the key to drawing
well is learning to see well'. The ability to debug why things really
go wrong is absolutely crucial to improving at things. The bias to
blame failures on the most proximal cause of a problem rather than
finding the most important cause is harmful. This article discusses
strategies to become better at debugging failures. 

ELON MUSK PUSHES FORWARD WITH TWITTER PAYMENTS VISION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ukO06?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Twitter has applied for regulatory licenses to process payments across
the US and is creating payments software for its platform. Elon Musk
has previously suggested offering fintech services like peer-to-peer
transactions, savings accounts, and debit cards. Twitter registered
with the US Treasury in November as a payments processor and is now
applying for the state licenses necessary for launch. It aims to have
US licensing completed within a year and to expand internationally. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHINA'S BIGGEST SEARCH ENGINE IS TO SET LAUNCH A CHATGPT RIVAL IN
MARCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/chinas-baidu-is-adding-a-chatgpt-type-bot-to-its-search-engine-110452638.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Baidu plans to launch an AI service powered by its Ernie system that
offers conversational results comparable to ChatGPT. 

COOL THINGS THAT HAPPENED AT SCALE AI'S GENERATIVE AI HACKATHON (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/alexandr_wang/status/1619893376589139972?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A list of the most interesting projects built by the ~300 hackers that
attended Scale AI's Generative AI hackathon last week. 

TAG SYSTEMS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/tag-systems/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A blog post on tag systems that focuses on their design. 

IDEAS TO EXPLORE ‚Äî JANUARY 2023 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kermankohli.substack.com/p/ideas-to-explore-january-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A list of ideas that can be applied to both work and personal life. 

EXHAUSTIVE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lukemorales/exhaustive?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Exhaustive provides exhaustiveness checking in TypeScript with helpful
type inference to ensure all cases are covered. 

THE GENERATIVE AI REVOLUTION HAS BEGUN‚ÄîHOW DID WE GET HERE? (24
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/01/the-generative-ai-revolution-has-begun-how-did-we-get-here/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The current cycle of AI breakthroughs is being fuelled by a new class
of models that are extremely flexible and adaptable. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

KARA - HEAD OF ENGINEERING (FOUNDING ENGINEER) (UNITED STATES, $120000
- $170000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-engineering-(founding-engineer)/237] 

Kara is hiring a Head of Engineering to create a platform that
empowers investors and technology companies to measure and track their
ESG and impact performance, enabling them to achieve their climate and
social goals. 

AREA 17 - BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR (BROOKLYN, NEW YORK, $130000 -
$155000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/business-development-director/238] 

AREA 17 is hiring a Business Development Director to create digital
brand and products to ensure a more open, resilient, and optimistic
world. 

SENSEVEN - FULL STACK DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $60000 - $70000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-developer/232] 

Senseven is hiring a Full Stack Developer to further develop a digital
inspection system that allows manufacturing companies to inspect their
equipment themselves and increase efficiency. 

EMOTECH LTD - FULL-STACK DEVELOPER (UNITED KINGDOM, $50000 - $80000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-developer/235] 

Emotech LTD is hiring a Full-Stack Developer to develop multi-modality
AI, multilingual speech, and multimodal solutions in collaboration
with renowned universities. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6f3f7866-a132-11ed-b59e-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675162839&t=1675166878&s=7ece038e05209342849d6f220be29934a56fff50486efc4ca17da3ab5eccbbf0].


¬†