# Articles TLDR 20-04-2023

Stability AI has released a suite of open-source large language
models.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0733f1d8-df4a-11ed-9392-019c993c08c1&pt=campaign&t=1681988506&s=bc0f826bb1ad6403ce71fed4cc1488f5e755d0a6f37a4c2204e288768af46f5a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/events/2023-summer-series/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid+Referral-TLDR-2023-Summer-Series]

TLDR 2023-04-20

WORKSHOP SERIES FOR ENGINEERING EXECUTIVES BY LINEARB (SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/events/2023-summer-series/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid+Referral-TLDR-2023-Summer-Series]


BENCHMARK > AUTOMATE > IMPROVE: a 3-part workshop series
[https://linearb.io/events/2023-summer-series/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid+Referral-TLDR-2023-Summer-Series]
for engineering leaders that focuses on how elite engineering teams
are increasing their efficiency in today‚Äôs down market.¬†
This formula for scaling dev efficiency results in an average 47%
decrease in cycle time.

How does it work? We‚Äôll show you how to benchmark your metrics
against the industry, apply automation that removes bottlenecks, and
gain holistic visibility into your resource allocation.

Join us for one or all three workshops in this upcoming summer series
from LinearB.
[https://linearb.io/events/2023-summer-series/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid+Referral-TLDR-2023-Summer-Series]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

STABILITY AI ANNOUNCES NEW OPEN-SOURCE LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/19/23689883/stability-ai-open-source-large-language-model-stablelm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stability AI has released a suite of open-source large language
models. StableLM is designed to generate text and code. It is trained
on a range of sources that includes Wikipedia, Stack Exchange, and
PubMed. A link to a demo of StableLM is available in the article. 

SPACEX READIES FOR ANOTHER ATTEMPT TO LAUNCH STARSHIP, THE MOST
POWERFUL ROCKET EVER BUILT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/04/19/world/spacex-starship-second-launch-attempt-preview-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX may attempt another test flight of Starship as early as today
during an hour-long launch window that opens up at 9:28 am ET.
Starship is already in position for liftoff. The livestream will start
45 minutes before the launch. SpaceX's first attempt to launch
Starship was halted due to a problem with a valve that created
pressurization issues. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A PETER THIEL-BACKED STARTUP CITY WANTS TO BE AFRICA‚ÄôS DELAWARE (14
MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/e7PFs#selection-1783.6-1793.232?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Itana is an aspiring tech hub that aims to host Nigeria's internet
workers and help nurture a new generation of tech unicorns. The city's
investors include Peter Thiel, the Charter Cities Institute, and
Binance. While Nigerian companies pulled in close to $1 billion in VC
funding in 2022, many startups still struggle with a lack of basic
infrastructure and an ongoing brain drain of educated individuals
leaving the country. The project's goal is to make investors feel more
comfortable investing in Africa and to allow African tech companies to
scale globally. 

BUILDING TELESCOPES ON THE MOON IS BECOMING AN ACHIEVABLE GOAL (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/building-telescopes-on-the-moon-is-becoming-an-achievable-goal/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dozens of missions are set to visit the Moon by the end of this
decade. These missions will benefit many fields of science. The Moon's
dark side is the only location in the whole solar system that
permanently faces away from the Earth, making it ideally suited for
radio astronomy. A telescope on the Moon would be free from
interference and be able to probe the structure of the early Universe.


üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GRIPTAPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/griptape-ai/griptape?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

griptape is a modular Python framework for LLM workflows, tools,
memory, and data. It can be used to build sequential LLM pipelines and
sprawling DAG workflows, augment LLMs with chain of thought
capabilities and external tools, and add memory to AI pipelines. 

INTRODUCING NPM PACKAGE PROVENANCE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-04-19-introducing-npm-package-provenance/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Developers building npm projects on GitHub Actions can now publish
provenance alongside their packages. The --provenance flag gives
consumers a verifiable way to link packages back to their source
repository and the specific build instructions used to publish it.
There are a growing number of instances where attackers attempt to
inject malicious code into projects by directly compromising popular
dependencies. Provenance allows developers to ensure the integrity of
their software supply chain. 

GET TO 80% AUTOMATED TEST COVERAGE IN WEEKS. AND STAY THERE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement04202023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


In-house QA can take years to scale. QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement04202023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets web apps to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in weeks ‚Äî
with unlimited, parallel runs and a Zero Flake Guarantee
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement04202023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].
Learn how the magic happens: read customer stories
[https://www.qawolf.com/case-studies?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement04202023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
or request a 90-day pilot
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement04202023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE COMPLETE BEGINNERS GUIDE TO AUTONOMOUS AGENTS (35 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mattprd.com/p/the-complete-beginners-guide-to-autonomous-agents?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Autonomous Agents are AIs that can create their own tasks based on an
objective, complete them, and continue to create new tasks for
themselves to complete until the objective is met. The topic of
Autonomous Agents is the fastest-growing trend amongst AI developers.
This article looks at what Autonomous Agents are, how they work, how
to build them, and how to meet other people interested in Autonomous
Agents. Autonomous Agents could trigger exponential growth in
automation across many fields and industries once they become
reliable. 

THE UNDERGROUND ECONOMY OF COMPANY REVIEWS IS WELL AND TRULY ALIVE.
AND TODAY WE‚ÄôRE GOING TO FIND OUT HOW IT OPERATES. (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.careerfair.io/company-reviews?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Companies are paying for positive reviews on sites like Glassdoor.
This article looks at the underground economy that these review sites
have created. It covers how freelancers and larger online reputation
management companies operate and their strategies for navigating
content moderation policies. Companies have to try to control their
reputations otherwise their reputations could be controlled by
employees that had the worst possible experience. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON PREPS MANAGERS FOR EMPLOYEE PAY QUESTIONS AFTER STOCK DROPS (8
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/BqEj7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Amazon managers will stress the long-term value of stock and ownership
of work during annual employee compensation reviews. 

OFFLINE IS JUST ONLINE WITH EXTREME LATENCY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2023/offline-is-online-with-extreme-latency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Instead of running programs in the cloud, programs could run on local
devices and send data to the cloud for durability or accessibility. 

HOW TO TRAIN YOUR OWN LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.replit.com/llm-training?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article talks about how Replit trains large language models. 

CAN XI JINPING CONTROL AI WITHOUT CRUSHING IT? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/QQ3BZ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

China has proposed new rules to control generative AI, a technology
that is opening up new ways for information to spread. 

DINOV2: STATE-OF-THE-ART COMPUTER VISION MODELS WITH SELF-SUPERVISED
LEARNING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ai.facebook.com/blog/dino-v2-computer-vision-self-supervised-learning/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


DINOV2 is a new method for training high-performance computer vision
models that uses self-supervision, allowing it to learn from any
collection of images. 

TECHNIQUE REVERSES HEART ATTACK DAMAGE BY REPROGRAMMING SCAR CELLS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/medical/heart-attack-cellular-reprogramming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have discovered a technique that transforms scar tissue
into healthy tissue in mice, allowing them to reverse some of the
damage caused by heart attacks. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0733f1d8-df4a-11ed-9392-019c993c08c1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681984821&t=1681988506&s=c30fed4ac5e4be3da9f0e5b0d88bc007f603c8c6ba9f7933d5e00af20ddab17d].


¬†