# Articles TLDR 03-03-2023

Microsoft‚Äôs Bing chatbot has added a feature that lets users toggle
between different response tones¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=94895cce-b99a-11ed-a6b0-6d6c2a421b04&pt=campaign&t=1677845632&s=16606b0092cce26b3ce4506341dd098e0813168937e42f17a7d59a123659544b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://www.postman.com/explore/most-popular-apis-this-year?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter&utm_term=march_2023&utm_content=most_popular_apis]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-03

MOST POPULAR APIS THIS YEAR ‚Äî SEE THE COMPLETE LIST BY POSTMAN
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.postman.com/explore/most-popular-apis-this-year?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter&utm_term=march_2023&utm_content=most_popular_apis]


There are thousands of APIs that developers can use. Which are the
most popular?
To answer this question, Postman has compiled a list of the 25 most
popular APIs
[https://www.postman.com/explore/most-popular-apis-this-year?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter&utm_term=march_2023&utm_content=most_popular_apis]
in the Public API Network based on their quality and usage.
Salesforce, Twitter, and Notion lead the pack ‚Äî check out the rest
right here
[https://www.postman.com/explore/most-popular-apis-this-year?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter&utm_term=march_2023&utm_content=most_popular_apis].

You‚Äôre sure to find something interesting in this list. Have fun
exploring!
[https://www.postman.com/explore/most-popular-apis-this-year?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter&utm_term=march_2023&utm_content=most_popular_apis]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT NOW LETS YOU CHANGE BING‚ÄôS CHATBOT PERSONALITY TO BE MORE
ENTERTAINING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/2/23621772/microsoft-bing-ai-chatbot-personality-toggle?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft‚Äôs Bing chatbot has added a feature that lets users toggle
between different response tones: creative, balanced, and precise. The
balanced mode will be the default, providing a balance between
accuracy and creativity. The new chat modes are already available to
around 90 percent of Bing AI users. Microsoft has also issued an
update that will reduce cases of Bing‚Äôs unresponsiveness and
hallucinations in answers and added a shortcut to the Bing chatbot on
the Windows 11 taskbar. 

TESLA PLANS TO OFFER A $30 MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION FOR UNLIMITED
OVERNIGHT HOME CHARGING. IT WILL LAUNCH IN TEXAS BECAUSE THE WINDY
NIGHTS HELP GENERATE POWER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/IH4r6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tesla plans to offer a subscription service of $30 every month for
overnight home charging of electric vehicles in Texas, where windy
nights help generate sustainable energy. The service, which will be
part of Tesla Electric, is set to offer customers in Texas sustainable
energy plans starting in July. Customers usually spend around $56 per
month to charge their vehicles at home. Customers must have Tesla's
Powerwall energy-storage battery and reside in an approved location in
Texas to sign up for the plan. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FIGURE EMERGES FROM STEALTH WITH THE FIRST IMAGES OF ITS HUMANOID
ROBOT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/02/figure-emerges-from-stealth-with-the-first-images-of-its-humanoid-robot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Figure is a new startup that aims to build a general-purpose bipedal
humanoid robot. The company boasts a 40-strong team that includes
alumni from Boston Dynamics, Tesla, IHMC, Apple SPG, Alphabet X, and
Cruise. Figure believes that it can commercialize robots primarily
developed for R&D purposes over the last 20 years. The alpha version
of its robot was completed in December and is being tested at the
company's Sunnyvale offices. Figure is committed to a vision of
scalable horizontal hardware that can expand to many applications,
including for use in manufacturing, fulfillment, logistics, and
retail. 

JAPANESE COMPANY BRINGS ASTRONOMICALLY EXPENSIVE SPACE TOURISM WITHIN
REACH OF THE COMMON MASSES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/02/27/japanese-company-brings-astronomically-expensive-space-tourism-within-reach-of-the-common-masses/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Iwaya Giken, a start-up based in Sapporo, Japan, aims to make space
tourism available for everyone. It has developed a two-seater cabin
and a balloon that will rise 15 miles into the sky. The cabin can
carry one pilot and a passenger. The balloon, filled with helium gas,
will make the drum-shaped cabin rise up into the air, completing the
ascent in about two hours and staying there for an hour. It will then
descend for over an hour back to its point of origin. The company aims
to lower the boarding price tag from an initial $180,000 to a
five-figure cost. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

BLING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/TanStack/bling?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Bling is a tool that provides a set of transpilation utilities for use
with client/server remote procedure calls (RPCs), environment
isolation, module splitting, and more. It can create isomorphic
server-side RPCs, scope any expressions to the server-side bundle
only, create server-side only files, and code-split any asynchronous
function on both server and client side at build-time. 

CHATML AND THE CHATGPT API (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/chatml-chatgpt-api?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI recently launched the ChatGPT API. It is significantly cheaper
than its leading competitor, the text-davinci-003 model. Included in
the launch is the release of ChatML, a markup language utilized to
generate chat experiences via large language models. The ChatGPT API
requires structured input provided through ChatML, as opposed to
relying on unstructured text. ChatML is important because it is moving
the field towards structured input, its use indicates that there is
likely more orchestration in the background, and creating a language
could create lock-in and differentiate OpenAI from its competitors. 

TIME TO TAKE QA OFF YOUR PLATE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Developer03032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


In-house QA can take years to scale. QA Wolf will get you to 80%
automated end-to-end test coverage in 4 months
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Developer03032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter],
and keep you there. The unlimited, fully parallel tests run on their
infrastructure, and guarantees zero flakes. Written in Playwright so
there‚Äôs no vendor lock-in and integrated into your CI/CD. Start with
a risk free pilot
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Developer03032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LINUX DESKTOP POWERS CONSIDER UNITING FOR AN APP STORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/linux-desktop-powers-consider-uniting-for-an-app-store/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The GNOME Foundation, KDE Foundation, and Debian Linux are considering
building an app store on top of Flatpak, a universal Linux software
deployment and package management program. Flatpak can run on any
Linux distribution by containerizing applications with all the
necessary libraries and associated files. The new app store would not
only make it easier to find and install programs but will also replace
traditional ways of delivering Linux desktop apps. The proposal aims
to promote diversity and sustainability in the Linux desktop community
by adding payments, donations, and subscriptions to the app store on
Flatpak, making it more user and developer-friendly. 

Q&A ABOUT FTC PROPOSED RULE TO BAN NON-COMPETE RESTRICTIONS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/q-a-about-ftc-proposed-rule-to-ban-non-9122075/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Federal Trade Commission has proposed a new rule that would
prohibit most non-compete agreements between employers and workers.
The new rule includes restrictive non-disclosure agreements and
onerous training reimbursement provisions. The only exception to the
ban would be for those selling or disposing of a substantial ownership
interest in a business entity. Employers will have 180 days to rescind
existing non-competes and notify current and former employees of the
rescission. The Proposed Rule has received over 10,000 comments, with
many objections. This article contains a summary of the questions and
answers from a webinar hosted by BakerHostetler attorneys regarding
the new rules. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHAOS ENGINEERING IN API DEVELOPMENT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiremock.io/post/introducing-wiremock-chaos-api-mocking-meets-chaos-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news&utm_campaign=2&utm_term=tldr2]


In the real world, APIs break. WireMock's new Chaos feature lets you
simulate complex failure scenarios in your mocked APIs -- which helps
you build more resilient API dependencies.¬†Read the blog to learn how
it works (or try it for free)
[https://www.wiremock.io/post/introducing-wiremock-chaos-api-mocking-meets-chaos-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news&utm_campaign=2&utm_term=tldr2]


HARD TIMES AHEAD FOR THE AVERAGE PM & PM MANAGER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://manassaloi.com/2023/02/24/hard-times-ahead.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many managers will soon be questioned about their productivity and
whether their roles are necessary. 

HOW OPENAI CTO MIRA MURATI BECAME ONE OF TECH‚ÄôS MOST INFLUENTIAL
INNOVATORS (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/9t9gB#selection-1029.0-1036.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses Mira Murati's work with OpenAI, including the
company's efforts to commercialize its products and improve them
through human feedback. 

YOU DON'T NEED A BUILD STEP (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://deno.com/blog/you-dont-need-a-build-step?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Removing the build step allows developers to move faster, be more
productive, stay in flow for longer, and deploy faster. 

HUMAN AUGMENTATION WITH ROBOTIC BODY PARTS IS AT HAND, SAY SCIENTISTS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/mar/02/human-augmentation-with-robotic-body-parts-is-at-hand-say-scientists?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Robotic body parts could increase productivity and allow people to
more precisely control the things around them. 

AWS IS ASLEEP AT THE LAMBDA WHEEL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/aws-is-asleep-at-the-lambda-wheel/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lambda's managed runtimes are out of date and it is causing developers
to have to create their own solutions. 

A SENIOR ENGINEER'S GUIDE TO THE SYSTEM DESIGN INTERVIEW (19 MINUTE
READ)
[https://interviewing.io/guides/system-design-interview?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This guide teaches the most commonly discussed concepts in system
design interviews in depth to increase readers' odds of excelling
during an interview. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

CAKE - LEAD ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $150,000 - $200,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-engineer/357] 

Cake is hiring a Lead Engineer to build a flagship software platform
on web and mobile designed to solve the communication challenges that
property management teams face. 

STIMULUS - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 - $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer/350] 

Stimulus is hiring a Software engineer to help build a social platform
that aims to increase human happiness. 

STICKER MULE - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FRONTEND) (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer-(frontend)/349] 

Sticker Mule is hiring a Software engineer to build React shared
components, integrate front-ends with back-end GraphQL APIs, and
maintain optimal front-end performance on desktop and mobile for the
Internet‚Äôs best printing company. 

KLAVIYO - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEERING -
PLATFORM INFRASTRUCTURE (BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, $168,000 - $193,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-site-reliability-engineering---platform-infrastructure/351]


Klaviyo is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build foundational
backend services as well as tooling and automation for a world-leading
database analytics and marketing automation platform. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=94895cce-b99a-11ed-a6b0-6d6c2a421b04&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677841220&t=1677845632&s=b557c62eee54b94b1718f180eab9800c2231fb1d233f07f1ae859fe24152fd95].


¬†