# Articles TLDR 13-03-2023

The US Treasury will allow SVB and Signature Bank to unwind in a way
that involves fully protecting all depositors.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a7c85cfa-c16e-11ed-af8a-8dfb5568c26c&pt=campaign&t=1678706050&s=8a29930f3376b8045b30a6710fd86e2d3c41ff7e0def689daf1d7b3d3cfe8c80]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-13

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

U.S. GOVERNMENT STEPS IN AND SAYS PEOPLE WITH FUNDS DEPOSITED AT SVB
WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS THEIR MONEY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/12/regulators-unveil-plan-to-stem-damage-from-svb-collapse.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US Treasury has designated both Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and
Signature Bank as systemic risks and will allow both institutions to
unwind in a way that involves fully protecting all depositors. Many
depositors were uninsured due to the $250,000 cap on guaranteed
deposits. They will have full access to their deposits from Monday.
The Federal Reserve has also announced that it will launch a new Bank
Term Funding Program to protect financial institutions affected by the
instability caused by SVB's collapse. Shareholders and some unsecured
creditors will not receive protection and will lose all of their
investments. 

TIM COOK BETS ON APPLE‚ÄôS MIXED-REALITY HEADSET TO SECURE HIS LEGACY
(6 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Ii51W?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Apple is expected to launch a virtual reality headset that features
augmented reality capabilities this year. It will be the company's
first computing platform entirely developed under Tim Cook's
leadership. Cook's tenure at Apple has been influential in elevating
the company's market capitalization from approximately $350 billion in
2011 to over $2.4 trillion today. Apple anticipates that it will only
sell around one million headsets within the first year of its launch. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

IT TOOK 12 YEARS TO COMPLETELY MAP A BABY FRUIT FLY‚ÄôS BRAIN (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.popularmechanics.com/science/animals/a43266443/fruit-fly-brain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists from the University of Cambridge and Johns Hopkins
University have successfully mapped every neuron and connection within
the brain of a fruit fly larva. The process took 12 years. The fruit
fly's brain is remarkably complex, with 3,016 neurons and 548,000
connections between them. The scientists identified 93 distinct
neurons that varied in shape, function, and neurological connection.
Although fruit flies have vastly different brains from humans, they
share a basic biology and genetic foundation, making the discovery a
good starting point for exploring the mysteries of the human brain. 

SCIENTISTS FIND A WAY TO SUCK UP CARBON POLLUTION, TURN IT INTO BAKING
SODA AND STORE IT IN THE OCEANS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/03/10/world/carbon-capture-sea-water-climate-intl-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists have developed a new technique that can more efficiently
remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store it in oceans. The
new method, which modifies absorbent material used in direct air
capture with copper, can remove CO2 from the atmosphere at
ultra-dilute concentrations with a capacity two to three times greater
than existing absorbents. This could help to reduce the costs of
direct air capture. Once captured, the CO2 can be turned into baking
soda using seawater and released into the ocean at a small
concentration. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

UNPLUGIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/unjs/unplugin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Unplugin is a plugin system for Vite, Rollup, Webpack, esbuild, and
more that provides a compatible layer for various build tools. It can
make multiple nested plugins behave like a single plugin. Unplugin
provides compatible layers for some hooks, but its functionality is
limited to the common subset of the build's plugin capability.
Unplugin provides an escape hatch for more advanced framework-specific
usage. 

VISUAL CHATGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/microsoft/visual-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Visual ChatGPT is a tool that connects ChatGPT with Visual Foundation
Models to allow users to send and receive images during chats. This
tool uses up to 7000 MB of GPU memory. A GIF demo is available. 

THE FOUNDERS OF DBT LABS, STARBURST, AND ATSCALE SHARE THEIR VISION
FOR THE SEMANTIC LAYER SPACE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


Don‚Äôt miss the Founders‚Äô Keynote at this year‚Äôs Semantic Layer
Summit
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
on April 26th! In this panel, leaders who have founded
industry-transforming companies will share their perspectives on the
semantic layer space.
Featured founders include Tristan Handy (dbt Labs); Artyom Keydunov
(Cube); David P. Mariani (AtScale); and Justin Borgman (Starburst).
Register for free to watch the panel, live
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ELON MUSK IS PLANNING A TEXAS UTOPIA ‚Äî HIS OWN TOWN (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/93WG6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Elon Musk is planning to build a new town for his employees along the
Colorado River in Texas about 35 miles from Austin. The aim of the
proposed town is to create a type of Texas utopia where Musk‚Äôs
employees can live and work. Musk and his top executives want their
employees, particularly those at his Austin-area companies such as
Tesla and SpaceX, to live in new homes with affordable rents. The site
will be adjacent to Boring and SpaceX facilities which are currently
being built. Pictures of the site and plans for the future city are
available in the article. 

LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS ARE HAVING THEIR STABLE DIFFUSION MOMENT (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Mar/11/llama/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The recent release of ChatGPT sparked a renewed curiosity in
generative AI, initially started in August by the Stable Diffusion
moment. Machines are now able to run GPT-3 class language models
locally. This article examines the impact of this technology on
society and provides a guide to installing and running LLaMA on a
personal machine. By allowing individuals to have a greater degree of
control over the technology, there is potential for increased
experimentation and development, but there are also concerns as to the
ethical implications of language models. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DON‚ÄôT BUILD A CSV IMPORTER (SPONSOR)
[https://oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=62240424]


Get instant CSV import that autocorrects customer data. Because better
import completion rates = better customer activation. See how to embed
OneSchema in your app
[https://oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=62240424]


THE RETURN TO THE OFFICE ONCE SEEMED INEVITABLE. A NEW STUDY SHOWS
COMPANIES ARE ALREADY REVERSING COURSE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/8RROE?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Most companies in the US don't want to decrease the availability of
remote work. 

ASK HN: V2 ‚Äì LAID OFF FOLKS, ARE YOU GETTING HIRED YET? (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35115862] 

A thread where developers discuss their challenges with getting hired
after being recently laid off. 

DALAI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cocktailpeanut/dalai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Dalai is a dead simple way to run LLaMA on a local machine. 

TWITTER‚ÄôS $42,000-PER-MONTH API PRICES OUT NEARLY EVERYONE (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/qHX15?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

There are now three levels of Enterprise Packages on Twitter's
developer platform: the Small Package gives access to 50 million
tweets for $42,000 a month and the higher tiers give access to 100
million tweets for $125,000 a month and 200 million tweets for
$210,000 a month. 

META IS WORKING ON A DECENTRALIZED SOCIAL APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/09/meta-is-working-on-a-decentralized-social-app/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has confirmed that it is developing a decentralized social app,
but it hasn't given out any details about when it plans to release it.


CHATGPT'S API IS SO GOOD AND CHEAP, IT MAKES MOST TEXT GENERATING AI
OBSOLETE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://minimaxir.com/2023/03/new-chatgpt-overlord/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses the ChatGPT API and demonstrates several
helpful system prompts. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

VIZ.AI - TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $92,500 -
$120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/technical-implementation-engineer/373] 

Viz.ai is hiring a Technical Implementation Engineer to be the subject
matter expert for everything customer-facing and work closely with
various customer teams for a pioneer in the use of AI algorithms and
machine learning to increase the speed of diagnosis and care in
hospitals and health systems in the US and Europe. 

3CORESEC - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (AWS) (FULLY REMOTE, $60,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer-(aws)/396] 

3CORESec is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to work on a platform
for adversary detection. 

KAINOS - LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER (HYBRID/REMOTE PART TIME)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-software-engineer-/378] 

Kainos is hiring a Lead Software Engineer to lead teams and develop
high quality solutions for SaaS products that help hundreds of
customers maximize their return on investment from Workday. 

DE DESIGN WORKS - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (CHESTERFIELD, MISSOURI,
$100,000 - $130,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer/376] 

DE Design Works is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to work on a
large variety of IoT and embedded control system projects for
industrial, medical, and military applications with a company of
engineers. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a7c85cfa-c16e-11ed-af8a-8dfb5568c26c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678701621&t=1678706050&s=5525adb9d4dc4e8ed5dd9a977eadb926dcb8f6e21f13c4c74b84ad15d86b74a9].


¬†