# Articles TLDR 04-09-2023

Apple is rumored to be eliminating leather cases for the iPhone 15
lineup.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=fbb09d5a-4af8-11ee-89a6-03428481188d&pt=campaign&t=1693824192&s=212a29114eb8bc0f197c5f5d8331409205459c583e8a38bc98beb4a18ebac950]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-04

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IPHONE 15 'FINEWOVEN' CASES MAY MATCH NEW MAGNETIC APPLE WATCH BAND
AND COME IN 10 COLOR OPTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/09/03/finewoven-cases-may-match-new-watch-band/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is rumored to be eliminating leather cases for the iPhone 15
lineup. It will replace them with a line of woven fabric cases. Images
of Chinese clones with the FineWoven name have surfaced online. These
clones are likely based on legitimate information about Apple's
upcoming release on September 12. Apple will also release a watch band
for the Apple Watch Series 9 made from the same material. 

LENOVO‚ÄôS NEW 27-INCH, 4K MONITOR OFFERS GLASSES-FREE 3D (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/lenovo-adds-glasses-free-3d-to-a-27-inch-monitor-for-2999/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Lenovo‚Äôs new 27-inch 4K monitor can produce 3D images without
requiring viewers to wear glasses. It features a lenticular lens and
real-time eye-tracking. The monitor works by projecting different
images to each eye. Its 3D resolution is 1920x2160, but it can be
switched to a 2D mode with 3840x2160 resolution. The 3D experience is
limited to one user at a time. It is viewable from a 23.6 to 39.4-inch
distance. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ARE SELF-DRIVING CARS ALREADY SAFER THAN HUMAN DRIVERS? (21 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/09/are-self-driving-cars-already-safer-than-human-drivers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Waymo and Cruise have driven a combined total of over 8 million
driverless miles. The two companies have reported 102 crashes, with
most of the crashes being low-speed collisions that did not pose a
serious safety risk and a large majority being the fault of the other
driver. It will still take hundreds of millions more driverless miles
to answer the question of whether driverless cars are safer than human
drivers, but the evidence is starting to pile up. 

CAN AN ARTIFICIAL KIDNEY FINALLY FREE PATIENTS FROM DIALYSIS? (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ucsf.edu/news/2023/08/426056/can-artificial-kidney-finally-free-patients-dialysis?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Kidney cells housed within the Kidney Project's bioreactor can survive
inside the body of a pig and mimic several important kidney functions
for at least one week. The Kidney Project aims to create a device that
can improve on dialysis. A bioartificial kidney would make treatments
for kidney disease more effective, tolerable, and comfortable. The
next steps for testing will be month-long trials, first in animals and
then eventually in humans. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

EXPLAINING THE POSTGRES MEME (76 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.avestura.dev/blog/explaining-the-postgres-meme?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article analyzes the SQL Iceberg meme, which shows increasingly
complex or advanced SQL commands or operations. The article goes
through each of the zones and explains every concept. It starts with
simple commands like CREATE TABLE, JOIN, and NULL and moves into
intermediate and advanced topics like connection pools,
denormalization, the volcano models, and the Halloween problem. 

BIOME (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/biomejs/biome?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Biome can format and lint JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON, and CSS code
in a fraction of a second. It requires minimal configuration and
displays detailed and contextualized diagnostics. Biome is designed to
eventually replace Babel, ESLint, webpack, Prettier, Jest, and more.
It has first-class IDE support and top-notch error recovery. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

‚ÄòCALIFORNIA FOREVER‚Äô WEBSITE TOUTS THE CITY TECH BILLIONAIRES ARE
TRYING TO BUILD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/3/23857664/california-forever-tech-billionaire-secret-city?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

California Forever, the parent company of Flannery Associates, a
company that has purchased over 50,000 acres in Solano County, has
revealed a website showing a planned city. The site promises a safe
walkable city with solar farms and good local jobs that won't ruin the
nearby agriculture. It doesn't discuss population, size, or how the
city will sustain itself. The company plans to get locals to get on
board with the project using surveys and a local advisory board. 

MUSTAFA SULEYMAN ON GETTING WASHINGTON AND SILICON VALLEY TO TAME AI
(55 MINUTE READ)
[https://80000hours.org/podcast/episodes/mustafa-suleyman-getting-washington-and-silicon-valley-to-tame-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This page contains highlights from an hour-long podcast with Mustafa
Suleyman, one of the three co-founders of DeepMind, where he discusses
ways to limit the negative and unforeseen consequences of emerging
technologies and many other AI-related topics. Suleyman thinks that AI
and biotechnology will soon enable small groups to cause harm on
previously unimaginable scales. While the technology could provide
humans with many benefits, such as eliminating the need to work to
live, future generations of AI may 'go rogue' and cause harm to
people. This may become a legitimate concern within the next 12 years.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEAR SELF; WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT AMBITION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/uGDtroD26aLvHSoK2/dear-self-we-need-to-talk-about-ambition-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There are many definitions of what success is - this article discusses
how to figure out if you authentically want something and set your own
success criteria. 

META MAY OFFER PAID AD-FREE FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM IN EUROPE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/1/23855820/meta-paid-ad-free-facebook-and-instagram-eu?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The paid service, which is still under consideration and may not be
released, is an attempt by Meta to quell concerns by the EU around
data privacy and ads. 

B√âZIER CURVES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.richardekwonye.com/bezier-curves?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An article about B√©zier curves that aims to give readers a deeper
understanding of web animations. 

AIMING FOR ATOMS: THE ART OF MAKING CHIPS SMALLER (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techspot.com/article/1856-aiming-for-atoms-chip-manufacturing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article takes a look at the world of semiconductor manufacturing.


SOME VETERAN YOUTUBE STAFF THINK SHORTS MIGHT RUIN YOUTUBE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/3/23857451/youtube-shorts-tiktok-ads-short-video?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Content creators are uploading fewer long-form videos. 

SHINING A LIGHT ON THE DIGITAL DARK AGE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://longnow.org/ideas/shining-a-light-on-the-digital-dark-age/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Most digital information will be lost in just a few decades -
preserving modern records is becoming an increasing concern. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=fbb09d5a-4af8-11ee-89a6-03428481188d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693821617&t=1693824192&s=0d520759ea9f0d7942babde194b002bd1ba073ccd180599ca92185100caee962].