# Articles TLDR 13-10-2023

Tesla has officially released API documentation to support third-party
apps after years of operating with an unofficial API¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=28318258-699f-11ee-ae50-371b36405670&pt=campaign&t=1697194511&s=741285eefb057cc3e5549c342864d753cee6bfc34eb06780db29ba949c689247]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-10-13

TLDR IS HIRING A PART TIME CURATOR FOR OUR TLDR DEVOPS NEWSLETTER
(FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) [/jobs@tldr.tech] 

TLDR is hiring a part time curator to join our TLDR DevOps newsletter
curation team. The newsletter already has over 200,000 subscribers
pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the
devops community.
The ideal candidate would work in devops full time and enjoy keeping
up with devops news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit,
blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~2-4 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. To apply
please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech
[/jobs@tldr.tech] along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good
fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 ‚ÄòNETFLIX HOUSE,‚Äô THE STREAMER‚ÄôS FIRST PERMANENT FAN EXPERIENCE
LOCATIONS, TO OPEN IN 2025 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/netflix-house-permanent-fan-experiences-coming-in-2025-1850922623?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Netflix is planning to open a new type of experience location where
fans can shop, eat, and play games themed around popular shows. The
locations will have rotating installations, ranging from ticketed
shows to restaurants to retail shops. They will have enough varied
content for customers to visit a couple of times a month. There is
limited information about where these locations will be. 

 TESLA RELEASES OFFICIAL API DOCUMENTATION TO SUPPORT THIRD-PARTY APPS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/10/12/tesla-releases-official-api-documentation-support-third-party-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Tesla has officially released API documentation to support
third-party apps after years of operating with an unofficial API. The
API is still geared toward fleet management, but it could be the first
step in creating a healthy app ecosystem. All third-party apps will
have to go through Tesla's new API starting next year. The
introduction of an official API was likely related to Tesla's recent
release of in-car fleet management and rental software with Hertz. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 HUMANE'S AI GADGET PLANS INCLUDE BECOMING AN MVNO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lowpass.cc/p/humane-ai-pin-cellular-mvno-sam-altman?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Humane is getting ready to officially unveil its AI Pin next month.
The company has filed with the FCC for authority to resell
telecommunication services provided by other mobile carriers. The plan
to sell these services means the company wants to make money with
services as opposed to just hardware sales. It will likely introduce
the device with a monthly service plan that includes connectivity as
well as storage and processing for captured photos and video. 

 WOMAN'S EXPERIMENTAL BIONIC HAND PASSES MAJOR TEST WITH FLYING COLORS
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/bionic-mia-hand-prosthetic-amputee-phantom-pain-1850919751?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A recently published paper details the case of a Swedish woman who
has successfully worn an advanced bionic limb for years with no major
issues. The woman had suffered a farming injury that took much of her
right arm below the elbow, leaving her with phantom limb pain that
required high doses of medication to manage. The bionic limb is
directly connected to the woman's neuromusculoskeletal system. It is
controlled by her nervous system and provides sensory feedback. The
limb substantially reduced the woman's phantom limb pain and need for
medication. A video of the bionic limb is available. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 ON IMPORTANCE OF NAMING IN PROGRAMMING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://wasp-lang.dev/blog/2023/10/12/on-importance-of-naming-in-programming?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Good naming results in cleaner code and improved architecture. Almost
all of writing clean code is just naming things correctly. Bad names
are usually an indicator of problematic code - a failure in design. A
good name doesn't misdirect, omit, or assume. It gives developers a
good idea about what the variable contains or function does. This
article emphasizes the importance of naming in programming by
providing examples of good names and bad names and explaining the
consequences of bad naming. It provides tips on how to come up with
good names. 

 THE OXIDATION COMPILER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/web-infra-dev/oxc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 The Oxidation Compiler is a suite of high-performance tools for
JavaScript and TypeScript. It includes a parser, linter, formatter,
transpiler, minifier, and resolver. Everything is written in Rust. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ASK HN: SHOW ME YOUR HALF BAKED PROJECT (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37857231] 

 This Hacker News thread contains examples of
not-really-ready-for-prime-time projects. Projects include Symbiants,
a real-time simulation of an ant colony with mental health aspects,
Calzone, a Chrome extension for converting text between timezones just
by highlighting text, and a project that is attempting to build the
world's largest encyclopedia of magazines, fanzines, journals, and
newsletters. 

 WHY AREN'T THERE MORE 80% JOBS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://evertpot.com/on-80-percent-jobs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Some jobs are starting to move to 4-day workweeks, but there hasn't
been any increase in the number of 80% jobs - 32 hour jobs at 80%
salary. These types of jobs would be a low-risk proposition that many
people in tech would likely take if it were an option. 80% jobs offer
many benefits for both employers and employees, even though they may
cost more in terms of overhead. Another option is to offer 90% jobs,
giving workers an extra day off every two weeks. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WHAT I WISH I KNEW WHEN I GOT MY ASN (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://quantum5.ca/2023/10/10/what-i-wish-i-knew-when-i-got-my-asn/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 An Autonomous System Number allows holders to exchange routes over
the Border Gateway Protocol with other autonomous systems, announce
their own IP addresses to the internet, and control how traffic flows
in and out of their networks. 

 NEOBRUTALISM COMPONENTS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ekmas/neobrutalism-components?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Neobrutalism components is a collection of type-safe components
written in React and Tailwind created for people who want to learn
more about the neobrutalism style. 

 OPENAI HAS QUIETLY CHANGED ITS ‚ÄòCORE VALUES‚Äô (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/10/12/2023/openai-quietly-changed-its-core-values?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAI's new core values put a greater emphasis on the development of
artificial general intelligence, saying that anything that doesn't
help with that is out of scope. 

 ONE GAME, BY ONE MAN, ON SIX PLATFORMS: THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE
UGLY (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://ruoyusun.com/2023/10/12/one-game-six-platforms.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 An indie developer's perspective on why Valve recently announced that
it would no longer support Counter-Strike 2 on macOS. 

 NOSTALGIST.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/arianrhodsandlot/nostalgist?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Nostalgist.js can run retro console emulators within web browsers. 

 OPENAI HAS ALREADY SURPASSED $1.3 BILLION IN REVENUE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://invezz.com/news/2023/10/12/openai-surpassed-1-3-billion-in-revenue/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAI may soon command a $90 billion valuation. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=28318258-699f-11ee-ae50-371b36405670&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697191218&t=1697194511&s=cda36544d1ac605f9651331618290f222daaf58b26779359a37e9bd86c56bc37].