# Articles TLDR 06-03-2023

Apple is preparing to launch a new iMac with a 24-inch display and a
more powerful M3 chip later this year.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f667afc2-bc01-11ed-a19a-ffcc704cac59&pt=campaign&t=1678104893&s=96096c9d9903776ba6fe35058d3298714b80f090958a4206b444b7425b47b238]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Densify]
[https://www.densify.com/product/intel/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220306]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-06

A NEW WAY TO CUT THE COST OF CLOUD ‚Äî BY INTEL AND DENSIFY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.densify.com/product/intel/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220306]


Intel¬Æ Cloud Optimizer (ICO) is an agentless, deep algorithmic
approach to identifying the lowest cost, highest performance cloud
instances
[https://www.densify.com/product/intel/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220306]
for workloads. Designed for engineers, not finance, ICO enables you to
optimize the resources you use at scale, which directly impacts cost.
Works on AWS, Azure, and Google:

	*
Optimize existing instances to reduce costs and maximize performance

	*
Ensure you are using the right Intel instances and features for
workloads

	*
Modernize instances

ICO is funded by Intel
[https://www.densify.com/product/intel/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220306]
for qualified companies - no strings attached. See if you qualify
[https://www.densify.com/product/intel/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220306]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE WILL REPORTEDLY LAUNCH AN M3-EQUIPPED IMAC LATER THIS YEAR (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/5/23625972/apple-new-imac-launch-m3-chip?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is preparing to launch a new iMac with a 24-inch display and a
more powerful M3 chip later this year. The iMac is currently in its
advanced stages of development and undergoing production tests. It is
not expected to be in mass production for at least three months, The
iMac's internal components might be revamped while the mounting
process for the stand could also see changes. Apple is also preparing
to launch a new 15-inch MacBook Air, an upgraded 13-inch MacBook Air,
and a Mac Pro with an M2 Ultra chip. 

AMAZON PAUSES CONSTRUCTION OF SECOND HEADQUARTERS IN VIRGINIA (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/03/amazon-pauses-construction-of-second-headquarters-in-virginia.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon has postponed the development of the second phase of its HQ2 in
Virginia, as the company seeks to reduce expenses. Amazon CEO Andy
Jassy has recently made moves to curtail expenses, including cutting
around 18,000 jobs, and the company is now reevaluating its property
portfolio and ending some projects. The first part of the northern
Virginia campus remains slated to open in June 2023. Amazon has
confirmed that pre-construction activities on other parts of HQ2 will
start later in the year. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS INVENT BIOMATERIAL THAT CAN HEAL TISSUE FROM THE INSIDE OUT
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/scientists-invent-biomaterial-healing-tissue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists at the University of California San Diego have developed a
new biomaterial that could potentially aid in repairing tissue damage
caused by heart attacks and other ailments. The new material can
reduce inflammation and repair cells in instances of traumatic brain
injury and pulmonary arterial hypertension, as well as tissue damage
caused by heart attacks. Unlike other treatments, the biomaterial can
be administered via intravenous injection immediately after a heart
attack and can distribute evenly throughout an affected area, allowing
for more efficient repair. Human safety and efficacy studies are
expected to begin within two years. 

RESEARCHERS USE AI TO GENERATE IMAGES BASED ON PEOPLE'S BRAIN ACTIVITY
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/wxje8n/researchers-use-ai-to-generate-images-based-on-peoples-brain-activity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have succeeded in reconstructing high-resolution and
accurate images from brain activity using the Stable Diffusion image
generation model. The images were produced without fine-tuning the AI
model. The researchers decoded text representations from fMRI signals
within the visual cortex, which led to the production of an image. The
study is the first to interpret Stable Diffusion from a biological
standpoint. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

LLAMA-DL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/shawwn/llama-dl?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository provides a high-speed download of Facebook's 65
billion parameter model, LLaMA. LLAMA is being distributed openly by
Facebook via torrents. This repository offers a faster download at
roughly 3.6 times the speed of the torrent. The download size for
LLAMA is 219 gb (235164838073 bytes). 

0BEQZ/REALISM-EFFECTS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/0beqz/realism-effects?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository is a compilation of various effects for three.js that
includes SSGI, Motion Blur, and TRAA. It also contains SSR and SSDGI
for reflections and diffuse lighting from SSGI. A set of demos and
resources are available. 

NEW RELIC‚ÄôS FUTURESTACK ROADSHOW IS COMING TO SAN FRANCISCO
(SPONSOR)
[https://newrelic.com/events/2023-03-15/futurestack-san-francisco?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=global-fy23-q4-futurestack-san-francisco]


In San Francisco? Come to FutureStack ‚Äî a free one-day event for
engineers, by engineers.
See what your most innovative peers are building with data-driven
observability. Meet the New Relic engineers who design tools you use
every day. And of course, stay for Happy Hour at the end of the day.
RSVP to save your spot (free, in-person)
[https://newrelic.com/events/2023-03-15/futurestack-san-francisco?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=global-fy23-q4-futurestack-san-francisco]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE INSIDE STORY OF HOW CHATGPT WAS BUILT FROM THE PEOPLE WHO MADE IT
(9 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Dk7ka?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OpenAI released ChatGPT without expecting it to become a viral hit.
However, it became the most popular internet app ever, and OpenAI has
been scrambling to catch up and capitalize on its success. This
article contains an inside look at the chatbot from the perspective of
four individuals who helped build it. OpenAI is still bewildered by
ChatGPT's success but has used the opportunity to improve its
technology by monitoring how millions of people use it and fixing
issues as they arise. 

LEAKED AUDIO SHOWS GOOGLE CLOUD CEO GIVE A FIERY RALLYING CRY AND CALL
OUT DEMEANING COMPETITORS IN AI: 'THE GAME IS NEVER DONE IN THE FIRST
MINUTE' (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/GijmU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google Cloud's CEO, Thomas Kurian, has given a fiery call to arms to
employees. Kurian vowed to build the best capability in artificial
intelligence and urged all staff to remain committed to the cause,
despite repeated criticisms from competitors. He said that the AI race
is still in its early stages and this could be a historic moment in
tech. Kurian urged for more teamwork, asking employees to step
forward, work effectively as a team, and make Google successful
against its customers. 

TLDR READER SURVEY 2023
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/tclczbe7?nonce=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681]


Hey everyone, it's time for our yearly reader survey! If you could
take a second to fill out the 4-question survey, it really helps me
figure out what our audience looks like since we've grown from 150,000
subscribers to nearly a million since our last survey. Really
appreciate all of your help and support! 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BIG TECH JOB-SWITCHING STATS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/big-tech-job-switching-stats/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many developers have moved to ByteDance, Airbnb, and Amazon Web
Services. 

USING METRICS TO MEASURE INDIVIDUAL DEVELOPER PERFORMANCE (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://lauratacho.com/blog/using-metrics-to-measure-individual-developer-performance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A discussion on the data used to evaluate developer performance. 

HUNDREDS OF AMAZON EMPLOYEES SUPPORT COMPANY'S RETURN TO OFFICE PLAN
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/O07Di#selection-1621.2-1625.125?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are currently far more employees opposed to the new
return-to-office mandate than supporters. 

COULD WE MAKE THE WEB MORE IMMERSIVE USING A SIMPLE OPTICAL ILLUSION?
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://shopify.github.io/spatial-commerce-projects/WonkaVision/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Implementing a VR display optical illusion using head tracking with a
webcam. 

FIRST LOOK AT GOOGLE CHROME‚ÄôS BLINK ENGINE RUNNING ON AN IPHONE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/03/03/first-look-google-chrome-blink-engine-iphone-ios/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is bringing Chrome's full blink browser engine to iOS against
current App Store rules. 

ASK HN: HAS ANYONE STARTED OVER OUTSIDE OF TECH? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35008392] 

This Hacker News thread looks at developers who have moved onto
something totally unrelated to sitting in front of a computer. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

STICKER MULE - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (C++) (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer-(c%2B%2B)/348] 

Sticker Mule is hiring a Software engineer (C++) to be part of the
Internet‚Äôs best printing company. 

STICKER MULE - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (BACKEND) (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer-(backend)/347] 

Sticker Mule is hiring a Software engineer (Backend) for the
Internet‚Äôs best printing company. 

THRYVE - SENIOR REACT NATIVE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $70,000 -
$90,277) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-react-native-engineer/359] 

Thryve is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Senior React Native
Engineer to design, architect, develop, test, debug, document, deploy,
maintain, and improve React Native apps for a technology team. 

BONDY GROUP - SENIOR DEVOPS (FULLY REMOTE, $48,000 - $72,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-devops/358] 

Bondy Group is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Senior DevOps to
join a tech team. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f667afc2-bc01-11ed-a19a-ffcc704cac59&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678100419&t=1678104893&s=89000f584b441a417d64a609444b8812096ed75050425744cac81cf558d419e5].


¬†