# Articles TLDR 09-04-2024

Microsoft will unveil its vision for AI PCs at an event in Seattle on
May 20 

 Sign Up [1] |View Online [2] 

		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Dollar Flight Club] [3]

TLDR 2024-04-09

 LAST CHANCE: SPEND $1 TODAY, SAVE UP TO $2K ON YOUR NEXT VACATION
(SPONSOR) [3] 

 Ready to save up to $2,000 on every vacation for life? Dollar Flight
Club has your back—TRY THE CLUB FOR JUST $1 IF YOU SIGN UP IN THE
NEXT 12 HOURS [3]. Join over 1 million members saving on travel this
year.
You just missed out on 2024 flight deals like:

	* Paris: $282 roundtrip
	* Hawaii: $173 roundtrip
	* Barcelona: $247 roundtrip
	* Miami: $98 roundtrip

Never miss a deal again when you're ready to take your next adventure.
TRY DOLLAR FLIGHT CLUB FOR JUST $1 TODAY [3]; offer ends in 12 hours.

📱

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 MICROSOFT IS CONFIDENT WINDOWS ON ARM COULD FINALLY BEAT APPLE (5
MINUTE READ) [4] 

 Microsoft will unveil its vision for AI PCs at an event in Seattle on
May 20. The company is confident that its new Arm-powered Windows
laptops will beat Apple's M3-powered MacBook Air in both CPU
performance and AI-accelerated tasks. The laptops will feature
Snapdragon X Elite processors from Qualcomm. Microsoft is planning to
ship consumer models of its Surface Pro 10 and Surface Laptop 6 with
Snapdragon X Elite processors instead of the Intel Core Ultra
processors that the business-focused versions have. 

 GOOGLE LAUNCHES ANDROID FIND MY DEVICE NETWORK (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Google has launched the Find My Device network for Android-based
products. The Android Find My Device network can use the millions of
existing Android devices to track down lost, stolen, and missing
Android products. The network uses Bluetooth and works even when
Android devices are offline and do not have a cellular or Wi-Fi
connection. The network will also work with third-party Bluetooth
trackers starting in May. 

🚀 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 ELON MUSK JUST GAVE ANOTHER MARS SPEECH — THIS TIME THE VISION
SEEMS TANGIBLE (6 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Elon Musk gave a 45-minute speech at SpaceX's Starbase facility in
South Texas last weekend about making life multiplanetary, the booster
for Starship, the upper stage, and SpaceX's plans to ultimately
deliver millions of tons of cargo to Mars for a self-sustaining
civilization. SpaceX has now completed 327 successful launches, with
80% of those involving used boosters. This performance has given Musk
confidence that reusability can be achieved with the Super Heavy
booster that powers Starship. While SpaceX's goals seem audacious, the
company has proven that rocket reusability is a very viable thing, so
its other goals appear a lot more achievable. 

 A SECRET CLIMATE EXPERIMENT IN ALAMEDA (7 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 A group of scientists launched a stream of microscopic salt particles
off the deck of a decommissioned aircraft carrier last Tuesday in
Alameda, California, as part of an experiment to limit global warming
by increasing cloud cover to reflect sunlight away from Earth. Very
few people knew about the project beforehand as geoengineering
projects are controversial and the team was concerned that critics
would try to stop them. The experiment will run through the end of
May, and visitors are able to view the experiment. 

💻

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 SENTRY’S NEW AI-POWERED AUTOFIX IS HERE TO FIX YOUR BROKEN CODE
(SPONSOR) [8] 

 There are many genAI tools that can help you write code. But do they
have the contextual data to help you fix errors in production?
Sentry’s Autofix [8] understands what your users are doing when an
error occurs, analyzes the error, generates a fix and even opens a PR.
It’s like having an extra junior developer.

Join this virtual session [8] to see a live demo of Autofixing a
frontend and backend issue, and how Sentry is using ML to better
prioritize issues and alerts [8] — including more intelligent issue
grouping and alerting.

Watch live [8] (or sign up for the private beta [8])

 META’S X COMPETITOR THREADS INVITES DEVELOPERS TO SIGN UP FOR API
ACCESS, PUBLISHES DOCS (3 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 Meta's Threads has introduced developer documentation and a sign-up
sheet for interested parties ahead of its API's public launch planned
for June. The documentation details the API's current limitations and
endpoints. Developers can use the API to track analytics and publish
posts and media, among other things. Threads accounts are limited to
250 API-published posts and 1,000 replies every 24 hours, with a text
post limit of 500 characters. 

 OPEN PARSE (GITHUB REPO) [10] 

 Open Parse lets users easily chunk complex documents the same way a
human would. It provides a flexible library capable of visually
discerning document layouts and chunking them effectively. Open Parse
supports Markdown and tables. It is extensible, intuitive, and easy to
use and learn. Sample notebooks are available. 

🎁

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW CAN I ACCELERATE MY PERSONAL GROWTH? (3 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 Growing quickly requires a job that surrounds you with people who are
smarter than you and gives you opportunities to fail, with a company
that has a history of giving massive responsibility to people similar
to you. Choose companies that are selective with hiring and target
positions where success is not guaranteed. Look for people in the
company who have similar profiles as you and see if they have been
given outsized responsibility in the company to see if you have a
chance to get promoted quickly. These selection criteria are heavily
weighted towards startups. 

 NOTES ON HOW TO USE LLMS IN YOUR PRODUCT (17 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 It's easy to make an argument that large language models can improve
internal efficiency in companies somehow. It's much harder to describe
a believable way for them to make products more useful to customers.
This article discusses ways to meaningfully integrate large language
models into existing products. It covers how to think about the
technology, revamping workflows, different ways to implement models,
and more. The article also covers potential issues such as copyright
law, data processing agreements, and provider availability. 

⚡

QUICK LINKS

 TIKTOK’S INSTAGRAM COMPETITOR LIKELY TO BE NAMED TIKTOK NOTES (3
MINUTE READ) [13] 

 TikTok has been working to launch a photo-sharing app. 

 LLM.C (GITHUB REPO) [14] 

 llm.c trains large language models in C/CUDA. 

 INTERVIEWING MY MOTHER, A MAINFRAME COBOL PROGRAMMER (14 MINUTE READ)
[15] 

 Some banks would go under in a matter of weeks if their COBOL
programmers were to quit. 

 XBOX PRESIDENT SARAH BOND HAS SET UP A NEW TEAM DEDICATED TO GAME
PRESERVATION AND FORWARD COMPATIBILITY (8 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 The new team will ensure that Microsoft's games remain accessible
long into the future. 

 WHAT IT’S LIKE TO RUN HTMX IN PRODUCTION - STORIES FROM EXPERIENCED
SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (11 MINUTE READ) [17] 

 HTMX provides most of the capabilities of a Single-Page Application
with the simplicity of a Multi-Page Application. 

 BIG TECH PASSKEY IMPLEMENTATIONS ARE A TRAP (8 MINUTE READ) [18] 

 Big Tech is using passkey technology to lock people into walled
gardens rather than to provide a secure solution to everyone. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [19]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni & Stephen Flanders 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR,
please unsubscribe [20]. 



Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=149b1fa0-f64a-11ee-b99d-51403d17727d&pt=campaign&t=1712659721&s=66b2787cba5fff59f5ca566028f28c75e6ef29d611381d57aac41adf595eb63e
[3] https://app.dollarflightclub.com/signup/cheapflights4?utm_source=tldr
[4] https://www.theverge.com/2024/4/8/24116587/microsoft-macbook-air-surface-arm-qualcomm-snapdragon-x-elite?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[5] https://www.macrumors.com/2024/04/08/google-android-find-my-device-network-2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[6] https://arstechnica.com/space/2024/04/elon-musk-just-gave-another-mars-speech-this-time-the-vision-seems-tangible/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[7] https://www.politico.com/newsletters/california-climate/2024/04/04/a-secret-climate-experiment-in-alameda-00150705?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[8] https://sentry.io/resources/autofix-workshop/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=ai-fy25q1-aiworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-aiworkshop-noheadshot-rsvp
[9] https://techcrunch.com/2024/04/08/metas-x-competitor-threads-invites-developers-to-sign-up-for-api-access-publishes-docs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[10] https://github.com/Filimoa/open-parse?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[11] https://twitter.com/auren/status/1777394634148208684?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[12] https://lethain.com/mental-model-for-how-to-use-llms-in-products/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[13] https://techcrunch.com/2024/04/08/tiktoks-instagram-competitor-likely-to-be-named-tiktok-notes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[14] https://github.com/karpathy/llm.c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[15] https://ezali.substack.com/p/interviewing-my-mother-a-mainframe?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[16] https://www.windowscentral.com/gaming/xbox/exclusive-xbox-president-sarah-bond-has-set-up-a-new-team-dedicated-to-game-preservation-and-forward-compatibility?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[17] https://hamy.xyz/labs/2024-04_htmx-in-production?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[18] https://proton.me/blog/big-tech-passkey?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[19] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[20] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=149b1fa0-f64a-11ee-b99d-51403d17727d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1712656817&t=1712659721&s=772fcdba7d9d58280b117a763e8c3dd7c42dafd44a2c95753e224e29beb42e8e