# Articles TLDR 07-02-2023

Google CEO Sundar Pichai has announced an experimental conversational
AI service called Bard.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4e5eafde-a6bb-11ed-bc54-e33adb350825&pt=campaign&t=1675771662&s=c6344124b751d38adb8a97aaf45c2fa8dff954047e462e3fd874d9f0d2651cb6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Internal]
[https://www.internal.io/?utm_source=tldr_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=feb2023_product_update]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-07

BUILD POWERFUL INTERNAL TOOLS FAST (SPONSOR)
[https://www.internal.io/?utm_source=tldr_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=feb2023_product_update]


Internal lets you build everything you need to operate your business,
from simple automations to full-fledged internal apps.

	*
Connect a database, API, or Google Sheet
[https://www.internal.io/?utm_source=tldr_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=feb2023_product_update]
and never build from scratch again.

	*
Create multi-step workflows that chain database queries, API calls,
and custom logic.

	*
Use no-code, low-code, or code to build complex tools on top of
existing systems.¬†

	*
Integrates with your development process in GitHub.

	*
Collaborate with non-technical teams to save development time.

Sign up for Internal for free. Start building now.
[https://www.internal.io/?utm_source=tldr_newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=feb2023_product_update]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE ANNOUNCES CHATGPT RIVAL BARD, WITH WIDER AVAILABILITY IN
‚ÄòCOMING WEEKS‚Äô (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/6/23588033/google-chatgpt-rival-bard-testing-rollout-features?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google CEO Sundar Pichai has announced an experimental conversational
AI service called Bard. The ChatGPT competitor can answer users'
queries and take part in conversations. It is now available to a group
of trusted testers and will be released more widely in the coming
weeks. Bard will draw on information from the web to provide
high-quality responses. 

MICROSOFT ANNOUNCES SURPRISE EVENT FOR TOMORROW WITH BING CHATGPT
EXPECTED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/6/23574185/microsoft-event-date-time-openai-bing-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft will hold a major news event today. It officially announced
the event minutes after Google made its ChatGPT rival official. The
event will start at 1 PM ET. It is likely that the event will focus on
ChatGPT integration into Bing. Google will hold an event about search
and AI on February 8. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS IN CHINA ARE CLONING "SUPER COWS" (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbsnews.com/news/chinese-super-cows-clone-milk-cattle/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chinese scientists claim that they have cloned three 'super cow'
calves engineered to produce 50% more milk than the average American
cow once fully grown. They used a technique called the somatic cell
nuclear transfer method to create the embryos. The cows are projected
to eventually produce 18 tons of milk per year. Officials from the US
FDA have said that meat and milk from cloned cows are just as safe as
food produced from conventionally bred animals. 

WORLD‚ÄôS FASTEST ‚ÄúSHOES‚Äù INCREASE WALKING SPEED BY 250% (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/consumer-tech/moonwalkers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Shift Robotics has invented 'shoes' that increase walking speed by
250% without the wearer expending any extra energy. Moonwalkers are a
kind of cross between shoes and motorized roller skates. They are
designed to strap onto the bottom of normal shoes. The experience of
wearing Moonwalkers is similar to walking on a moving sidewalk at an
airport. Moonwalkers can be purchased for $1,400. The launch video for
Moonwalkers is available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DRIFTDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/drifting-in-space/driftdb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


DriftDB is a real-time data backend for browser-based applications.
Clients can connect to DriftDB directly through a WebSocket. DriftDB
supports Publisher/Subscriber channels, key/value storage with
subscriptions, and ordered streams. It is useful when connecting from
one browser to another or from a non-web-connected backend to a
browser. 

OPEN ASSISTANT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/LAION-AI/Open-Assistant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Open Assistant is a project that aims to give everyone access to a
great chat-based large language model. The project aims to build a
model that can carry out tasks, interact with third-party systems, and
retrieve information dynamically. It will be customizable, extendable,
and efficient enough to run on consumer hardware. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FOUR HORSEMEN OF THE TECH RECESSION (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/the-four-horsemen-of-the-tech-recession/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tech thrived during COVID, with many companies offering services to
make the experience bearable for those stuck at home. E-commerce and
cloud computing took a hit when people started being able to go
outside again. COVID-related shutdowns slowed down the production of
many consumer goods. Rising interest rates have devalued long-term
revenue, reducing the valuation of companies across the board. Apple's
App Tracking Transparency initiative crashed the revenue growth for
many companies that rely on performance marketing. 

INTRODUCING GEN-1 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/runwayml/status/1622594989384519682?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gen-1 is an AI model that can generate new videos out of existing
ones. It can apply composition, image styles, and text prompts to
existing videos. Gen-1 can be used for stylization, storyboarding,
masking, and rendering. The model can be customized for even higher
quality results. A video with samples of clips generated by Gen-1 is
available in the thread. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PENETRATION TESTING AS A SERVICE (SPONSOR)
[https://raxis.com/ptaas?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR+newslettter+promo&utm_id=TLDR+&utm_term=PTaaS&utm_content=second+ad]


Still pentesting periodically? Run continual penetration tests with
Raxis PTaaS ‚Äî combining human expertise and automation to identify
vulnerabilities in your environment. ¬†Learn why Raxis PTaaS is like
an embedded security team
[https://raxis.com/ptaas?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR+newslettter+promo&utm_id=TLDR+&utm_term=PTaaS&utm_content=second+ad]


LIFTBUILD NEARS COMPLETION ON REMARKABLE "TOP-DOWN" SKYSCRAPER (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/architecture/liftbuild-top-down-construction-exchange/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Liftbuild's system involves building each floor close to the ground
and then lifting the 500-ton floor to its level, starting from the
top. 

EXCLUSIVE: IPHONE REVERSE WIRELESS CHARGING DEVELOPMENT CONTINUES
AFTER APPLE MISSED TARGET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/06/iphone-reverse-wireless-charging-feature/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple had planned to debut the feature with the iPhone 14 Pro lineup. 

THE TECHNOLOGY BEHIND GITHUB‚ÄôS NEW CODE SEARCH (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-02-06-the-technology-behind-githubs-new-code-search/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This post gives a high-level view of how GitHub's new code search
works and provides a window into its system architecture and technical
underpinnings. 

SCIENTISTS INTRODUCED ALLIGATOR DNA INTO CATFISH TO CREATE HYBRID (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/alligator-dna-catfish-hybrid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The alligator gene increased disease resistance and sterility in the
catfish hybrids. 

WHAT WE LEARNED FROM BUILDING GOVSLACK (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://slack.engineering/what-we-learned-from-building-govslack/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GovSlack allows government agencies and those they work with to
seamlessly collaborate while keeping security and compliance at the
forefront. 

BUILD INTERNAL TOOLS 10X FASTER WITH JAVASCRIPT AND SUPERBLOCKS
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.superblocks.com/pricing?utm_campaign=Webinar-202302JavaScript&utm_source=tldr]


Join Superblocks for a webinar on Wednesday 2/22 at 10amET. In just 20
minutes, learn how to build your own custom internal tools. You‚Äôll
see how to connect APIs and databases, spin up REST endpoints, and
deploy CRON jobs. Register today!
[https://www.superblocks.com/webinar/javascript?utm_campaign=Webinar-202302JavaScript&utm_source=tldr]


SPOTIFY‚ÄôS FOUNDER HELPED DEVELOP AN AI-POWERED BODY HEALTH SCANNER
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/4/23585948/spotify-founder-daniel-ek-ai-body-health-scanner?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spotify founder Daniel Ek is a co-founder of a startup called Neko
Health that specializes in providing body scans powered by AI. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

EVERYREALM, INC - SENIOR SYSTEMS ENGINEER (NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK,
$145000 - $165000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-systems-engineer/266] 

Everyrealm, Inc is hiring a Senior Systems Engineer to play an
integral part in building and scaling immersive media and social
gaming platforms for an immersive media company that develops and
invests in businesses related to virtual worlds, social video gaming,
and the metaverse. 

CERTUS CRITICAL CARE, INC. - FIRMWARE/EMBEDDED SYSTEMS SOFTWARE
ENGINEER (SACRAMENTO, CALIFORNIA, $60000 - $100000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/firmware%2Fembedded-systems-software-engineer/272]


Certus Critical Care, Inc. is hiring a Firmware/Embedded Systems
Software Engineer to research and develop the software for a suite of
next-generation medical devices connected to the cloud for an
early-stage medical device company that creates adaptive, intelligent
medical devices. 

BETTERFLY TOURISM - JAVA BACK-END DEVELOPER (NANTES, PAYS-DE-LA-LOIRE,
FRANCE, $35000 - $45000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/java-back-end-developer/280] 

Betterfly Tourism is hiring a Java Back-End Developer to assist with a
complete overhaul of a web application dedicated to the reduction of
environmental impacts. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4e5eafde-a6bb-11ed-bc54-e33adb350825&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675767642&t=1675771662&s=9e29188e06ca4f29cef5c080a3e325f6d4e058df64afffcff082955e2aa4bb04].


¬†