# Articles TLDR 26-06-2023

OpenAIs capped profit model means that the company will be able to
generate more value than it would owe investors.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=db8a1202-13f5-11ee-b6ae-ef80cf4c902f&pt=campaign&t=1687776806&s=d1c2e181c62bbfd1ee453de55c76ec42e0fc9db7ecfad12ba09119cfefc01e32]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-06-26

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

AMAZON'S VISION: AN AI MODEL FOR EVERYTHING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/06/23/2023/amazons-vision-an-ai-model-for-everything?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon's long-term strategy is to create a single point of entry for
businesses to tap into both open-source and closed-source generative
AI models. Matt Wood, vice president of product for Amazon Web
Services, is leading Amazon's response to the AI war. This article
features an interview with Wood where he discusses how Amazon views
the AI market, the company's approach to winning the AI battle between
the tech giants, the future of the internet, and more. 

SECOND-GEN APPLE WATCH ULTRA COMING THIS FALL, NEW BIG IMAC IN EARLY
DEVELOPMENT WITH LARGER THAN 30-INCH SCREEN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/06/25/new-apple-watch-ultra-imac-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple will launch an Apple Watch Series 9 and a second-generation
Apple Watch Ultra alongside the iPhone 15 lineup this fall. Updates to
the Mac lineup are not expected until later this year or early 2024.
Apple is working on a new 24-inch iMac and a new iMac with a screen
larger than 30 inches. The iPad Pro and iPad Air will see updates in
2024. The third-generation AirPods Pro, a new Apple TV, and other
smart home products are currently in early development. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ELON MUSK OUTLINES MAJOR UPGRADES BEFORE NEXT LAUNCH OF SUPER HEAVY
ROCKET (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbsnews.com/news/elon-musk-outlines-major-upgrades-before-next-launch-of-super-heavy-rocket/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Elon Musk says that SpaceX needs another six weeks or so to finish
implementing over a thousand changes to its Super Heavy/Starship
rocket and launch pad before it will be ready for a second attempt to
reach orbit. SpaceX will also need FAA clearance for the launch. The
modifications include using hot staging for the stage separation
system, redesigning the Raptor's hot gas manifold, and a stronger
launch pad that will allow the rocket to take off at a higher throttle
setting. The Super Heavy/Starship program has so far cost SpaceX over
$2 billion and investment could approach $3 billion by the end of the
year. 

STUNNING - MIDJOURNEY UPDATE WOWS AI ARTISTS WITH CAMERA-LIKE FEATURE
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/06/stunning-midjourney-update-wows-ai-artists-with-camera-like-feature/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Midjourney 5.2 was released on Thursday. It includes a new zoom out
feature that automatically builds larger scenes around a central
synthesized image. Unlike similar features on other AI models,
Midjourney's zoom out feature only works on images generated within
Midjourney. The Midjourney Discord server is still the official
interface for the model, but there are plans to change that. Examples
of images generated with Midjourney 5.2 using the zoom out feature are
available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

EMBEDCHAIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/embedchain/embedchain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

embedchain is a framework for creating large language model-powered
bots over any dataset. It abstracts the entire process of loading a
dataset, chunking it, creating embeddings, and then storing it in a
vector database. Users can create bots by linking to media like
videos, PDFs, blog posts, or websites. The project aims to make it
easy for anyone to get a chatbot running over any dataset in less than
a minute. 

TRY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/binpash/try?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

try allows users to test commands before using them on a live system.
It will show the effects of a command and then prompt users to see
whether they want to commit the changes made at the end of the
command's execution. try is still a prototype and not a full sandbox
so users should not use it to test commands that will remove
everything or write zeros to a disk. 

A NEW AGE OF AUTOMATION? DATA AND INSIGHTS FROM 200+ INDUSTRY LEADERS
AND EXPERTS (SPONSOR)
[https://appfire.com/automation-decoded-workplace-report/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=automation-report-isos]

Along with the rise of AI, nearly half (46%) of organizations are
expecting to increase their level of automation in the next 6 months.
This research report
[https://appfire.com/automation-decoded-workplace-report/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=automation-report-isos]
investigates the current and predicted use cases for automation across
different business functions, and separates fact from fiction when it
comes to realized benefits.
Get the report free from Appfire ‚ÜóÔ∏è
[https://appfire.com/automation-decoded-workplace-report/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=automation-report-isos]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HAS XBOX REALLY LOST THE CONSOLE WARS? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/24/23772314/ftc-microsoft-day-two-hearing-summary-xbox-console-wars-sony-playstation-call-of-duty?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Phil Spencer recently took the stand during the FTC v. Microsoft
hearing to discuss Microsoft losing the console wars, competition with
Sony, and Xbox's struggle to compete. Spencer's promises that
Microsoft won't pull Call of Duty from PlayStation resulted in some
testy exchanges with FTC's lawyer. A representative from Google also
appeared at the hearing to talk about Stadia. This article takes a
look at these testimonies and examines the arguments that the
companies make. 

OPENAI PPUS: HOW OPENAI'S UNIQUE EQUITY COMPENSATION WORKS (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.levels.fyi/blog/openai-compensation.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI's capped profit model means that the company will be able to
generate more value than it would owe investors. Its employees receive
a base salary and equity in Profit Participation Units (PPUs). This
article explains how OpenAI's PPUs work, how OpenAI distributes them,
and other benefits that OpenAI offers to employees. A link to a
compensation benchmarking tool for employers is available near the end
of the article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

üßë‚Äçüéì EARN YOUR MASTER‚ÄôS DEGREE IN IT LEADERSHIP ONLINE ‚Äî
UNIVERSITY OF SAN DIEGO (SPONSOR)
[https://onlinedegrees.sandiego.edu/masters-information-technology-leadership/lp/dyna/?utm_campaign=awarenesstldr&utm_source=tldr-main_newsletter&utm_medium=display&utm_content=msitl_awareness&leadsource=Email%20-%20TLDR%20media]

Ideal for working professionals! Secure your future as a leader in
information technology with USD‚Äôs 20-month, 100% online program. Get
the details
[https://onlinedegrees.sandiego.edu/masters-information-technology-leadership/lp/dyna/?utm_campaign=awarenesstldr&utm_source=tldr-main_newsletter&utm_medium=display&utm_content=msitl_awareness&leadsource=Email%20-%20TLDR%20media]


OPEN SOURCE LICENSES NEED TO LEAVE THE 1980S AND EVOLVE TO DEAL WITH
AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/06/23/open_source_licenses_ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Open source licenses, which are based on copyright law, are not a good
fit for large language model models and datasets so they must be
updated in ways that will make sense. 

AIRBNB CEO @BCHESKY SAID A LOT OF THINGS THAT WERE WORTH FURTHER
THOUGHT AND DISCUSSION DURING HIS FIRESIDE CHAT WITH @ZOINK (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/maxwendkos/status/1672304478853160960?s=20?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This Twitter thread summarizes some of the key points from a recent
chat between Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky and Figma CEO Dylan Field at this
year's Figma Config. 

GOOGLE'S NEXT GAMING PLAY MIGHT BE MINI PLAYABLES IN YOUTUBE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/06/25/youtube-playables-gaming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

YouTube is internally testing a product called Playables for playing
online games on mobile devices and desktop computers. 

GPT-4'S SECRET HAS BEEN REVEALED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thealgorithmicbridge.substack.com/p/gpt-4s-secret-has-been-revealed?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GPT-4 is actually a mixture of eight 220 billion parameter models put
cleverly together. 

WHY DID THE #TWITTERMIGRATION FAIL? (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bloonface.com/2023/06/12/why-did-the-twittermigration-fail/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Many people joined the fediverse with the November 2022 influx, but
most did not stick around and the number of active user numbers has
dropped off a cliff. 

EV BATTERY SWAPS: NOW AS FAST AS FILLING YOUR TANK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/ev-battery-swaps-now-as-fast-as-filling-your-tank/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Ample's battery swapping stations can replace the battery on an
electric vehicle in about five minutes. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=db8a1202-13f5-11ee-b6ae-ef80cf4c902f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687773621&t=1687776806&s=adc699e53f8969a3366282182ce81f2b89a4f1284836ba98aba3c889afde2b8d].