# Articles TLDR 24-01-2023

Microsoft is extending its partnership with OpenAI through a new
multi-year multi-billion-dollar investment.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr] | View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=775a6eb2-9baf-11ed-b26d-95467fc2f4b3&pt=campaign&t=1674561926&s=266967529eb236a9b6d045fffbb5ace91f5221a10220b24906d74ebbe4790bb3]
| Job Board [https://tldr.tech/jobs] | Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LaunchDarkly]
[https://launchdarkly.com/test-drive/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news_pod&utm_campaign=q422_newsletter-tldr&utm_content=interactive-demo]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-24

LEARN HOW TO CREATE A FEATURE FLAG IN A STEP-BY-STEP INTERACTIVE DEMO
(SPONSOR)
[https://launchdarkly.com/test-drive/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news_pod&utm_campaign=q422_newsletter-tldr&utm_content=interactive-demo]


Feature flags are a must-have if you want to test and release new
features quickly. With the right tools to implement them, you can
innovate faster, deploy fearlessly, and make each release a
masterpiece.
LaunchDarkly is the #1 platform for managing feature flags
[https://launchdarkly.com/test-drive/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news_pod&utm_campaign=q422_newsletter-tldr&utm_content=interactive-demo],
used by developers at IBM, Atlassian, and CircleCI. ‚ÄúWe‚Äôve been
able to roll out new features at a pace that would‚Äôve been unheard
of a couple of years ago‚Äù ‚Äî Michal McKay, Principal Software
Engineer, IBM.

Ready for a 9x increase in deployments and 75% decrease in time from
commit to deploy? Test drive LaunchDarkly today. Complete an
interactive demo to create a feature flag in just a few easy steps.
Try it now
[https://launchdarkly.com/test-drive/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=news_pod&utm_campaign=q422_newsletter-tldr&utm_content=interactive-demo]
for free.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT EXTENDS OPENAI PARTNERSHIP IN A ‚ÄòMULTIBILLION DOLLAR
INVESTMENT‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/23/23567448/microsoft-openai-partnership-extension-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is extending its partnership with OpenAI through a new
multi-year multi-billion-dollar investment. The partnership will allow
developers and organizations to access the best AI infrastructure,
models, and toolchains with Azure. Microsoft will increase its
investments in the development and deployment of systems to assist
OpenAI's research. It will power all OpenAI workloads across products,
API services, and research. Microsoft plans to deploy OpenAI's models
across its products, including Bing, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook. 

APPLE ‚ÄòREALITY PRO‚Äô HEADSET WILL TOGGLE BETWEEN AR/VR, SERVE AS
MAC DISPLAY, 2-HOUR EXTERNAL BATTERY PACKS, MORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/01/23/apple-reality-pro-headset-features-details/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's AR/VR headset could be unveiled this Spring at a cost of
around $3,000. Its eye- and hand-tracking capabilities will be a major
selling point. Users will be able to control the device by looking at
on-screen items and then pinching their thumb and index fingers
together. There will be a Digital Crown for switching between AR and
VR. The headset will be able to serve as an external display for Macs.
Many more details about the headset are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THE US CERTIFIES THE FIRST SMALL MODULAR NUCLEAR REACTOR DESIGN (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/23/23567711/nuclear-energy-advanced-small-modular-reactor-design-certified?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has certified a design for
an advanced small modular reactor (SMR). SMRs are cheaper and easier
to build and site than traditional nuclear power plants. The certified
design can generate up to 50 MW of electricity. There are plans to
build a demonstration plant in Idaho with six modules collectively
generating 462 MW. The NRC has only ever certified six other kinds of
nuclear reactors. A rendering of the design is available in the
article. 

WITH STARSHIP TESTING, SPACEX MOVES ONE STEP CLOSER TO MAKING SCIENCE
FICTION A REALITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/23/with-starship-testing-spacex-moves-one-step-closer-to-making-science-fiction-a-reality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX is set to conduct a wet dress rehearsal of the Starship launch
system from its Starbase site in southeastern Texas. A wet dress
rehearsal is a series of prelaunch tests that includes propellant
loading of both the upper stage and booster and a run-through of the
countdown to just before engine ignition. If it is successful, then
the next steps would be a separation of the Starship second stage and
Super Heavy booster followed by a full static fire test. These tests
take just a few weeks, so it is possible an orbital flight test could
be conducted in March. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

ZERO TO NIX (WEBSITE)
[https://zero-to-nix.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Nix is a tool that builds packages in isolation from each other to
ensure that they are reproducible and don't have undeclared
dependencies. It makes it so packages work consistently across
machines. Zero to Nix is an introduction to Nix that covers how to use
Nix to create declarative and reproducible development environments
and package builds. 

JINJAX (WEBSITE)
[https://jinjax.scaletti.dev/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

JinjaX features components to replace Jinja template code. It makes
code easy to understand and test. JinjaX can wrap content such as HTML
in a natural way. Developers can choose to replace all templates with
components or just select sections. 

ICEPANEL IS AN INTERACTIVE DIAGRAMMING TOOL TO EXPLAIN COMPLEX
SOFTWARE SYSTEMS, FASTER (SPONSOR)
[https://icepanel.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship_2023_01]


Onboarding new engineers can take months ‚Äî especially if they
struggle to wrap their heads around your software architecture.
IcePanel makes your systems easily explainable with collaborative C4
modelling that‚Äôs built for effective knowledge sharing. Help new
team members navigate your architecture so they can contribute with
confidence!
See a live example (ungated) and book a demo
[https://icepanel.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship_2023_01]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY VR/AR GETS FARTHER AWAY AS IT COMES INTO FOCUS (36 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.matthewball.vc/all/why-vrar-gets-farther-away-as-it-comes-into-focus?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AR/VR technology has proved far harder than many companies expected.
Predictions of what the technology can do keep getting pushed further
back. While the technology has progressed, its usage continues to be
low. This article discusses the history of AR/VR technology, how
different companies have approached the technology, the various
problems the industry faces, and the issues that are stopping the
technology from becoming mainstream. 

NETFLIX‚ÄôS NEW CHAPTER (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/netflixs-new-chapter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The simplified story of Netflix is that it was founded after Reed
Hastings complained about a $40 late charge from Blockbuster, leading
to Blockbuster's eventual demise. This article tells the full story of
how Netflix was founded, how it took down Blockbuster, the company's
entry into streaming, and the future of the company. Hastings grew the
company to its current state, but its future is about creativity and
humanity, which means it is a good time for a change in leadership. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE 4 PILLARS OF BUILDING A GREAT MOBILE APP (SPONSOR)
[https://go.embrace.io/SPON-The-4-Pillars-for-Building-a-Great-Mobile-App_1Get.html?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-1-24-22]


This eBook covers modular architecture design; structuring features
and releases; measuring stability, performance, and impact; and how to
monitor from early on. Get the eBook for free from Embrace
[https://go.embrace.io/SPON-The-4-Pillars-for-Building-a-Great-Mobile-App_1Get.html?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-1-24-22]


PWNING THE ALL GOOGLE PHONE WITH A NON-GOOGLE BUG (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-01-23-pwning-the-all-google-phone-with-a-non-google-bug/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This report details a vulnerability in the Pixel 6's Arm Mali GPU that
can be used to gain arbitrary kernel code execution and root
privileges from an Android app. 

CHATGPT IS 'NOT PARTICULARLY INNOVATIVE,' AND 'NOTHING REVOLUTIONARY',
SAYS META'S CHIEF AI SCIENTIST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/chatgpt-is-not-particularly-innovative-and-nothing-revolutionary-says-metas-chief-ai-scientist/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are several companies with technology very similar to ChatGPT,
which is made of multiple pieces of technology developed by many
parties over the years. 

LAZYVIM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/LazyVim/LazyVim?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

LazyVim is a Neovim setup with a flexible configuration. 

AGI WILL NOT HAPPEN IN YOUR LIFETIME. OR WILL IT? (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://garymarcus.substack.com/p/agi-will-not-happen-in-your-lifetime?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=888615&post_id=97360404&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A transcript of a discussion between Grady Booch and Gary Marcus on
whether Artificial General Intelligence will be achieved in our
lifetimes. 

SCORES OF STANFORD STUDENTS USED CHATGPT ON FINAL EXAMS, SURVEY
SUGGESTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://stanforddaily.com/2023/01/22/scores-of-stanford-students-used-chatgpt-on-final-exams-survey-suggests/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some Stanford professors have overhauled their courses to adapt to how
students might use ChatGPT to complete assignments and exams. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR - HEAD OF SALES (REMOTE, US PREFERRED, $200K - $300K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-sales/203] 

TLDR is hiring a head of sales to own all ad sales/revenue activity
for our newsletters, own deals end to end (prospecting through
onboarding), and contribute as part of our leadership team. 

DIGILAB - INTERNS (REMOTE, UNITED KINGDOM, $50K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/data-science-intern-%40-digilab%2C-a-deeptech-scale-up/196]


digiLab is hiring data science, software engineering, UI/UX, business
development, and marketing interns to develop cutting-edge AI software
to tackle challenging problems like nuclear fusion, air traffic
control, and environmental sustainability. 

RALLY - SALES DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE (REMOTE, $80K - $120K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/sales-development-representative/198] 

Rally is hiring a sales development representative to help cold email
ecommerce merchants looking to build a checkout experience that
reflects their brand. 

VINLI - SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST (REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-data-scientist/197] 

Vinli is hiring a senior data scientist to help us solve the most
pressing challenges in mobility and transportation. 

GISKARD - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FRANCE, $42K - $75K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer/202] 

Giskard is hiring a senior software engineer to help us build our open
source QA platform for AI models. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=775a6eb2-9baf-11ed-b26d-95467fc2f4b3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674558039&t=1674561926&s=086cc27a2b1fd7acd1b9419017fec519ab400c7396cad7a8135d07e6c792c71b].


¬†