# Articles TLDR 26-05-2023

The US Food and Drug Administration has given its approval for
Neuralink to start human testing¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=efab2360-fb96-11ed-a6c8-fb15962bd0f0&pt=campaign&t=1685099615&s=2701abbd16f614694cd0f7ee2d0e8600f5db47cb315c74cb3c012a0e32b22b98]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-26

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE SEARCH STARTS ROLLING OUT CHATGPT-STYLE GENERATIVE AI RESULTS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/05/google-search-starts-rolling-out-chat-gpt-style-generative-ai-results/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's Search Generative Experience is now rolling out to
early-access users. The feature displays generative AI results above
the normal search results. Its design makes it so users don't have to
click on links to get the information they want. A waitlist to try out
the feature is available through the Google Search app. Screenshots of
the feature are available in the article. 

NEURALINK SAYS IT HAS THE FDAS OK TO START CLINICAL TRIALS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/05/neuralink-says-it-has-the-fdas-ok-to-start-clinical-trials/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US Food and Drug Administration has given its approval for
Neuralink to start human testing. Neuralink is not ready to start
recruiting test subjects yet. Initial tests will likely focus entirely
on safety. Neuralink previously had a bid to start clinical trials
rejected by the FDA. It is a positive sign for the company that it was
able to address federal regulators' concerns in a relatively short
period. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

MENINGITIS VACCINE SUCCESSFULLY INDUCES IMMUNE RESPONSE AGAINST FIVE
BACTERIAL STRAINS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/health/meningitis-vaccine-against-five-bacterial-strains?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new meningitis vaccine is expected to roll out in the coming months.
The results of NmCV-5's phase 3 trial were recently published. The
study found that the vaccine boosted immune protection against all
five strains of meningococcal bacteria. Meningitis most commonly
affects 26 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, where it killed
approximately 25,000 people in 2019. 

AT LONG LAST, THE GLORIOUS FUTURE WE WERE PROMISED IN SPACE IS ON THE
WAY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/05/at-long-last-the-glorious-future-we-were-promised-in-space-is-on-the-way/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA awarded a $3.4 billion contract to a team led by Blue Origin last
Friday to design and construct a second Human Landing System to fly
astronauts to the Moon. NASA has now selected two vehicles based
around the concept of multiple launches and the capability to store
and transfer propellant in space. This will transform how humans
explore outer space. While developing these technologies will be
challenging, the science behind the technology is solid so it will
just take time to engineer solutions. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

VANJS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/vanjs-org/van?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

VanJS is an ultra-lightweight, zero-dependency, and unopinionated
Reactive UI framework. It can create user interfaces that run on any
device, including smartphones. Programming with VanJS feels a lot like
React. Everything in VanJS is built with simple JavaScript functions
and DOM. 

AI CANON (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/25/ai-canon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

It is difficult for AI experts to keep up with everything new and even
harder for beginners to know where to start. This post shares a
curated list of resources for learning about modern AI. These papers,
blog posts, courses, and guides have significantly impacted the field
over the past several years. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ASK HN: HOW DO YOU NOT TAKE CRITICISM OF YOUR WORK PERSONALLY? (HACKER
NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36056299] 

This Hacker News thread discusses how to better receive constructive
criticism. The discussion ranges from whether one should determine
their self-worth by their work to practical mindsets to adopt. 

LAYOFFS PUSH DOWN SCORES ON GLASSDOOR: THIS IS HOW COMPANIES RESPOND
(13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/layoffs-push-down-scores-on-glassdoor/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Recent layoffs have caused some companies to go into 'Glassdoor crisis
management mode'. This article looks at what HR departments are doing
to raise their scores. While Glassdoor's policy makes it clear
companies can't remove reviews, employers can still flag reviews for
violating community guidelines or spam. Employers frequently claim
reviews are written by impersonators or that they contain misleading
content. Glassdoor has only acted on reviews that are clearly against
its guidelines. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EXPECTATIONS DEBT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/expectations-debt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Expectations are like a debt that must be repaid before experiencing
enjoyment. 

BORINGNESS IN DESIGN SYSTEMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://daverupert.com/2023/05/boringness-in-design-systems/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The restrictions around designing components result in defensive
designs that end up being bland and similar to every other component. 

MARK ZUCKERBERG UNVEILS ‚ÄòSCRAPPIER‚Äô FUTURE AT META AFTER LAYOFFS
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Tl3Nk#selection-277.45-435.212?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Zuckerberg said he hopes that Meta will have more stability but less
bureaucracy in the future. 

WINDOWS AND THE AI PLATFORM SHIFT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/windows-and-the-ai-platform-shift/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's integration of AI is making Windows interesting again. 

THE STATE OF GPT (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/altryne/status/1661236778458832896?s=20] 

This Twitter thread contains notes from the Andrej Karpathy
presentation on May 24 about the state of GPT, which discussed the GPT
Assistant training pipeline, LLM psychology, and best practices. 

TIKTOK IS TESTING AN AI CHATBOT CALLED TAKO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/25/23737017/tiktok-ai-chatbot-tako-test?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tako recommends videos to users based on what people ask it. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=efab2360-fb96-11ed-a6c8-fb15962bd0f0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685095221&t=1685099615&s=4a81a46d0b33cff8e412087b6eeeac698078b5cae5ba245e85f17951a5780ff0].


¬†