# Articles TLDR 16-03-2023

OpenAIs GPT-4 is a significant improvement on its predecessor,
GPT-3.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4c6234be-c3d8-11ed-908a-bda7c0cda591&pt=campaign&t=1678965274&s=b02fbfd693bbc06b7012e218e463558f034f845accc3237c140ba5c984f6ade6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[http://www.moderntreasury.com/building-bank-resiliency?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_bank_resiliency&utm_medium=email]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-16

LEARNING FROM BANK FAILURE: HOW TO BUILD RESILIENT PAYMENT SYSTEMS
(SPONSOR)
[http://www.moderntreasury.com/building-bank-resiliency?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_bank_resiliency&utm_medium=email]


Multi-banking and payments resiliency have never been more
top-of-mind. Many companies across industries‚Äîincluding fintech,
payroll, real estate, and marketplaces‚Äîare reevaluating their
payment systems. It‚Äôs become clear that building reliable payments
infrastructure and strong bank relationships are critical steps to
reduce payments risk and avoid future disruptions.¬†
Modern Treasury provides a single, robust API
[http://www.moderntreasury.com/building-bank-resiliency?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_bank_resiliency&utm_medium=email]¬†that
allows you to scale payments with multiple banks, accounts, and rails.
With¬†Modern Treasury‚Äôs operating system
[http://www.moderntreasury.com/building-bank-resiliency?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_bank_resiliency&utm_medium=email],
you can integrate with¬†¬†20+ banks, build redundancy into your bank
integrations, and future-proof your payment operations.

Your customers depend on you.¬†Start building for payments resilience
[http://www.moderntreasury.com/building-bank-resiliency?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_bank_resiliency&utm_medium=email].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INTERVIEW WITH OPENAI‚ÄôS GREG BROCKMAN: GPT-4 ISN‚ÄôT PERFECT, BUT
NEITHER ARE YOU (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/15/interview-with-openais-greg-brockman-gpt-4-isnt-perfect-but-neither-are-you/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI's GPT-4 is a significant improvement on its predecessor, GPT-3.
It allows developers to prescribe its style and behavior more easily
and produces more factually accurate statements. GPT-4's image
analysis capabilities mean that it can caption and explain the
contents of photos. The model shows nearly human-level skill in
domains like calculus and law. It still shares limitations with GPT-3,
such as hallucinated facts and basic reasoning errors. 

IT SURE SEEMS LIKE AMAZON IS MAKING A NEW WEB BROWSER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/amazon-prime-new-web-browser-survey-1850224922?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon sent a survey to its users asking detailed questions regarding
what features they would like to see in a new desktop/laptop browser
from the company. Users who completed the survey rated the importance
of features like text-to-speech, extensions, browser data syncing
across desktop and mobile devices, and blocking third-party cookies.
Amazon's potential entry into the browser market comes at a time when
the ad industry is preparing for a massive change. Google plans to
eliminate third-party cookies in the Chrome browser, a primary tool
used by businesses for consumer tracking in ads. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SOUTH KOREA TO BUILD 'WORLD'S LARGEST' CHIP CENTER IN GREATER SEOUL
WITH $230 BILLION INVESTMENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/03/15/tech/korea-chips-investment-hnk-intl/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


South Korea and Samsung Electronics plan to construct an enormous
facility to manufacture computer chips in the greater Seoul area. The
plant will join the existing memory semiconductor manufacturing
complexes, creating the world's largest Semiconductor Mega Cluster. It
will cost around $230 billion and be located in the Gyeonggi province.
The project will take around 20 years to complete. 

HERE‚ÄôS THE NEW SPACESUIT THAT ASTRONAUTS WILL WEAR WHEN THEY RETURN
TO THE MOON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/15/23641727/nasa-astronaut-spacesuit-artemis-iii-moon-axiom-space?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA has revealed a new spacesuit for the Artemis program created by
Axiom Space. The Axiom Extravehicular Mobility Unit (AxEMU) has
improved mobility and safety requirements, including added joints and
thermal requirements for the Moon's south pole. The prototype features
a dark gray color but the real version will be white for thermal
reasons. AxEMU will enable movements like walking and picking things
up from the ground that were impossible in the older design. Pictures
of the suit are available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DESIGN NOTES ON THE 2023 WIKIPEDIA REDESIGN (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexhollender.com/wikipedia-2023-redesign?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Wikipedia desktop interface has been redesigned. The last
significant change to the interface was made in 2004. Since then,
usability for new editors has been improved and the editing experience
was updated. However, the general layout and reading experience
remained largely unchanged until the redesign began in 2019. Devices
have changed significantly since 2004, resulting in the need for a
modernized interface. This article contains notes on the redesign of
the Wikipedia desktop interface by Alex Hollender, who led the
project. 

THE MULTI-MODAL, MULTI-MODEL, MULTI-EVERYTHING FUTURE OF AGI (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://lspace.swyx.io/p/multimodal-gpt4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OpenAI's latest artificial intelligence language model, GPT-4, has
improved significantly from its last iteration, GPT-3. It can perform
new tasks like math and help with taxes. GPT-4 is also considered
safer, with 20-30% less hallucinations and unsafe content. It is a
multimodal model that can read images and text, convert sketches of
websites into code, and offer summarizations of images. Currently,
access to the API is on a waitlist. The multimodal visual API
capability is exclusively available only for BeMyEyes, an assistive
app for the visually impaired. 

FREE COURSE: RUN SERVERLESS WITH KNATIVE ON KUBERNETES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.linode.com/content/try-knative/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-q1_newsletters&utm_content=&utm_term=]


Knative is a Kubernetes-based platform for running serverless. In this
course + article, Justin Mitchel, founder of Coding for Entrepreneurs,
will show you how to install Knative to a Kubernetes cluster
[https://www.linode.com/content/try-knative/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-q1_newsletters&utm_content=&utm_term=]
and deploy a containerized application.
Sign up for full access, free
[https://www.linode.com/content/try-knative/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-q1_newsletters&utm_content=&utm_term=]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

OPENAI CHECKED TO SEE WHETHER GPT-4 COULD TAKE OVER THE WORLD (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/openai-checked-to-see-whether-gpt-4-could-take-over-the-world/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI allowed an AI testing group to evaluate the risks of its newly
released GPT-4 AI model. The testing group found that GPT-4 was
ineffective at autonomous replication. The potential for models
capable of being an existential risk to human society is not a new
concern. The AI alignment community, fearing that powerful AI systems
with superhuman intelligence may be close, wants to mitigate all
possible AI harms. The emergence of large language models such as Bing
Chat and ChatGPT has given these efforts renewed urgency. 

HOW SIRI, ALEXA AND GOOGLE ASSISTANT LOST THE A.I. RACE (8 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/YepWM?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant had more than a decade to become
indispensable, but they were hampered by clunky design and
miscalculations. The tech world is now gushing over AI-powered bots
such as ChatGPT. ChatGPT has been used to handle complex tasks like
coding software, drafting business proposals, and writing fiction. The
excitement around chatbots illustrates how Siri, Alexa, and other
voice assistants have squandered their lead in the AI race. Many big
tech companies are now racing to come up with responses to ChatGPT. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MAKE YOUR APP ENTERPRISE READY WITH WORKOS (SPONSOR)
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]


WorkOS APIs enable you to ship complex enterprise features in just
minutes. This means you can focus entirely on core product features
rather than SSO or User Provisioning. Start free today
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]


DOCKER IS DELETING OPEN SOURCE IMAGES - HERE IS WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.alexellis.io/docker-is-deleting-open-source-images/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Docker Hub users who have created an organization will have their
account and all images deleted if they do not upgrade to a paid team
plan. 

SPACEX STARLINK ROLLS OUT $200 PER MONTH ‚ÄòGLOBAL‚Äô SATELLITE
INTERNET PACKAGE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/15/23641944/spacex-starlink-global-satellite-internet-portable-mobile?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starlink Roam, which has replaced Starlink RV, is available anywhere
in the world for $200 per month. 

U.S.THREATENS BAN IF TIKTOK‚ÄôS CHINESE OWNERS DON‚ÄôT SELL STAKES (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/i5HEi?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

TikTok says that a forced sale wouldn't address perceived security
risks and that it plans to spend $1.5 billion on a program to
safeguard US user data. 

MIRRORFUL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Mirrorful/mirrorful?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Mirrorful is a simple design system infrastructure that can generate
colors and other design tokens and then import those tokens directly
into apps. 

IN PURSUIT OF LUNAR OXYGEN, FIRM DISCOVERS RECIPE FOR NET-ZERO STEEL
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/lunar-oxygen-recipe-carbon-free-steel?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sodium can be used instead of coal for manufacturing steel in a
process that reduces direct carbon emissions to zero. 

OPENAI CO-FOUNDER ON COMPANY‚ÄôS PAST APPROACH TO OPENLY SHARING
RESEARCH: ‚ÄòWE WERE WRONG‚Äô (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/15/23640180/openai-gpt-4-launch-closed-research-ilya-sutskever-interview?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI hasn't released any information on the data used to train
GPT-4, its energy costs, or the specific hardware or methods used to
create it. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

SOURCEGRAPH - HEAD OF AI (FULLY REMOTE, $235,830+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-ai/407] 

Sourcegraph is hiring a Head of AI to help create the most powerful
coding assistant in the world for a company that specializes in
web-based code search and navigation tools for dev teams. 

SOURCEGRAPH - SECURITY ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $136,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/security-engineer/408] 

Sourcegraph is hiring a Security Engineer to build world-class
security into Sourcegraph's codebase, product, cloud, and on-premise
deployments. 

BEX TECHNOLOGIES - HEAD OF ENGINEERING (FULLY REMOTE, $90 - $120)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-engineering/414] 

bex technologies is hiring a Head of Engineering to lead the
engineering team for a logistics platform in the construction
industry. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4c6234be-c3d8-11ed-908a-bda7c0cda591&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678960825&t=1678965274&s=c2ec720b5b887c3d4c456d32463442d54389cfc8bf2635cd2f97092e8c0a3409].


¬†