# Articles TLDR 30-01-2023

OpenAI has hired around 1,000 remote contractors over the past six
months from areas such as Latin America and Eastern Europe.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c96638f0-a06c-11ed-8bd2-314363bcfabd&pt=campaign&t=1675080460&s=32cf91b0f7f224fdeb4113ae7654f9d69e626b8e7217dd27c9e990aa9dcf6133]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-30

HIRE THROUGH TLDR'S FREE JOB BOARD (SPONSOR)
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

If you're looking to hire top technical talent, sign up for our free
job board. Thousands of engineers, designers, and other tech workers
visit the job board each day, and I will be curating the most
interesting job listings to showcase in the Jobs section below. Sign
up here. [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up] 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI HAS HIRED AN ARMY OF CONTRACTORS TO MAKE BASIC CODING OBSOLETE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/01/27/2023/openai-has-hired-an-army-of-contractors-to-make-basic-coding-obsolete?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has hired around 1,000 remote contractors over the past six
months from areas such as Latin America and Eastern Europe. Of these
contractors, around 60% are responsible for data labeling and the
other 40% are programmers creating data for OpenAI's models to learn
software engineering tasks. It appears that OpenAI is building a
dataset that includes not only lines of code, but also human
explanations behind them written in natural language. The company's
headcount is currently at 375 people, not including contractors. 

APPLE'S HEADSET WILL REPORTEDLY LET CUSTOMERS CREATE AR APPS VIA SIRI
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/01/27/apple-headset-ar-apps-via-siri/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is reportedly developing new tools that will enable both
developers and customers to create augmented reality apps for its
anticipated AR/VR headset. The tools would allow users to easily
create AR apps without the need for coding. Apple already offers some
AR creation tools on the iPhone and iPad that could be expanded to the
headset. The headset is expected to be released later this year. The
software tools for the headset could be revealed at Apple's WWDC in
June. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AI HAS DESIGNED BACTERIA-KILLING PROTEINS FROM SCRATCH ‚Äì AND THEY
WORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.newscientist.com/article/2356597-ai-has-designed-bacteria-killing-proteins-from-scratch-and-they-work/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An AI-designed anti-microbial protein was tested in real life and
shown to work. ProGen works similarly to other AIs that can create
text. It was trained on the amino acid structure of 280 million
existing proteins. Of the 100 molecules researchers synthesized, 66
reacted in ways that suggest that they could be effective in killing
bacteria. The same approach could be used to create new medicines. 

SMALLER, CHEAPER FLOW BATTERIES THROW OUT DECADES-OLD DESIGNS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/flow-battery?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Flow batteries are a promising technology for making solar and wind
power a regular part of the grid. They could theoretically be scaled
up to megawatt-hours by increasing their tank size. Flow batteries
have longer lifetimes and are safer than lithium-ion batteries.
However, their capital cost is more than twice that of lithium-ion
batteries, making them expensive. Researchers have managed to reduce
the size of a flow battery cell by 75 percent by replacing flat
electrodes and membranes with wire electrodes and tubular membranes.
The new design could decrease the cost of flow-battery power modules
by around half. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CARBONYL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/fathyb/carbonyl#usage?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Carbonyl is a Chromium-based browser built to run in a terminal. It
supports running almost all Web APIs, including WebGL, WebGPU, audio
and video playback, and animations. Carbonyl starts up in less than a
second and runs at 60 FPS with 0% CPU usage when idle. It is
compatible with safe-mode consoles and can even be used through SSH.
Carbonyl has only been tested on Linux and macOS. 

START CODING AT THE POINT OF LEAST CERTAINTY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/start-coding-at-the-point-of-least-certainty/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


If there is a risk that a project cannot be done, you should start the
project by addressing that risk. Build a quick and dirty prototype of
the riskiest part of the project first. It is easy to build a
platform, but it would be a waste of time if the actual task can't be
accomplished. 

HOW TO MONITOR KUBERNETES AND CONTAINERIZED APPLICATIONS IN AZURE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/azure-container-ebook/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-azurecontainer-ebookAsset:%20https://lp.datadoghq.com/rs/875-UVY-685/images/Content-eBookAzureContainers.pdf]


In this eBook, you‚Äôll learn how to deploy and monitor containerized
applications using Azure and Datadog. Find out how Azure Kubernetes
Service works, how to use Datadog to monitor Azure Kubernetes Service,
and additional best practices for monitoring containerized
applications in Azure. Get the full ebook from Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/azure-container-ebook/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-azurecontainer-ebookAsset:%20https://lp.datadoghq.com/rs/875-UVY-685/images/Content-eBookAzureContainers.pdf]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MARK ZUCKERBERG REPORTEDLY SAID HE DOESN'T LIKE SEEING 'MANAGERS
MANAGING MANAGERS,' FUELING SPECULATION OF MORE LAYOFFS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/mark-zuckerberg-might-cut-metas-middle-management-report-2023-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mark Zuckerberg has reportedly stated that he is not a fan of multiple
layers of management. The company's Chief Product Officer wrote a post
earlier this month about the need to 'flatten' the organization's
structure. All of this implies that further layoffs are likely. Meta
made one of the largest staff reductions in its history in November,
laying off more than 11,000 people. It is among the many tech
companies that have reduced their workforces in the last few months. 

BRYAN JOHNSON'S BLUEPRINT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://nintil.com/bryan-johnson-blueprint/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bryan Johnson, the founder of Braintree, recently began a program
called 'Blueprint' with the goal of slowing down (and potentially
reversing) the aging process. Blueprint is a combination of diet,
exercise, and supplements that may be beneficial to health and
longevity. The evidence behind some of the supplements is not
definitive. Johnson has made the entire program open source. People
can view Johnson's dietary and exercise habits, as well as his
biomarkers and how they have changed over time on the Blueprint
website. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE‚ÄôS NEW AI TURNS TEXT INTO MUSIC (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/28/23574573/google-musiclm-text-to-music-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


MusicLM can create musical pieces that play for several minutes and
even take a tune that has been whistled or hummed and transform it
into other instruments. 

CONTRACTS YOU SHOULD NEVER SIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/contracts-you-should-never-sign/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article provides a list of types of contracts and clauses that
developers shouldn't sign or should be wary of. 

MY FIRST RECESSION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://gadi.fm/posts/recession/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A whole generation is experiencing a recession for the first time. 

NATURAL LANGUAGE IS THE LAZY USER INTERFACE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://austinhenley.com/blog/naturallanguageui.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is lazy to expect users to primarily interact with software using
natural language as it puts all the burden on the user to articulate
good questions rather than allowing them to iteratively and
incrementally explore problems and solutions in a variety of ways. 

THE LOCAL-ONLY WEB (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://paul.kinlan.me/the-local-only-web/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The File System API provides developers with file-system semantics in
their web apps as well as the ability to access files and folders
outside of the browser's sandbox, making it a game-changing primitive.


BIG TECH WAS MOVING CAUTIOUSLY ON AI. THEN CAME CHATGPT (14 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/jErjz?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Pressure is mounting on tech giants such as Meta and Google to move
quickly and potentially disregard safety concerns in response to the
growing interest in ChatGPT. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

CIRCLE - LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER (INTERNAL TOOLS) (FULLY REMOTE,
$145000 - $160000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-software-engineer-(internal-tools)/231] 

Circle is hiring a Lead Software Engineer to build essential
infrastructure and tooling to help customers faster and more
efficiently. 

NUNA, INC. - SECURITY ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $151000 - $180000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/security-engineer/228] 

Nuna, Inc. is hiring a Security Engineer to help build data solutions
to measure and improve healthcare costs and quality outcomes for
payers and providers. 

IMPACT FUNDRY - FULL STACK DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $12000 - $25000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-developer/229] 

Impact Fundry is hiring a Full Stack Developer to help startups
achieve high growth and create a positive impact on the world. 

WALTZ HEALTH - SENIOR FRONTEND DEVELOPER (UNITED STATES, $120000 -
$200000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-frontend-developer/226] 

Waltz Health is hiring a Senior Frontend Developer to use AI-driven
marketplaces and new consumer tools to revolutionize the
pharmaceutical supply chain and reduce the costs of prescription care.


CAPSICOHEALTH, INC. - JUNIOR DATA ENGINEER AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (NEW
JERSEY, $80000 - $120000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/junior-data-engineer-and-software-developer/225]


CapsicoHealth, Inc. is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Junior
Data Engineer and Software Developer to help build data architectures,
ETL implementations, and front-end tools for a top HomeHealth
non-profit organization in New Jersey. 

TRADEMACHINES - FRONTEND DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/frontend-developer-(remote-in-germany)/221] 

TradeMachines is hiring a Frontend Developer to facilitate the fast
and fair buying and selling of used machinery. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c96638f0-a06c-11ed-8bd2-314363bcfabd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675076441&t=1675080460&s=eb168281408af20b1f1bfc883f09e32216a647869e6ed73322a59e725f3118a3].


¬†