# Articles TLDR 21-09-2023

DALL-E 3, OpenAI‚Äôs latest text-to-image generator, will be available
to ChatGPT Plus and Enterprise customers in early October¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=83a22f4c-585c-11ee-acf8-eb9e217e2ce8&pt=campaign&t=1695293198&s=c6d952e9376b8c72f697fcd15b25dc534c16598e74bfe0519fb425d2862aad37]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Roots]
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send]

TLDR 2023-09-21

WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A REAL ESTATE FUND TREATS RESIDENTS AS PARTNERS, NOT
TENANTS? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send]

Roots
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send]
is an innovative real estate fund that anyone can join
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send&utm_source=email]
and builds wealth for both investors and residents.
Roots buys properties, fixes them up, and rents them out. Renters get
invested in the fund for paying on time, taking care of property, and
being good neighbors. Investors get quarterly liquidity.

The results? üìä¬†Roots is up 36% since its inception in July 2021.
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send&utm_source=email]

üè†¬†97% occupancy rate

üìà¬†Net asset value $15,558,267.46

üí∞ $16m+ invested and¬†$229,806.00 distributions last quarter

üë™¬†$272,000+ of wealth created for residents

TLDR readers join 1,500+ investors: Start investing in Roots for as
little as $100 in as little as 5 minutes.
[https://www.investwithroots.com/tldr/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_content=TLDR%209.21.23%20Send&utm_source=email]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI‚ÄôS NEW AI IMAGE GENERATOR PUSHES THE LIMITS IN DETAIL AND
PROMPT FIDELITY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/openai-announces-dall-e-3-a-next-gen-ai-image-generator-based-on-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

DALL-E 3, OpenAI‚Äôs latest text-to-image generator, will be available
to ChatGPT Plus and Enterprise customers in early October. OpenAI has
yet to release any technical details about the model. DALL-E 3 refines
small details like hands more effectively and can create engaging
images without hacks or prompt engineering. Examples of images
generated with DALL-E 3 along with their prompts are available in the
article. 

AMAZON IS SET TO SUPERCHARGE ALEXA WITH GENERATIVE AI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/20/23880764/amazon-ai-alexa-generative-llm-smart-home?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon unveiled an all-new Alexa voice assistant powered by a large
language model during its fall hardware event on Wednesday. The new
Alexa can understand conversational phrases and respond appropriately,
interpret context more effectively, and complete multiple requests
from one command. It could take home automation to the next level.
Amazon will roll out the new assistant slowly to customers in the US
through a preview program in the coming months. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FOR THE FIRST TIME, RESEARCHERS DECODED THE RNA OF AN EXTINCT ANIMAL
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencenews.org/article/first-time-decode-rna-extinct-animal-tasmanian?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers have successfully extracted and decoded RNA from a
thylacine. The sample was taken from a roughly 130-year-old museum
specimen. The research could help scientists in bringing the species
back from extinction. It also helped transform the way scientists view
museum and archive specimens. 

PERMISSION DENIED FOR REENTRY OF VARDA‚ÄôS ORBITING EXPERIMENT CAPSULE
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/09/permission-denied-for-reentry-of-vardas-orbiting-experiment-capsule/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Varda Space Industries‚Äô satellite has been in orbit for two months
longer than originally planned as it waits for government approval to
return to Earth with its cache of pharmaceutical specimens. The
satellite launched on June 12 without a reentry license. Its purpose
was to demonstrate Varda‚Äôs technology for producing commercial
materials inside a recoverable capsule designed to return the products
to Earth. The FAA denied Varda‚Äôs reentry license as the company did
not demonstrate compliance with regulatory requirements. A request for
reconsideration is pending. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

BUILD AI-POWERED EMAIL ‚úâÔ∏è AND SCHEDULING üóìÔ∏è CAPABILITIES FOR
FREE WITH NYLAS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.nylas.com/api-request-demo/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-09-21-issue-demo]

Build your users‚Äô new favorite feature! Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-09-21-issue-DSU]
lets you sync data and automate tasks from users‚Äô inboxes,
calendars, and address books ‚Äî using the same embedded email +
calendar APIs that power Upwork, Crunchbase, and Wix.
>> Start building with a free Nylas account
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-09-21-issue-DSU].
No credit card required.

>> Bookmark the 30-minute technical demo
[https://info.nylas.com/nylas-101-on-demand-replay.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-09-21-issue-nylas-101-replay].
Ready-to-go sample apps, actually helpful docs, SDKs (Node, Python,
Ruby, Java), and much more.

ELECTRICSQL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/electric-sql/electric?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ElectricSQL is a local-first sync layer for web and mobile apps. It
enables developers to build reactive, real-time, and local-first apps
directly on Postgres. ElectricSQL makes apps feel instant as app code
talks directly to a local database. It supports multi-user
collaboration and conflict-free offline. 

INTRODUCING RUNES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://svelte.dev/blog/runes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Svelte 5's runes unlock universal, fine-grained reactivity in
JavaScript. They use function syntax to achieve the same things and
more as let, =, the export keyword, and the $: label. Svelte 5 is not
yet in production, but developers can test its new features through an
interactive playground on its preview site. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE AND GOLDMAN WERE PLANNING STOCK-TRADING FEATURE FOR IPHONES
UNTIL MARKETS TURNED LAST YEAR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/20/apple-goldman-sachs-were-planning-a-stock-trading-feature-for-iphones.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple and Goldman Sachs were working on an investing feature that
would let customers buy and sell stocks in 2020. The project was
canceled as the markets went south last year. It was meant to roll out
in 2022 and allow iPhone users to put money into Apple shares. The
infrastructure for the feature is mostly built and ready to go, should
Apple eventually decide to move forward with it. 

LANGUAGE MODEL UXES IN 2027 (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://vishnumenon.com/lightrail/2023/09/17/AI-Interfaces.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article explores what large language model-powered software might
look like in the medium-term future. LLMs are going to significantly
shift how we interact with computers. The current state of the
technology seems rudimentary and it's increasingly clear that
generative AI can't quite replace the other UX innovations that have
been introduced over the last several decades. LLM UXes will likely
evolve to have a memory of past interactions in order to provide more
relevant responses. 

WANT TO BE PART OF TLDR? (TLDR JOB)

Hey everyone, TLDR is hiring an Advertising Sales Director with
experience in software or media sales to join our fully remote team of
seven to lead the next phase of our revenue growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Responsibilities include building relationships with advertising
partners and marketing agencies and handling complex sales.

Total compensation including commission will be between $150,000 -
$225,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech [/%E2%80%9Cmailto:jobs@tldr.tech] along with a few
sentences on why you would be a good fit.

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TESLA MIGHT HAVE 2 MILLION CYBERTRUCK RESERVATIONS, TALLY SAYS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/09/15/tesla-cybertruck-reservations-tally-2-million/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla received over 250,000 reservations for the Cybertruck within a
week of its unveiling and continued getting hundreds more reservations
every week since. 

EVERY PROGRAMMER SHOULD KNOW #1: IDEMPOTENCY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.berkansasmaz.com/every-programmer-should-know-idempotency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Idempotency refers to the property of an operation or function that
produces the same result when applied multiple times as it does when
applied only once. 

THE SIGNAL PROTOCOL USED BY 1+ BILLION PEOPLE IS GETTING A
POST-QUANTUM MAKEOVER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/signal-preps-its-encryption-engine-for-the-quantum-doomsday-inevitability/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Signal Protocol added a layer of encryption using a post-quantum
cryptography algorithm that the National Institute of Standards and
Technology selected as a potential replacement for quantum-vulnerable
forms of encryption last year. 

FACEBOOK CHANGED ITS LOGO ‚Äî SEE IF YOU CAN TELL THE DIFFERENCE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/20/23883126/meta-facebook-changed-logo-design-wordmark-reactions?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Facebook‚Äôs new logo features a darker blue and a few other subtle
tweaks. 

HOW TO BE THE FAVORITE ENGINEER AMONG YOUR PRODUCT MANAGER AND
DESIGNER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/how-to-be-the-favorite-engineer-among?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article covers how to overcome the two most common challenges
when working with designers and product managers and how to build a
working relationship that makes you one of their favorite engineers to
work with. 

XML IS BETTER THAN YAML. HEAR ME OUT... (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://changelog.com/posts/xml-better-than-yaml?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

XML is better than YAML as there are situations where XML is
appropriate but there aren‚Äôt any situations where YAML is
appropriate. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=83a22f4c-585c-11ee-acf8-eb9e217e2ce8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695290427&t=1695293198&s=c674972233657e155a9e68a985790f6c72ba170da412533b565ca1085288092a].