# Articles TLDR 01-09-2023

OpenAI is dedicating 20% of its computing power to solve the AI
alignment problem by 2027.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ab4f26b0-48a0-11ee-b38d-91e9507aa00a&pt=campaign&t=1693564964&s=40b9d36e224f33f7db0dda8a5f1c9fa7e7443880d8a7a11816035e769697ec95]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-01

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TESLA MODEL 3 HIGHLAND OFFICIALLY UNVEILED WITH NEW DESIGN AND MORE
FEATURES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/08/31/tesla-model-3-highland-officially-unveiled-with-new-design-and-more-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla has officially unveiled its Model 3 refresh. Updates include a
'facelifted' front-end design, more screen space, and increased range.
The company claims that more than half the parts of the vehicle were
replaced. It appears that the photo of the new vehicle leaked in April
was real. The refreshed Model 3 is now available for order on Tesla's
European sites. More details about what was updated are available in
the article. 

OPENAI‚ÄôS MOONSHOT: SOLVING THE AI ALIGNMENT PROBLEM (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-alignment-problem-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is dedicating 20% of its computing power to solve the AI
alignment problem by 2027. The AI alignment problem is the idea that
AI systems might not have goals that align with those of humans. This
may become a significant issue in the future if superintelligent AI
systems are developed. This article features an interview with Jan
Leike, OpenAI's head of alignment research, where they talk about
solving the AI alignment problem and OpenAI's subgoal of building an
aligned AI research tool to help solve the alignment problem. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

CAN SAMSUNG FOOD USHER IN A NEW ERA FOR THE SMART KITCHEN? (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/31/23853978/samsung-food-app-smart-kitchen-ifa-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Samsung Food is a culmination of everything that Samsung has been
working towards since it released a smart fridge with an Android
tablet in 2016. The software can scan food, offer up tailored recipes,
and sync kitchen appliances together to create meals. It uses
generative AI to create meal plans and build grocery lists. Samsung is
planning to create compatible cooktops, microwaves, refrigerators,
water filters, and other cooking devices. 

RARE OXYGEN ISOTOPE DETECTED AT LAST ‚Äî AND IT DEFIES EXPECTATIONS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02713-3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Oxygen-28 has been detected for the first time. While the isotope was
predicted to be stable, it disintegrated rapidly after creation.
Oxygen-28 is an isotope of oxygen with 12 extra neutrons in its
nucleus. The new findings mean that physicists might have to update
theories of how atomic nuclei are structured. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SCALE AUTOMATED QA WITHOUT OVERSPENDING (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ScaleAutomatedQA09012023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

Most QA teams are too resource-constrained to maintain an automated
end-to-end test suite for their entire product. But costs to scale QA
are hard to justify. The end result? Gaps in test coverage and bugs
shipped to production. Here's a cost-effective solution.
QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ScaleAutomatedQA09012023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
is a new technology-enabled service that gets you to 80% automated
test coverage in just 4 months
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ScaleAutomatedQA09012023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].
Plus, they include 24-hour maintenance, a zero flake guarantee
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ScaleAutomatedQA09012023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter],
and unlimited parallel runs on their Kubernetes infrastructure.

Find out how QA Wolf works üê∫
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ScaleAutomatedQA09012023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

CRONER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Hexagon/croner?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Croner is Cron for JavaScript and TypeScript. It can trigger functions
in JavaScript using Cron syntax, evaluate Cron expressions and get a
list of upcoming run times, target different time zones, and more.
Croner doesn't require any dependencies. A live demo is available. 

EVERYTHING I WISH I KNEW BEFORE MOVING 50,000 LINES OF CODE TO REACT
SERVER COMPONENTS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mux.com/blog/what-are-react-server-components?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

React Server Components (RSCs) are React components that run on the
server instead of the client. Frameworks that support RSCs allow
developers to define where code runs. Server components are able to
fetch data from directly within the component and stream that data to
the client, making fetching data fast and simple. This article
discusses how Mux moved over to using RSCs and covers why Server
Components matter, what they're good and bad at, how to use them, how
to incrementally adopt them, and the kind of advanced patterns to use
to keep RSCs under control. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

USENET, THE OG SOCIAL NETWORK, RISES AGAIN LIKE A TEXT-ONLY PHOENIX (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/30/usenet_revival/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

USENET is a set of text-only social discussion forums run on multiple
servers around the world. It is older than the web. This article
explains how to access USENET. There are many active free communities
available on USENET that cover a huge range of niche topics. 

AI FEVER TURNS ANGUILLA‚ÄôS ‚Äú.AI‚Äù DOMAIN INTO A DIGITAL GOLD MINE
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/08/ai-fever-turns-anguillas-ai-domain-into-a-digital-gold-mine/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Anguilla is a tiny British island territory in the Caribbean. The
country's top-level domain is '.ai'. This appears to be particularly
attractive to tech companies. Experts estimate that the country may
bring in up to $30 million in revenue this year from its domain.
Registrars pay Anguilla $140 for a two-year domain registration, but
prices are rising due to demand. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE CASE FOR NUSHELL (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jntrnr.com/case-for-nushell/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nushell is designed to be a typechecked language with IDE support and
nice error messages. 

OPENAI ANGLES TO PUT CHATGPT IN CLASSROOMS WITH SPECIAL TUTOR PROMPTS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/31/openai-angles-to-put-chatgpt-in-classrooms-with-special-tutor-prompts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ChatGPT could be used to help students translate languages clearly and
correctly, as a grammar tutor, as an idea generator, and more. 

X (N√âE TWITTER) WANTS TO COLLECT YOUR BIOMETRIC DATA AND EMPLOYMENT
HISTORY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/08/x-nee-twitter-wants-to-collect-your-biometric-data-and-employment-history/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

X is planning to collect users' biometric information, employment
history, and educational history starting from September 29. 

HUMAN ANCESTORS NEARLY WENT EXTINCT 900,000 YEARS AGO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02712-4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The population of breeding individuals was reduced to just 1,280,
implying that our ancestors lived in a very localized area during that
period. 

NEW CHROME FEATURE MAKES IT EASIER TO GRAB FULL-RESOLUTION FRAMES FROM
VIDEOS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/31/23854302/google-chrome-copy-video-frame-chromium?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

'Copy Video Frames' allows users to capture high-quality,
non-overlayed frames from source videos. 

OPENAI RAGES AT REPORT THAT GOOGLE'S NEW AI CRUSHES GPT-4 (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/openai-report-google-ai-gpt-4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The report basically said that Google's products will completely
surpass OpenAI's by the end of the year. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ab4f26b0-48a0-11ee-b38d-91e9507aa00a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693562429&t=1693564964&s=c74cbb528254da99dd87553a3cd786ca898f1b760adaf0a559f5abfce5b67c7f].