# Articles TLDR 31-03-2023

Norwegian robotics firm, 1X (previously known as Halodi), has secured
$23.5 million in a Series A2 funding round led by the OpenAI Startup
Fund.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e9293568-cf90-11ed-a6f1-2df68a443789&pt=campaign&t=1680260202&s=95016ac1520885ede45466b9788d4d21f88ec6baaad96872e6ff772f458bd405]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-31

TLDR IS HIRING AN AD SALESPERSON
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-advertising-account-executive/439] 

Hey everyone, TLDR is looking for a resourceful, tech-savvy
advertising account executive with an interest in media and tech to
join us as our fifth full time employee.
To apply, please send a copy of your resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a paragraph on why you would be a good fit for this role.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them and we
will send you $1000 if we hire them.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ARC‚ÄôS MOBILE BROWSER IS HERE ‚Äî AND IT‚ÄôS NOT REALLY A WEB BROWSER
AT ALL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/30/23662130/arc-mobile-browser-hands-on-ios?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Browser Company (TBC) has created a mobile app that brings the
core feature of their Arc desktop browser to mobile phones. Arc's
desktop browser features a sidebar that is a combination of
bookmarking tools and an app launcher. The app is currently just the
sidebar on mobile, but TBC hopes to eventually replace default
browsers. The move to create a mobile app is a part of TBC's goal to
create an operating system for the internet that will change how
people interact with online apps and content. The app is only
available on iOS for existing Arc members by invitation. 

OPENAI TREADS ON TESLA‚ÄôS ROBOT TURF WITH 1X INVESTMENT (6 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/Oqoja?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Norwegian robotics firm, 1X (previously known as Halodi), has secured
$23.5 million in a Series A2 funding round led by the OpenAI Startup
Fund. The funding will support the development of NEO, a bipedal
android, and the scale manufacturing of EVE, 1X's humanoid security
robot. This marks OpenAI's first investment in the robotics industry
and could potentially put it in indirect competition with Tesla. Tesla
has plans to launch a bipedal humanoid robot called the Tesla Bot or
Optimus. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

STRESSED PLANTS ‚ÄòCRY‚Äô ‚Äî AND SOME ANIMALS CAN PROBABLY HEAR THEM
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-00890-9?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Plants emit sounds when they are thirsty or stressed. These sounds are
ultrasonic and difficult for humans to hear, but some animals might be
able to detect them. Plants that have been recently cut or need water
are more likely to produce these sounds. Previous research has found
that plants also respond to sounds created by animals. Recordings of
the sounds produced by plants are available in the article. 

HOW A DNA ‚ÄòPARASITE‚Äô MAY HAVE FRAGMENTED OUR GENES (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.quantamagazine.org/how-a-dna-parasite-may-have-fragmented-our-genes-20230330/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The discovery of a new type of 'jumping gene' could explain why
genomes of complex cells are not all equally stuffed with noncoding
sequences. Genes in the genomes of animals, plants, fungi, and
protists are fragmented, consisting of segments, instead of long
coherent strings of bases, separated by 'introns', intervening
sequences that space out the DNA that encodes proteins. A recent study
of genetic elements called 'introners' showed that they could act like
a genomic parasite by invading genomes and producing clusters of
introns in their wake. Evidence suggests that introners have been
doing this in diverse eukaryotes throughout evolution. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MILLION (WEBSITE) [https://millionjs.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Million.js is a virtual DOM library that speeds up rendering in React
components. It reduces the overhead of the React Reconciler by using
an optimized virtual DOM. Million.js can be used inside React and is
much faster than Preact. It makes it easy to create user interfaces
with fast rendering and load speeds. 

CSS MASKING (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://ishadeed.com/article/css-masking/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Masking is a popular technique in design that is rarely used in web
design due to limited browser support. CSS masking is slated to be
part of Interop 2023, allowing for cross-browser support. This article
looks at the basics of CSS masking and provides examples of how
designers can utilize it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WILL WIKIPEDIA BE WRITTEN BY AI? FOUNDER JIMMY WALES IS THINKING ABOUT
IT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.standard.co.uk/business/wikipedia-written-by-ai-chatbot-jimmy-wales-b1071107.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Jimmy Wales, the co-founder of Wikipedia, is considering the future of
the online encyclopedia and the role of AI within it. While ChatGPT
has the potential for improving the quality of entries, there are
significant drawbacks such as hallucinations. Concerns have been
raised that AI could exacerbate existing biases within Wikipedia. 

BARD REPORTEDLY USED RESPONSES FROM CHATGPT FOR TRAINING, GOOGLE
DENIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/03/30/google-bard-chatgpt-training-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A former AI engineer at Google claims that Google Bard was trained
with data originating from ChatGPT. Google has denied these claims,
stating that Bard is not trained with ChatGPT data. Google's statement
does not firmly rule out the use of ChatGPT data in the past. The
engineer who made the accusations has since left Google for OpenAI. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

UNLOCK THE SECRET TO BUILDING CUTTING-EDGE VOICE APPS IN DEEPGRAM'S
UPCOMING WEBINAR (SPONSOR)
[https://offers.deepgram.com/building-voice-products-with-the-whisper-api-webinar?utm_campaign=0423%20Whisper%20Webinar&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=sponsored%20email%20newsletter&utm_content=march%2031%20newsletter%20deepgram%20whisper%20api%20webinar]


Calling all developers and product builders: join Deepgram to learn
how to create innovative voice apps with the Whisper API and common
pitfalls to avoid. Register today
[https://offers.deepgram.com/building-voice-products-with-the-whisper-api-webinar?utm_campaign=0423%20Whisper%20Webinar&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=sponsored%20email%20newsletter&utm_content=march%2031%20newsletter%20deepgram%20whisper%20api%20webinar]!


LYFT IN TROUBLE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/lyft-in-trouble/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lyfy's recent appointment of a new CEO signals that it is 'wartime' at
the company as it tries to overcome its financial woes. 

GOOGLE ASSISTANT MIGHT BE DOOMED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/google-assistant-might-be-doomed-division-reorganizes-to-focus-on-bard/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Google Assistant division has been reshuffled to heavily
prioritize Bard over Google Assistant. 

THE ANATOMY OF YOUR SALARY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://philipjoubert.com/why-are-you-paid/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the core factors in determining salaries. 

TODAY WE ARE LAUNCHING OUR NEW TWITTER API ACCESS TIERS! (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/TwitterDev/status/1641222782594990080?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Free access will feature write-only use cases and 1,500 Tweets per
month, Basic access will receive 10,000 GET requests and 50,000 POST
requests, 2 app IDs, and login with Twitter for $100 a month, and the
Enterprise tier will get managed services, complete streams, and more
access. 

SPIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/fermyon/spin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Spin is a framework for building and running fast, secure, and
composable cloud microservices with WebAssembly. 

BUZZFEED IS QUIETLY PUBLISHING WHOLE AI-GENERATED ARTICLES, NOT JUST
QUIZZES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/buzzfeed-publishing-articles-by-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


BuzzFeed has published around 40 AI-generated articles that are bland
and similar to one another. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

INPUTLOGIC - PYTHON API DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $80,000 - $120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/python-api-developer/460] 

Inputlogic is hiring a Python API Developer to build scalable APIs for
web and mobile apps for a digital design agency. 

SENSEVEN - FULL STACK DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $60,000 - $70,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-developer/462] 

Senseven is hiring a Full Stack Developer to develop an existing
hybrid app and web app for a company that transforms smartphones into
smart and simple mobile inspection solutions. 

SOJERN - SOFTWARE ENGINEERING MANAGER, DATA INGESTION (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineering-manager%2C-data-ingestion/454]


Sojern is hiring a Software Engineering Manager to lead a data
warehouse team for a company that empowers travel marketers to move
travelers from dream to destination. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e9293568-cf90-11ed-a6f1-2df68a443789&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680256820&t=1680260202&s=d4e454b0c802586a415b2fd4fd29a6237226def818f57c2dd79bd5eb0d8d0b56].


¬†