# Articles TLDR 06-10-2023

OpenAI is exploring making its own artificial intelligence chips.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=534a1388-6413-11ee-83f2-3f5a10d3d584&pt=campaign&t=1696589676&s=4df8f7159954e09ecc78a2ed536deaa5ed2d465eec3f883fb0a854d8e80fe864]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-06

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

DETAILS OF APPLE‚ÄôS TALKS TO REPLACE GOOGLE WITH BING AND EVEN
DUCKDUCKGO REVEALED IN UNSEALED COURT TESTIMONY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/5/23904392/apple-default-search-engine-bing-acquistion-duckduckgo-safari-private-browsing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Newly unsealed court testimonies reveal that Apple held talks with
Microsoft and DuckDuckGo to use their search engines across Apple
devices. The company even considered buying Bing. An internal email
suggests that the talks were a negotiating tactic to extract more
money from Google. Microsoft was aware that it was being used for
leverage. 

EXCLUSIVE-CHATGPT-OWNER OPENAI IS EXPLORING MAKING ITS OWN AI CHIPS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-chatgpt-owner-openai-exploring-011259522.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is exploring making its own artificial intelligence chips. It
has evaluated a potential acquisition target for the move. The
scarcity of graphics processing units is making it difficult for
OpenAI to solve its chip shortage issues. It may take several years
for OpenAI to develop its own chip if it decides to go ahead with the
plan. Success in developing a custom chip is not guaranteed - many
companies, including Meta, have been building their own processors for
years with limited results. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

DESALINATION SYSTEM COULD PRODUCE FRESHWATER THAT IS CHEAPER THAN TAP
WATER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.mit.edu/2023/desalination-system-could-produce-freshwater-cheaper-0927?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of engineers from MIT and China have designed a solar
desalination system that passively turns seawater into drinking water.
It circulates water in swirling eddies, which when combined with the
sun's heat drives water to evaporate and leave salt behind. The
resulting water vapor can be condensed and collected while the
leftover salt circulates out of the device rather than accumulating
and clogging the system. A small suitcase-sized system could produce
up to 6 liters of drinking water per hour and last several years. 

NEW 3D PRINTING APPROACH OFFERS HOPE FOR BRAIN INJURY REPAIR (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/new-3d-printing-approach-offers-hope-for-brain-injury-repair?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists from the University of Oxford have created brain tissue
using human stem cells through 3D printing. They were able to
replicate the structure of the brain's cerebral cortex using the
technique. The technology will provide researchers with new ways to
explore the workings of the brain. It also offers hopes to individuals
who have brain injuries as there is evidence that the printed tissue
can integrate with live brains. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CLOUD COSTS EVERY PROGRAMMER SHOULD KNOW (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vantage.sh/blog/cloud-costs-every-programmer-should-know?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains a list of cloud costs every programmer should
know with a detailed breakdown of the costs. Knowing these numbers
will help programmers make quick cost estimations for a variety of
different projects. They will only need an idea of the architecture
and size of the completed project to calculate a ballpark cost without
needing any complex cost calculator. 

I‚ÄôM NOT A PROGRAMMER, AND I USED AI TO BUILD MY FIRST BOT (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.replit.com/building-my-first-slack-bot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This tutorial guides users through how to build a Slack Bot that uses
Google LLMs to provide daily channel summaries using Replit. Replit's
AI is able to generate and explain code. It speeds up the process of
development and can act as a tutor. The tutorial was written by
someone with no programming experience other than some Python for
basic data manipulation and scraping. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ALAMEDA HAD A $65B LINE OF CREDIT AND ‚ÄòUNLIMITED WITHDRAWALS‚Äô (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/05/sbf-trial-gary-wang/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

FTX co-founder and CTO Gary Wang took the stand recently, admitting to
wire fraud, securities fraud, and commodities fraud and naming Sam
Bankman-Fried, Nishad Singh, and Caroline Ellison as the individuals
he committed the crimes with. Wang had pleaded guilty in December 2022
as part of a cooperation deal. This article provides a detailed look
at Wang's testimony. It covers Alameda's $65 billion line of credit,
how Bankman-Fried controlled the coding process, Alameda's naming
process, and more. 

HOW I STAY MOTIVATED AS A SOLO-CREATOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://herman.bearblog.dev/how-i-stay-motivated-as-a-solo-creator/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

It can be challenging to stay motivated when working on your own.
Things that can help include finding engaging work, building routines,
being intentional with down times, staying active in communities, and
writing. Working solo means there isn't anything specific you have to
do. No one will notice if you decide not to work - but things will
start falling apart if you continue to skip work for too many days. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SPACEX'S STARSHIP HAS 'DECENT CHANCE' OF SUCCESS ON UPCOMING FLIGHT,
ELON MUSK SAYS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.space.com/spacex-elon-musk-starship-expectations-second-flight?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The FAA has yet to award a license for another Starship test launch -
SpaceX also needs to receive environmental approval from the US Fish
and Wildlife Service. 

CHATGPT WILL ‚ÄòHELP US WITH EXTREMELY HARD PROBLEMS‚Äô IN THE FUTURE,
SAYS OPENAI‚ÄôS CHIEF TECH OFFICER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/04/future-of-chatgpt-from-openai-chief-technology-officer.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A revolution in the way we work is coming - this could mean that we
end up working less and the workweek may change entirely. 

WHERE DOES MY COMPUTER GET THE TIME FROM? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://dotat.at/@/2023-05-26-whence-time.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An deep dive into the chain of time sources. 

GOOGLE DEEPMIND UNITES RESEARCHERS IN BID TO CREATE AN IMAGENET OF
ROBOT ACTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/05/google-deepmind-unites-researchers-in-bid-to-create-an-imagenet-of-robot-actions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Open X-Embodiment is a database of more than 14 million images
created by Google's DeepMind robotics team with help from 33 research
institutes. 

LLMS ARE INTERPRETABLE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://timkellogg.me/blog/2023/10/01/interpretability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Large language models are the most interpretable form of machine
learning that has come into broad usage. 

APPLE VISION PRO TO SUPPORT SCREEN MIRRORING VIA AIRPLAY AND OTHER
TIDBITS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/05/apple-vision-pro-screen-mirroring-tidbits/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Code found in the beta 4 release of visionOS 1.0 indicates that
Apple's Vision Pro headset will support screen mirroring via AirPlay
or FaceTime. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=534a1388-6413-11ee-83f2-3f5a10d3d584&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696586418&t=1696589676&s=29fa93d364ce789f3428a8dd1517cad024538a11be24d786a26f8d7fce4e1dd0].