# Articles TLDR 28-03-2023

Parts of Twitters proprietary source code was leaked on GitHub.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=bcd6a110-cd35-11ed-aea5-5bd64533d83a&pt=campaign&t=1680001158&s=057a5124fb939f9be591a4d47e826439dd51da0fb833e055917ae39255da8dd2]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-28

SAY GOODBYE TO TEDIOUS COMPLIANCE TASKS AND SCALE SECURELY WITH DRATA
(SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


	*
Single picture of compliance with 75+ SaaS integrations

	*
24/7 automated monitoring and evidence collection

	*
Actionable insights, alerts, and reports

	*
20+ auditor-approved security policies
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

	*
World-class support from compliance experts

Drata is trusted by thousands for continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001, and
HIPAA compliance. Join top companies like Notion, Lemonade, and
BambooHR. Start with an exclusive offer for TLDR readers today
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TWITTER SAYS SOURCE CODE WAS LEAKED ON GITHUB, NOW IT‚ÄôS TRYING TO
FIND THE CULPRIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/27/23657928/twitter-source-code-leak-github?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Parts of Twitter's proprietary source code was leaked on GitHub.
Twitter filed a DMCA request in order to take down the code, which may
have been public for several months. Twitter has also filed a court
request in California to find the person responsible and to gather
data on GitHub users who may have downloaded the code. The court
filing requests to reveal users' personal information, including
names, addresses, emails, IP addresses, social media profiles, and
telephone numbers. Twitter is reportedly making all code used to
recommend tweets open source by March 31st. 

BIG TECH AND THE PURSUIT OF AI DOMINANCE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/ot8EH?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A new wave of AI models is causing a frenzy of activity in the tech
world. The contest for AI is heating up and it will change the way big
tech deploys the technology. Tech giants have been working on AI for
years and they have the data, computing power, and users to thrive in
the age of AI and to become dominant in the industry. However, there
are many examples of dominant companies in the past making missteps
during periods of significant change and falling into bankruptcy or
irrelevance. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ALOHA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/tonyzzhao/status/1640393026341322754?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ALOHA (A Low-cost Open-source HArdware System for Bimanual
Teleoperation) is a bimanual teleoperation system that is simple,
dependable, performant, and cost-effective. The system costs less than
$20,000. ALOHA can perform precise, dynamic, and contact-rich tasks
such as RAM insertion, juggling a ping pong ball, and putting on a
shoe. The setup has been open-sourced along with a detailed tutorial.
It is composed of off-the-shelf robots and 3D printed components. Kits
are available for purchase. 

ELON MUSK‚ÄôS NEURALINK SEEKING PARTNER FOR CLINICAL TRIALS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.teslarati.com/elon-musk-neuralink-partner-human-trials-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Neuralink has approached the Barrow Neurological Institute to
potentially collaborate on clinical trials. Neuralink‚Äôs goal is to
develop brain implants for treating conditions like paralysis and
blindness. To date, its devices and technology have only been tested
on animals. Neuralink's application for human trials was allegedly
rejected by the US Food and Drug Administration due to safety
concerns. Barrow Neurological Institute is a prime candidate for
conducting brain implant research due to its extensive experience in
the field. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CURSOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/getcursor/cursor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Cursor is a new programming editor that uses AI to generate code. It
offers a range of features, including assisting with code editing,
fixing lint errors, generating tests, comments on hover, and more.
Users can interact with Cursor through a ChatGPT-style interface that
understands the content of the file they are working on. 

AI-ENHANCED DEVELOPMENT MAKES ME MORE AMBITIOUS WITH MY PROJECTS (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Mar/27/ai-enhanced-development/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI enables developers to undertake more ambitious projects. Tools like
ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot save time and increase productivity. This
lowers the threshold for investment in projects, making a wider range
of projects viable for creators. This article contains several
examples of projects that were made possible through AI. 

THE STATE OF SERVERLESS: 9 INSIGHTS FROM TELEMETRY DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-state-of-serverless]


Serverless has become a staple of cloud architecture. But how is it
used in practice? Datadog examined telemetry data
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-state-of-serverless]
from thousands of companies‚Äô serverless applications, and identified
key themes in how teams are using serverless today ‚Äî including
meaningful differences between different cloud providers. Get the full
trends report from Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-state-of-serverless]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHATGPT GETS A COMPUTER (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/chatgpt-learns-computing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Computers are inherently dumb, but at a mindblowing speed. ChatGPT
works by predicting the next word that is most likely going to occur
in a sentence. It can sound intelligent, but the way it works still
makes many doubt its capabilities. Adding plugins for ChatGPT has
increased its abilities and allows it to access information from sites
such as Wolfram Alpha for more accurate information. ChatGPT can use
these plugins to access computers to create better answers. 

TECH‚ÄôS AI ARMIES ARE HUGE, YET STRUGGLING TO INNOVATE (9 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/CQhTI?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Silicon Valley's most significant firms have amassed large AI teams,
yet lack innovative services with substantial impacts. While the
industry's leading technology firms possess an estimated 33,000 people
devoted to AI research and development, they have been slow and
cautious in their approach to services featuring the technology. It
took the launch of ChatGPT to prompt them into action. The larger tech
firms' approach has highlighted the importance of careful exploration,
but it also shows how caution can slow down progress. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

REMOFIRST LETS YOU EMPLOY TALENT IN 150+ COUNTRIES - AFFORDABLY AND
LEGALLY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=mar_28_2023]


Find out how Remofirst manages all of your international HR needs, at
the best possible price, without needing additional entities. TLDR
readers get 2 months free on their first EOR hires in any country.
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=mar_28_2023]


TROUBLED SILICON VALLEY BANK ACQUIRED BY FIRST CITIZENS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/business/first-citizens-to-acquire-silicon-valley-bank/3190963/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SVB customers will automatically become First Citizens customers and
former SVB branches will open as First Citizens branches on Monday. 

WEBKIT FEATURES IN SAFARI 16.4 (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://webkit.org/blog/13966/webkit-features-in-safari-16-4/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Safari 16.4 includes 135 new web features and over 280 polish updates.


ANDROID APP FROM CHINA EXECUTED 0-DAY EXPLOIT ON MILLIONS OF DEVICES
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/android-app-from-china-executed-0-day-exploit-on-millions-of-devices/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Malicious versions of the Pinduoduo app were found on third-party
markets but not on the official Google Play store or Apple's App
Store. 

WHAT DOES THE NEAR FUTURE OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE LOOK LIKE AND
WHAT SHOULD I BUILD? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://elizabethyin.com/2023/03/27/what-does-the-near-future-of-artificial-intelligence-look-like-and-what-should-i-build/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Running both a platform and a consumer strategy is challenging and
allows competitors to go after both sides of the business. 

THE PROSPECT OF AN AI WINTER (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.erichgrunewald.com/posts/the-prospect-of-an-ai-winter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are many indicators that we are in a classic bubble scenario
with AI, which could lead to an AI winter happening by 2030. 

HERE IS THE FBI‚ÄôS CONTRACT TO BUY MASS INTERNET DATA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/dy3z9a/fbi-bought-netflow-data-team-cymru-contract?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A company called Team Cymru obtains netflow data from ISPs which it
then sells to the government. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

ABALTA TECHNOLOGIES - ANDROID APPLICATION DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE,
$100,000 - $134,999)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/android-application-developer/437] 

Abalta Technologies is hiring an Android Application Developer to
design, develop, and integrate a customized application that runs on
Android Automotive OS for a global leader in software design and
development. 

REPUBLIC - VICE PRESIDENT, PEOPLE (NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, $200,000 -
$250,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/vice-president%2C-people/435] 

Republic is hiring a Vice President, People to be responsible for all
aspects of building a best-in-class Human Resources strategy and
department for a global financial technology company that allows
anyone to invest in anything, anywhere. 

SIGNATURE STAKING - LINUX SERVER ADMINISTRATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $100 -
$200) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/linux-server-administrator/444] 

Signature Staking is hiring a Linux Server Administrator to work on a
Linux-based platform for one of the first Cardano Blockchain Network
Nodes. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=bcd6a110-cd35-11ed-aea5-5bd64533d83a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679997622&t=1680001158&s=12e0e1c3116417005f047a92fca936208f2d5e59548d21020eb0fcf4771b5a4c].


¬†