# Articles TLDR 16-08-2023

Googles AI-powered Search Generative Experience will soon be able to
summarize articles on the web.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ce943026-3c06-11ee-a4d1-9b923b2470e7&pt=campaign&t=1692182697&s=2e972b7f7b6a9efb471a7d10d75121898137542f553e548631a9fe8bcfee05a3]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]

TLDR 2023-08-16

THERE‚ÄôS NO SINGLE RIGHT WAY TO BUILD SOFTWARE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]

Every software team is different. What‚Äôs common to all of them? The
desire to build the right things faster
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23].
But as software teams grow, their ability to deliver on that core
mission gets compromised by technical debt, cross-team dependencies,
and poor communication.
Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]
is a productivity platform that helps the best software teams get
better ‚Äî making engineering work visible and helping you balance
speed with quality.

Swarmia has tools to answer your most pressing questions and unblock
your most blocked processes. Leaders love Swarmia because it gives
them visibility into dev work
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]
based on research-backed metrics (such as DORA and SPACE). And
developers love Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]
because it helps them get better without invasive tracking.

Find out what Swarmia can do for your team
[https://www.swarmia.com/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=august23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE CHROME WILL SUMMARIZE ENTIRE ARTICLES FOR YOU WITH BUILT-IN
GENERATIVE AI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/15/23833045/google-artificial-intelligence-summary-chrome-sge?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google's AI-powered Search Generative Experience will soon be able to
summarize articles on the web. The new feature is being rolled out as
an early experiment in Google's opt-in Search Labs program. It will
first be available in the Google app on Android and iOS, with a
desktop launch for the Chrome browser planned for later. The feature
will only work on articles that are freely available to the public. 

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS NEW OFFICE DEFAULT THEME AND FONT ARRIVES IN SEPTEMBER
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/14/23831190/microsoft-office-new-default-theme-font-release-date?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft is rolling out a new Office default theme to Microsoft 365
subscribers next month. Aptos will replace Calibri as the default
after more than 15 years. Yellow has been removed from the color
palette and replaced with a dark green and one of the lighter blues
has been replaced with a dark teal. The default style in Word and
Outlook will now be easier to read and navigate. An image showing the
difference between the old and new themes is available in the article.


üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

META‚ÄôS AI AGENTS LEARN TO MOVE BY COPYING TODDLERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/meta-ai-biomechanics?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta has released the MyoSuite 2.0 collection, a project that applies
machine learning to biomechanical control problems. The MyoSuite
platform includes a collection of baseline musculoskeletal models and
tasks for researchers to attempt. Emulating the human body is
extremely complicated. The research could help develop more capable
robots and realistic avatars for the metaverse. 

INTUITIVE MACHINES SAYS IT IS READY TO FLY TO THE MOON (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/intuitive-machines-says-it-is-ready-to-fly-to-the-moon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Intuitive Machines is ready to launch its Nova-C lander to the Moon.
The company is competing with other US companies for NASA-funded
missions to deliver science experiments and other payloads to the
surface of the Moon. Intuitive Machines has booked a flight on
SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket and is expected to launch in November. It has
a backup window in December in case of any issues. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

KUBERNETES MONITORING WITH DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-productbrief]

You need to understand your entire Kubernetes environment: hosts,
containers, and applications, down to Kubernetes itself.
Learn how Datadog Kubernetes Monitoring
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-productbrief]
enables you to:

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Keep your Control Plane healthy

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Troubleshoot Kubernetes performance issues with metrics, logs,
and distributed traces

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Autodiscover and monitor services, no matter where they spin
up

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Autoscale workloads with any metric from your Datadog
environment

Download the free one-pager
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-productbrief]

LAYERFORM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ergomake/layerform?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Layerform is a Terraform wrapper for building reusable infrastructure.
It uses plain Terraform files and layers to allow teams to reuse core
pieces of infrastructure. Engineers are able to spawn only the
infrastructure layers they need. Layerform makes development
infrastructure much cheaper and quicker to spin up. 

THE COST OF CONVENIENCE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://surma.dev/things/cost-of-convenience/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Abstractions can end up causing frustrations with developers if not
done right. This blog post takes a look at what makes a good developer
experience. Developers should think about their target audience and
what skills the audience is likely to bring to the table when creating
abstractions. The abstraction should rely on these skills to minimize
cognitive friction. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SETAPP READIES ALT APP STORE FOR IPHONE, ENTICES DEVS WITH UP TO 90%
REVENUE SHARE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/15/setapp-readies-alt-app-store-for-iphone-in-eu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple could be forced to open up iOS to third-party app stores in the
EU next year. Setapp has officially announced its mobile app store and
is now taking applications from developers. It is offering developers
access to a dedicated community of users, seamless onboarding, and the
ability to offload commerce and distribution. Developers have the
potential to earn up to 90% of revenue from user fees per month. 

EMPLOYEES IN ASIA ARE SPENDING THE MOST TIME LOOKING BUSY AT WORK,
SAYS SLACK REPORT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/14/employees-in-asia-are-spending-the-most-time-looking-busy-at-work.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Workers in Asia spend the most time on performative work according to
a survey of more than 18,000 desk workers. Performative work involves
spending time appearing busy rather than doing work. South Korea and
the US are tied in first place as countries where workers spent the
least amount of time doing performative work. Worker focus on
appearing busy is likely influenced by the way productivity is
measured. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE'S NEXT BIG SWING AT AI RUMORED TO LAUNCH THIS FALL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/google-ai-gemini-chatbot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Gemini combines the text generation capabilities of large language
models with image generation to create a multifunctional product that
is able to create contextual images. 

HOW IS LLAMA.CPP POSSIBLE? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://finbarr.ca/how-is-llama-cpp-possible/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article explains how LLaMa.cpp is able to run on consumer devices
even though large models are supposed to require expensive GPUs. 

AMERICA‚ÄôS ELECTRICAL GRID IS AN INCREDIBLE FEAT OF ENGINEERING - AND
ITS BIGGEST BOTTLENECK (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/america-s-electrical-grid-is-an-incredible-feat-of-engineering-and-it-s-falling-apart?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

America's power grid is under unprecedented strain due to climate
change and it desperately needs modernizing. 

OPENAI IS USING GPT-4 TO BUILD AN AI-POWERED CONTENT MODERATION SYSTEM
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/openai-is-using-gpt-4-to-build-an-ai-powered-content-moderation-system-184933519.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is using GPT-4 to build a scalable, consistent, and
customizable content moderation system that can aid in developing
policies and swiftly iterating on policy changes. 

THINKING FAST AND SLOPES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drorpoleg.com/thinking-fast-and-slopes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Prospect theory, an explanation for how people make decisions, may not
be entirely applicable to the current economic landscape - embracing
both caution and boldness allows people to navigate this new era of
uncertainty and capitalize on the opportunities it presents. 

HOW CAR THEFT WENT HIGH-TECH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90938354/how-car-theft-went-high-tech?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An overview of the vulnerabilities present in modern-day cars. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ce943026-3c06-11ee-a4d1-9b923b2470e7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692180024&t=1692182697&s=b1574429722c7e18d589f0d40aede291464594348e7e7952a5b5478682829640].