# Articles TLDR 24-03-2023

OpenAI is adding plug-ins to ChatGPT to expand its capabilities.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=562cfb66-ca0c-11ed-aa04-3dd14ee0716b&pt=campaign&t=1679656796&s=21295aa1dfbd87bf0cbaef2d259d56acd85af8178d802e940483da33cdb7cb4b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-24

TLDR IS HIRING AN AD SALESPERSON
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-advertising-account-executive/439] 

Hey everyone, TLDR is looking for a resourceful, tech-savvy
advertising account executive with an interest in media and tech to
join us as our fifth full time employee.
To apply, please send a copy of your resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a paragraph on why you would be a good fit for this role.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them and we
will send you $1000 if we hire them.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI IS MASSIVELY EXPANDING CHATGPT‚ÄôS CAPABILITIES TO LET IT
BROWSE THE WEB AND MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/23/23653591/openai-chatgpt-plugins-launch-web-browsing-third-party?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI is adding plug-ins to ChatGPT to expand its capabilities.
ChatGPT will be able to access live data from the web. The plug-ins
will enable ChatGPT to interact with and browse specific websites.
OpenAI is currently offering access to the new features to a limited
number of users. There are currently plug-ins for 11 external sites,
including OpenTable, Expedia, Zapier, and Kayak. There are also
plug-ins for code interpretation and browsing. 

TESLA‚ÄôS WIRELESS CHARGING PLATFORM DOES WHAT AIRPOWER COULDN‚ÄôT (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23652493/tesla-wireless-charging-platform-qi-airpower-features-specs-price?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla has released a new wireless charging platform that is capable of
simultaneously charging up to three devices. Weighing in at 1.6-2.3
pounds, the Tesla Wireless Charging Platform features a wedge-shaped
magnetic stand and 30 overlapping coils arranged in four layers
underneath its surface. With its multiple coils and three side rails,
users can lay their phone down anywhere on the platform without
worrying about alignment or positioning. The charging platform is for
sale in the Tesla store for $300. Pictures of the device are available
in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

RELATIVITY SPACE HAS A SUCCESSFUL FAILURE WITH THE DEBUT OF TERRAN 1
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/03/relativity-space-has-a-successful-failure-with-the-debut-of-terran-1/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Relativity Space completed a third test launch of its Terran 1 rocket
on Wednesday night. The test performed well until it reached the
second stage, where the engine failed to ignite and plunged into the
Atlantic Ocean. The cause of the failure has not been announced.
Relativity Space claims the mission was a success as the rocket
surpassed the maximum dynamic pressure zone during its flight profile.


JPMORGAN TEST WILL DITCH CARDS TO LET CONSUMERS PAY WITH PALM OR FACE
INSTEAD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/l9lMU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

JPMorgan plans to start beta-testing a system that would let users pay
with their palm prints or through face recognition technology. The
bank plans to extend the service to its broader base of US merchant
clients if the test is successful. The pilot program could include a
Formula 1 race in Miami and a few brick-and-mortar shops. Biometrics
technology is projected to account for approximately $5.8 trillion in
transactions with three billion users by 2026. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CHEATING IS ALL YOU NEED (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/cheating-is-all-you-need?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Large language models (LLMs) are the biggest thing since the World
Wide Web. The technology will significantly impact software
development. LLMs will surpass other coding tools like IDEs and Stack
Overflow. There are many people still skeptical about AI, but LLMs
aren't just some fad. Coding assistants will soon be ubiquitous and
they will change software development forever. 

YOU MIGHT NOT NEED AN EFFECT (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://react.dev/learn/you-might-not-need-an-effect?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


React developers often use Effects to synchronize components with
external systems like a non-React widget or the browser DOM. Effects
aren't necessary when updating a component's state on change of state
or props. Unused Effects, when removed, make code more readable,
efficient, and reduce errors. It is important for React developers to
learn how to remove Effects. This article discusses how to remove
unnecessary Effects with common concrete examples. 

15-MINUTE SESSION: ENTERPRISE DATA REPLICATION AND TRANSFORMATION IN
DATABRICKS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/sync/?utm_source=tldr&utm_mediaum=email&utm_campaign=data-transformation-databricks-coffee-break]


In this Coffee Break session, you‚Äôll learn how to use CData Sync
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/sync/?utm_source=tldr&utm_mediaum=email&utm_campaign=data-transformation-databricks-coffee-break]
to replicate enterprise data into Databricks + transform the data in
place as part of an enterprise ELT workflow. See available slots and
join for free
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/sync/?utm_source=tldr&utm_mediaum=email&utm_campaign=data-transformation-databricks-coffee-break]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

‚ÄúCLICK-TO-CANCEL‚Äù RULE WOULD PENALIZE COMPANIES THAT MAKE YOU
CANCEL BY PHONE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/click-to-cancel-rule-would-penalize-companies-that-make-you-cancel-by-phone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has proposed a new rule called
'click-to-cancel' which will require companies to make canceling a
subscription as easy as signing up for the service. The aim of the
proposal is to end the common practice of requiring customers to call
customer service to cancel their accounts. Non-compliance can result
in civil penalties. The proposal also targets the tactic of trying to
discourage customers from canceling by offering other service options.
The FTC is now seeking public commentary on the proposal. 

JACK DORSEY‚ÄôS CASH APP ACCUSED OF FRAUD IN DAMNING REPORT BY
ACTIVIST SHORT SELLER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90870433/jack-dorsey-cash-app-accused-fraud-money-laundering-hindenburg?partner=rss&utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Shares of Block fell about 15% after Hindenburg Research, an activist
short seller, accused the company of fraud. Hindenburg Research claims
Block allowed criminal activity to operate and flourish on their
platform. The company's lack of compliance allowed bad actors to
mass-create accounts for identity fraud and other scams. Block plans
to explore legal action against Hindenburg Research over the
statements, saying that they are factually inaccurate and misleading. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON'S HR BOSS REJECTS EMPLOYEE REMOTE WORK PETITION (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/hNM7w#selection-1511.2-1515.74?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon HR executive Beth Galettie denied an internal petition signed
by roughly 30,000 employees asking Amazon to reverse its new
return-to-office policy, saying that coming into the office will
result in long-term benefits for both the business and its employees. 

IS THERE A DROP IN SOFTWARE ENGINEER JOB OPENINGS, GLOBALLY? (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/is-there-a-drop-in-software-engineer-job-openings-globally/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There is plenty of evidence that suggests that the job market for
software engineers is cooling. 

CONGRESS CALLS TIKTOK CEO‚ÄôS SECURITY AND PRIVACY ASSURANCES
‚ÄúWORTHLESS‚Äù (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/congress-calls-tiktok-ceos-security-and-privacy-assurances-worthless/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew maintained during his hearing with Congress
that ByteDance is not an agent of China and vowed to protect TikTok
user data. 

ENVIO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/humblepenguinn/envio?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Envio is a command-line tool that simplifies the management of
environment variables across multiple profiles. 

CHINA REMINDS US THAT IT CAN AND WILL KILL A FORCED TIKTOK SALE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/23/china-reminds-us-that-it-can-and-will-kill-a-forced-tiktok-sale/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The sale of TikTok would involve a technology export, which must
follow China's regulatory approval procedures. 

CSS NESTING IS NOW AVAILABLE WITH VANILLA CSS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/codex/css-nesting-is-now-available-with-vanilla-css-e12f29fe16e7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new CSS nesting feature allows developers to nest styles within
each other and reduce the clutter that comes with the traditional CSS
approach. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR - TLDR ADVERTISING ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$180,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-advertising-account-executive/439] 

TLDR is hiring an Advertising Account Executive to acquire new
advertisers and expand revenue from existing advertisers for a free
daily newsletter with the most interesting stories in startups, tech,
and programming! 

REPUBLIC - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER (NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK, $300,000
- $350,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/chief-technology-officer/434] 

Republic is hiring a Chief Technology Officer to build, lead, mentor,
and motivate a successful high performing team of interdisciplinary
engineers in a fast-paced production environment for a global
financial technology company that allows anyone to invest in anything,
anywhere. 

ABALTA TECHNOLOGIES - SOFTWARE ENGINEER - C++ (FULLY REMOTE, $94,999 -
$119,999) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer---c%2B%2B/436] 

Abalta Technologies is hiring a Software Engineer to design, develop,
and document software utilized in Software Development Kits and
Applications used in automotive and implementations for pioneers in
the navigation and mapping industry. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=562cfb66-ca0c-11ed-aa04-3dd14ee0716b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679652018&t=1679656796&s=524f6d5bf5f9b8edc25044e4279750750e030941a6f61b56e27ff69b890e6aa2].


¬†