# Articles TLDR 18-08-2023

SpaceX made a small profit in the first three months this year after
making losses for two years in a row¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a620f47c-3da4-11ee-a305-17c210c72300&pt=campaign&t=1692355502&s=3b34503b6da4fa0b58f1ac81c46dd046059049ea1177cbc27fa023c25bc2866f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Agile Dream Team]
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]

TLDR 2023-08-18

THE SAAS TRAP: IS YOUR ENGINEERING TEAM OVERDEPENDENT ON SAAS?
(SPONSOR)
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]


With inventory management, HR, accounting, and more, teams manage
40-60 apps on average. This has implications.
Download this new guide from Agile Dream Team
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]
to determine whether you‚Äôve become overdependent on SaaS, and what
to do about it:

üî¥¬†The hidden risks
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]
of SaaS sprawl, and why license prices keep rising

üí∞¬†Understanding the long-term implications
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]
of not owning your own IP

üîí¬†Strategies to avoid vendor lock-in and regain autonomy

üë∑‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è¬†Building software in-house with the power of flexible
and agile on-demand teams.

Download the free ebook to break free ‚ÜóÔ∏è
[https://agiledreamteam.com/e-books/navigating-the-saas-trap?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230818]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

A RARE LOOK INTO THE FINANCES OF ELON MUSK‚ÄôS SECRETIVE SPACEX (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wsj.com/tech/behind-the-curtain-of-elon-musks-secretive-spacex-revenue-growth-and-rising-costs-2c828e2b?st=y6m3lmorxxd48bw]


SpaceX made a small profit in the first three months this year after
making losses for two years in a row. It generated $55 million in
profit on $1.5 billion in revenue in the first quarter of 2023. The
company was valued at roughly $150 billion during a recent employee
stock sale. It is privately owned and keeps most details about its
finances under wraps. 

IPHONE 15 RUMORED TO SUPPORT FASTER CHARGING SPEEDS WITH UP TO 35W (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/17/iphone-15-faster-charging-35w/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The iPhone 15 will have USB-C and faster charging speeds. The new
models will be able to be recharged with up to 35W. They will be able
to take full advantage of the 35W Dual USB-C chargers Apple introduced
last year. It is unclear whether 35W charging will be available for
only the iPhone 15 Pro models or whether it will work for the entire
lineup. Some reports say that the faster charging speed will only be
supported on certified cables. The new iPhones may support Thunderbolt
through the USB-C port. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

USING THE OCEANS TO HELP CAPTURE CARBON (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/direct-ocean-carbon-capture?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Equatic is a company that aims to remove carbon dioxide from the
atmosphere by sucking it out of the seas. The oceans absorb a quarter
of global CO2 emissions - removing the gas from the oceans would make
room for them to soak up more. Equatic aims to have a 10-tonne-per-day
CO2 removal unit running in Singapore by 2025 and remove millions of
tonnes of CO2 annually by 2028. It says that it will cost around $100
per tonne of carbon removed from the oceans. 

MICE SLEEP 6 HOURS LESS VIA BRAIN CELL TWEAK, FEEL ALERT NEXT DAY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/biology/brain-cell-tweak-keeps-mice-awake/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have discovered that activating astrocyte cells in mice
can cause them to stay awake for six hours longer than usual with no
noticeable sleep debt. Astrocytes are star-shaped brain cells that
were thought for many years to be little more than a kind of
biological glue holding the brain together. The cells actually play a
role in sleep, regulating the sense of time, mediating exercise's
effects on the brain, and controlling inflammation in the brain. The
new findings could lead to techniques for boosting the productivity,
safety, and health of people who keep unusual hours. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE WITH 80% AUTOMATED END-TO-END TEST COVERAGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230181&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230181&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
offers a cost-effective approach to getting 80% test coverage in just
4 months ‚Äî even for the most complex web apps. Skeptical? Send them
your most complicated user flow and, if they can't test it, they‚Äôll
give you a pair of AirPods Max üéß
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230181&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].
Plus, QA Wolf includes unlimited parallel runs on their testing
infrastructure + 24-hour maintenance and triage. Schedule a demo to
learn more.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230181&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

PS: QA Wolf currently has a 4.8/5 ‚≠ê rating on G2 as reviewed by
companies with 51-1000+ employees.

TURMOIL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tokio-rs/turmoil?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Turmoil is a testing framework for distributed systems. It can run
multiple concurrent hosts within a single thread to provide
deterministic execution. Turmoil introduces hardship into a system by
changing a simulated network either through manual control or with a
seeded ring. 

WHY DOES EMAIL DEVELOPMENT HAVE TO SUCK? (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://dodov.dev/blog/why-does-email-development-have-to-suck?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Email development is often messy and tough to make sense of. This
article explains why this is and gives some useful advice on how to
make it easier. Emails are essentially just HTML documents, except
they are visualized in an email client. While both browsers and email
clients are capable of rendering, web standards for email clients are
less developed. This means that some of the most terrible practices in
web development are actually the best practices in email development. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT DO I THINK ABOUT COMMUNITY NOTES? (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.ca/general/2023/08/16/communitynotes.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains Vitalik Buterin's thoughts on X's Community
Notes. Community Notes is a fact-checking tool that attaches context
notes to tweets. These notes appear frequently on tweets that get a
very large audience on X. Buterin sees them as informative and
valuable. He says that the feature is surprisingly close to satisfying
the ideal of credible neutrality, which means that it is possible to
easily verify that it doesn't discriminate between people and treats
people fairly. 

TECH FIRMS SLOW LAY-OFFS BUT HOLD OFF ON NEW HIRES EVEN AS AI CREATES
DEMAND FOR NEW SKILLS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scmp.com/tech/tech-trends/article/3231359/tech-firms-slow-lay-offs-hold-new-hires-even-ai-creates-demand-new-skills?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There has been no ramp-up in hiring in tech despite the surge of
interest in AI. However, job cuts have appeared to slow down. There
have been over 340,000 job cuts in the tech industry so far this year,
well ahead of the around 240,000 for all of 2022. US job openings fell
in June to their lowest level since April 2021. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MAJOR U.S. ENERGY ORG TARGETED IN QR CODE PHISHING ATTACK (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/major-us-energy-org-targeted-in-qr-code-phishing-attack/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The name of the company targeted in this campaign was kept
confidential - this is the first time that researchers have caught
phishers using QR codes in an attack of this scale. 

TESLA WANTS TO LAUNCH AN IN-HOUSE RENTAL SERVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/08/17/tesla-launch-in-house-rental-service/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla's Rental Program will begin its pilot at collision centers in
Texas. 

NASA‚ÄôS BUILDINGS ARE EVEN OLDER THAN ITS GRAYING WORKFORCE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/nasas-buildings-are-even-older-than-its-graying-workforce/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA's budget for maintenance and construction is wholly underfunded
and its infrastructure is in an increasing state of decline. 

GOOGLE A.I. RESEARCHER SAYS HE LEFT TO BUILD A STARTUP AFTER
ENCOUNTERING ‚ÄòBIG COMPANY-ITIS‚Äô (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/17/transformer-co-author-llion-jones-leaves-google-for-startup-sakana-ai.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Llion Jones, a co-author of Google's pivotal Transformers paper, has
left Google to start Sakana AI, a generative AI research lab that will
investigate nature-inspired methods of doing things. 

TOWARDS HTTPS BY DEFAULT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.chromium.org/2023/08/towards-https-by-default.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chrome will soon automatically upgrade all http navigations to https -
it will fall back to http if https isn't available. 

SPOTIFY REPORTEDLY HAS A $38 MILLION WHITE NOISE PROBLEM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/17/23836403/spotify-podcasts-white-noise-algorithmproblem?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


White noise podcasts accounted for 3 million daily consumption hours
on Spotify as of January 2023. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a620f47c-3da4-11ee-a305-17c210c72300&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692352819&t=1692355502&s=31d252c37e53456c05836ec647293e041fb4f55a8d7ffc00b8d1dde1627f2179].