# Articles TLDR 22-02-2023

Elon Musk has suggested that Twitter will be open-sourcing its
algorithm as early as next week.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6eb5e4a2-b27b-11ed-ab15-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&t=1677067913&s=f624f29214fffca269500c792792cfcfba258093fbf4724a4ddfeb3030faf472]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-22

FULL-CYCLE INCIDENT MANAGEMENT THAT DRIVES RELIABILITY (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]


Software outages are costly. How you manage them doesn‚Äôt have to be.
Companies like Snyk, Stack Overflow, and CircleCI have moved away from
reactive, disorganized incident response to proactive, predictable
incident management with FireHydrant
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging].
Here's how:

	*
AUTOMATE toil, get the right people involved quickly, and codify your
organization‚Äôs process into turn-by-turn navigation that everyone
can follow.

	*
RESPOND quickly in a purpose-built workspace for communication that
brings your team and tools together in one place.

	*
LEARN from automatically-captured incident activity and a guided,
customizable retrospective template.

	*
IMPROVE reliability with an at-a-glance view of the areas of your
system that need investment.

FireHydrant is free to test drive
[https://app.firehydrant.io/registrations/new?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]
on your own or book a demo
[https://firehydrant.com/demo/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]
with our solutions engineers.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

AMAZON‚ÄôS CLOUD UNIT PARTNERS WITH STARTUP HUGGING FACE AS AI DEALS
HEAT UP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/8Rlgy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Amazon's cloud unit is partnering with AI startup HuggingFace to offer
customers access to their products, including a language generation
tool called Bloom that competes with OpenAI's ChatGPT. The companies
already have a close relationship and over 1,000 customers in common.
The cloud deal is not exclusive, so Huggingface is free to work with
other providers. 

ELON MUSK SUGGESTS TWITTER COULD OPEN SOURCE ITS ALGORITHM ‚ÄòNEXT
WEEK‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/21/elon-musk-suggests-twitter-could-open-source-its-algorithm-next-week/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk has suggested that Twitter will be open-sourcing its
algorithm as early as next week. This is the first reference to a
timeline for open-sourcing Twitter's algorithm. Musk has been an
advocate for open-sourcing Twitter since before he bought the social
network. The decision could help keep lawmakers and regulators at bay.
Regulatory scrutiny over how platforms recommend content to users has
recently increased. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

LIMITED DATA SETS A HURDLE AS CHINA PLAYS CATCH-UP TO CHATGPT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/china-plays-catch-up-to-chatgpt-as-hype-builds-around-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


China's tech giants are investing in artificial intelligence
technology to match the West's recent developments. Chinese tech
companies have been facing regulatory pressure and a COVID-induced
economic slowdown. Large tech groups have begun to invest in chatbot
technology after months of downsizing. Baidu is taking the lead, with
plans to launch a chatbot called Ernie in its search engine in the
coming months. Baidu will reveal more details on how Ernie will be
integrated into their products, including search, electric vehicles,
and smart assistants later this week. 

A NEW AI-POWERED GENE-EDITING TECHNIQUE COULD BE SET TO REPLACE CRISPR
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/ai-dna-editing-zinc-fingers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists from the University of Toronto and the NYU Grossman School
of Medicine created simple, modifiable proteins called 'zinc fingers'
with the aid of artificial intelligence. Zinc fingers are one of the
most common types of protein structures. They guide DNA repair by
grabbing enzymes and telling them to cut out the wrong parts of the
code. Genetic engineers can adjust any gene's activity by altering
these zinc fingers' instructions. Zinc-finger editing could be a safer
alternative to CRISPR. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

JELLY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cs-au-dk/jelly?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Jelly is a static analyzer for JavaScript and TypeScript programs that
use the Node.js platform. It can perform call graph construction,
library usage pattern matching, and vulnerability exposure analysis.
Jelly has a flow-insensitive control-flow and points-to analysis for
tracking library usage. It models parts of the ECMAScript language and
standard library, but not the Node.js standard library. 

MOON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/moonrepo/moon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

moon is a task runner and repository management tool designed for web
ecosystems. It is optimized for JavaScript and TypeScript. moon
provides users with repository management, organization,
orchestration, and notification features. It can increase
productivity, improve the developer experience, reduce script
confusion, and ensure that the same version of each tool is the same
across every developer's environment. 

ISSUE TRACKERS SHOULDN'T BE TECHNICAL DEBT. TRY SHORTCUT (SPONSOR)
[https://shortcut.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=spon_nl&utm_campaign=prospecting&utm_content=TLDR]


Work is frustrating enough. Why make it more frustrating with a slow,
bloated issue tracker? Shortcut is the only solution with integrated
issue tracking and docs allowing you to plan, develop, build, and ship
all in one place. Start building products with a tool that PMs and
Engineers actually enjoy. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENERATION Z NOW MAKES UP 34% OF IPHONE OWNERS IN THE US: REPORT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.iphoneincanada.ca/news/gen-z-34-percent-of-iphone-users-in-us/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gen Z now accounts for 34% of US iPhone owners. 76% of iPhone owners
in the US are 18-34. Apple commands 83% of the smartphone market for
zoomers. Its US market share grew from 35% in 2019 to 50% in 2022 due
to Gen Z‚Äôs preference for the iPhone. This brand loyalty is also
seen in Western Europe as well, where 83% of iPhone users under 25
plan to stay with Apple for their next phone. 

COMPANIES DECIDE TO KEEP FOUR-DAY WORKWEEK AFTER FINDING IT'S BETTER
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/four-day-workweek-remote-work-tech-jobs-1850139680?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An ongoing study conducted on 61 companies in the UK has revealed that
the four-day workweek could be the key to success for businesses and
their employees. 46% of the companies said productivity remained the
same, 34% reported a slight improvement, and 15% reported a
significant improvement. Employees reported higher levels of
well-being and there was a significant drop in employee turnover.
While many employees felt that they had to work faster, most did not
feel a significant increase in workload. 56 of the 61 companies are
continuing to implement the four-day workweek. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GET HEADHUNTED WITH SALARY DETAILS UPFRONT (SPONSOR)
[https://7t04.short.gy/OfvEIq] 

Hired makes job hunting painless‚Äîinstead of chasing recruiters,
companies approach you with salary details up front. Join Hired now
(100% free for jobseekers) [https://7t04.short.gy/OfvEIq] 

THE SUPREME COURT HEARS ARGUMENTS FOR GONZALEZ V. GOOGLE, ITS FIRST
BIG SECTION 230 CASE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23608495/supreme-court-section-230-gonzalez-google-oral-arguments?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gonzalez v. Google is a potentially landmark reinterpretation of
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act that could affect the
future of recommendation algorithms. 

I SAY THIS UNIRONICALLY: OUR SOCIETY IS NOT PREPARED FOR THIS MUCH
AWESOME (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jonstokes.com/p/i-say-this-unironically-our-society?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A flood of AI-generated work is being produced and this will affect
many aspects of society. 

WE STAND TO SAVE $7M OVER FIVE YEARS FROM OUR CLOUD EXIT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/we-stand-to-save-7m-over-five-years-from-our-cloud-exit-53996caa?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Businesses with stable workloads should benchmark their rental bill
for servers in the cloud against running their own servers. 

NP-COMPLETE ISN'T (ALWAYS) HARD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hillelwayne.com/post/np-hard/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The saying, 'NP-complete is hard', refers to the worst-case complexity
- the average-case complexity is often much more tractable. 

KILLER LIBRARIES? (LOBSTERS THREAD)
[https://lobste.rs/s/h4j3lg/killer_libraries?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This thread discusses libraries so good that they justify using a
specific programming language. 

WEWORK'S ADAM NEUMANN TOLD ELON MUSK GETTING TO MARS WAS EASY (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/I8Gn0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

'The Cult of We' is a book that discusses Adam Neumann's thoughts on
space and his quest to control the real-estate market. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

PRELUDE - ENDPOINT IMPLEMENTATION ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $110,000 -
$170,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/endpoint-implementation-engineer/321] 

Prelude is hiring an Endpoint Implementation Engineer to be a subject
matter expert for a company focused on bringing advanced security to
all organizations. 

METHOD FINANCIAL - SENIOR PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER (FULLY REMOTE,
$125,000 - $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-product-marketing-manager/314] 

Method Financial is hiring a Senior Product Marketing Manager to lead
a strategic go-to-market plan for new and existing products for an
embedded banking service that allows developers to easily retrieve and
pay any of their users' debts. 

GOOD PAIR DAIRS - BUSINESS ANALYST (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/business-analyst/309] 

Good Pair Dairs is hiring a Business Analyst to support
decision-making for one of the most innovative wine retailers in the
world 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6eb5e4a2-b27b-11ed-ab15-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677063621&t=1677067913&s=e534cf699181e213e8a0756d0f59d667975d562657f32e156be0f0f3a1204a5d].


¬†