# Articles TLDR 09-02-2023

Google held a press conference from Paris on Wednesday where
presenters ran through a collection of previously announced
technologies.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=26ab0dde-a846-11ed-b4ab-8bd9a812d277&pt=campaign&t=1675944446&s=52324faa1766c0930bda440db821f1a4520ae7428c15bbfe5fa79b072ede1662]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-09

COMPLIANCE ON EASY MODE (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Dreading manual evidence collection for SOC 2, ISO 27001, or any other
framework?
Drata automates your compliance journey
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
from start to audit-ready (and beyond) ‚Äî and provides support from
the security and compliance experts who built it.

Get started with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IN PARIS DEMO, GOOGLE SCRAMBLES TO COUNTER CHATGPT BUT ENDS UP
EMBARRASSING ITSELF (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/in-paris-demo-google-scrambles-to-counter-chatgpt-but-ends-up-embarrassing-itself/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google held a press conference from Paris on Wednesday where
presenters ran through a collection of previously announced
technologies. The demo included references to many products still
unavailable. One of the presenters lost a device that was supposed to
be for a live demo. Google's stock declined sharply after the event. A
video of the event is available in the article. 

TWITTER REDEFINES WHAT MAKES A TWEET WITH SUPERSIZED 4,000-CHARACTER
LIMIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/08/twitter-supersizes-tweets-4000-characters/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter Blue subscribers in the US are now able to write tweets of up
to 4,000 characters. While the feature is limited to US Twitter Blue
subscribers, anyone will be able to read the longer tweets. The
280-character limit will still apply when viewing tweets. Users will
have to tap a 'show more' button to read long-form tweets. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BIGGER, FASTER, FARTHER: A BATCH OF NEW ROCKETS IS SET TO BLAST INTO
SPACE THIS YEAR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nbcnews.com/science/space/bigger-faster-farther-batch-new-rockets-set-blast-space-year-rcna65014?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Several new rockets are set to launch this year. SpaceX's Starship is
designed for missions to the moon and eventually Mars. United Launch
Alliance's Vulcan Centaur, Arianespace's Ariane 6, and the Japan
Aerospace Exploration Agency's H3 rocket are designed to carry
satellites and other payloads to various orbits around Earth. This
article looks at these rockets and their upcoming missions. 

TRANSPLANTING A GENE COMMON IN CENTENARIANS COULD REWIND THE HEART'S
AGE BY YEARS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/transplanting-a-gene-common-in-centenarians-could-rewind-the-hearts-age-by-years?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


People who live well into their 90s and beyond commonly have a version
of a gene that protects against cardiovascular damage. Scientists
rewinded biological markers of heart aging in mice by the equivalent
of more than 10 human years by introducing the gene into older mice.
The same therapy was shown to halt the decline of heart function in
middle-aged mice. It was observed to induce cardiac rejuvenation in
test tube studies on human heart cells. The researchers are exploring
applying the protein produced by the gene as a treatment, which is
safer and more straightforward than gene therapy. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

VOLAR: A NEW BEGINNING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.vuejs.org/posts/volar-a-new-beginning.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Volar, previously the official Vue.js VSCode extension, is now an
embedded language tooling framework. It can process any file format
that involves embedded languages and it is capable of handling
interactions with LSP/Web/Embedded Language Services. The original
Volar extension has been moved to a new repository and now contains
code for Vue-specific support. 

THE ANDROID 14 DEVELOPER PREVIEW IS HERE, GET IT RIGHT NOW (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/android-14-developer-preview-1-here-get-it/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has released the first developer preview of Android 14. It can
only be installed on supported Pixel phones. The developer preview
focuses on improvements for apps and how they behave. Google is
prioritizing compatibility. It will make it easier for developers to
create layouts for all form factors. There are improvements to battery
life. More details about Android 14 are available in the article. 

[VIRTUAL SUMMIT] EXPLORE THE SEMANTIC LAYER AND ITS ROLE IN THE MODERN
DATA STACK (SPONSOR)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null#agenda]


If you‚Äôve not signed up yet, now‚Äôs your chance! This year‚Äôs
Semantic Layer Summit - a free, one-day virtual event
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
- will feature talks by data leaders from Apple, HelloFresh,
Activision, Vodafone, and more. See the full agenda and save your spot
(free)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NEW BING, AND AN INTERVIEW WITH KEVIN SCOTT AND SAM ALTMAN ABOUT THE
MICROSOFT-OPENAI PARTNERSHIP (35 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/new-bing-and-an-interview-with-kevin-scott-and-sam-altman-about-the-microsoft-openai-partnership/??utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article takes a look at the new Bing and also contains an
interview with Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman.
The interview focuses on the Microsoft-OpenAI relationship, a
partnership that is nearly unprecedented in tech. Microsoft had bet
its future on a yet-unproven startup with a very unconventional
structure and ambitions. The interview covers how the arrangement
started, what it is like for the companies to work together, and how
the relationship between the companies has evolved over the years. 

BIG TECH AND GENERATIVE AI (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://tanay.substack.com/p/big-tech-and-generative-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This post discusses what Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, and
Apple had to say about their plans for Generative AI at their most
recent earnings calls. Microsoft plans to integrate OpenAI technology
into all of its apps. Google is creating a ChatGPT alternative called
Bard based on its LaMDA technology, improving Search, and implementing
AI in its productivity apps. It will also make its models available
for developers and build the technology into its ad products. One of
Meta's focuses this year is generative AI work and the company is also
deploying AI tools to help its engineers be more productive. AI was
not the focus of discussion on Amazon and Apple's calls. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BUILD IN-APP CHAT + FEEDS, FASTER (SPONSOR)
[https://getstream.io/try-for-free/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=Promoted_Newsletter&utm_content=Developer&utm_campaign=tldr_February2023_trial_klmh22&utm_term=cta]


Stream‚Äôs Chat Messaging and Activity Feed APIs let you boost the app
metrics that matter most - with minimal maintenance. Try Stream for
free (no credit card required)
[https://getstream.io/try-for-free/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=Promoted_Newsletter&utm_content=Developer&utm_campaign=tldr_February2023_trial_klmh22&utm_term=cta]


TESLA WILL UNVEIL ITS ‚ÄúMASTER PLAN PART 3‚Äù AT ‚ÄúINVESTOR DAY‚Äù
ON MARCH 1 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/02/07/tesla-will-unveil-its-master-plan-part-3-at-investor-day-on-march-1/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Investor Day event will be livestreamed and include factory tours
and a discussion of Tesla‚Äôs long-term expansion plans as well as its
upcoming generation 3 vehicle platform. 

IS GOOGLE‚ÄôS 20-YEAR SEARCH DOMINANCE ABOUT TO END? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/bx8Y1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A discussion on Google and how conversational AI is about to change
search. 

CHINESE TECH GIANT ALIBABA WORKING ON A CHATGPT RIVAL; SHARES JUMP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/08/chinese-tech-giant-alibaba-working-on-a-chatgpt-rival-shares-jump.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Alibaba has been working on generative AI since 2017. 

EDITABLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/editablejs/editable?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Editable is a rich text editor framework that provides stable rich
text editing capabilities without relying on the contenteditable
attribute. 

ANDREJ KARPATHY PERSONAL NEWS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/karpathy/status/1623476659369443328?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Andrej Karpathy is joining OpenAI again. 

THE STATE OF DEVELOPER CONFERENCES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://remotesynthesis.com/blog/developer-conferences/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The people that attended conferences for the content can now get the
content more cheaply and efficiently online while those who went for
networking feel that online events aren't fulfilling their needs. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

LINEA - STAFF/PRINCIPAL BACKEND ENGINEER (SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA,
$160,000 - $220,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/staff%2Fprincipal-backend-engineer/287] 

Linea is hiring a Staff/Principal Backend Engineer to develop key
product features for a fast-growing company of explorers, engineers,
and scientists. 

ADDED HEALTH - 1 JUNIOR, 1 MID-LEVEL DEVELOPER (PYTHON/JAVASCRIPT)
(FULLY REMOTE, $60,000 - $85,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/1-junior%2C-1-mid-level-developer-(python%2Fjavascript)/285]


Added Health is hiring two developers to support operations, extend
the core web application, and run experiments to inform business
strategy for an ambitious early-stage start-up with a mission to make
the whole world healthier. 

BENCHMARK EMAIL - SR. .NET DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $50,000 -
$100,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/sr.-.net-developer/286] 

Benchmark Email is hiring a Sr. .NET Developer to create products that
delight and empower users for a company that offers an integrated,
automated, and robust feature set built to help enterprises of any
size. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=26ab0dde-a846-11ed-b4ab-8bd9a812d277&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675940441&t=1675944446&s=c42250e40315bafd78d6e9583ebf36de5155e81a0e72d4085319d04682a79319].


¬†