# Articles TLDR 09-10-2023

Metas Quest headset marketing plans changed in response to Apples
Vision Pro announcement¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b45e9efe-667b-11ee-8db8-67fb7fc3bf4b&pt=campaign&t=1696848755&s=73f56e9ae64fd92436f958c468335d44ddba5642a614156e124cc7975ec915fb]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Wiz]
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]

TLDR 2023-10-09

RAMPANT CLOUD ACTIVITY? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]

Cloud risk can grow faster than your AWS bill (true story).¬†
That‚Äôs why Wiz partnered with Wiley to create the AWS Security for
Dummies
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]
ebook. This free pdf contains 46 pages of expert tips to harden your
AWS environment, including:¬†

	* How to get the basics right to help scale security when your
footprint (inevitably) grows¬†
	* How to secure specific resources based on your usage (VMs, S3,
Cloudtrails, and more)¬†
	* Which critical weaknesses to prioritize so you aren‚Äôt caught off
guard

All of these techniques can be found here -- grab your free digital
copy now and boost your AWS security posture
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies].¬†

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

AMAZON LAUNCHES FIRST INTERNET SATELLITE PROTOTYPES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/06/amazon-launch-project-kuiper-satellite-internet-prototypes.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon launched its first Project Kuiper satellites on Friday. The
project, which was announced more than four years ago, aims to build a
network of 3,236 satellites in low Earth orbit to provide high-speed
internet access anywhere in the world. Amazon plans to invest more
than $10 billion to build the network. The company has kept the size
and design of the satellites secret, only sharing photos of the
shipping containers that carried them to the launch site.

META‚ÄôS PLANS TO BEAT APPLE‚ÄôS VISION PRO INCLUDE CHEAPER HEADSETS
AND NO CONTROLLERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/8/23908290/meta-quest-headset-no-controllers-cheaper-ar-vr-apple-vision-pro?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta's Quest headset marketing plans changed in response to Apple's
Vision Pro announcement. The company plans to release a VR headset
without controllers next year. It will shift away from a heavy focus
on the metaverse and lean more into pushing the practical uses of the
headset. The next headset should be cheaper than the Quest 3.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

DECOMPOSING LANGUAGE MODELS INTO UNDERSTANDABLE COMPONENTS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.anthropic.com/index/decomposing-language-models-into-understandable-components?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Neural networks are trained on data and not programmed to follow
rules. While we understand the math of trained networks, we don't
understand why those mathematical operations result in the behaviors
we see, making it hard to diagnose failure modes and certify that a
model is truly safe. This article presents a method for analyzing
language models to determine how they work that involves looking at
units in small transformer models rather than at individual neurons.

WORLD'S FASTEST SAILBOAT: TWO WILD DESIGNS HIT THE WATER FOR TESTING
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/marine/syroco-sp80-testing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The SP80 and Syroco teams have built two boats designed to beat the
current world sailing speed record of 65.37 knots. Both teams are
using huge kites attached to the boats and aim to achieve a target
speed of 81 knots. This article takes a look at how both teams are
progressing with their projects. Pictures and videos of the sailboats
are available.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SURREAL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gnat/surreal?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Surreal is a mini jQuery alternative with dependency-free animations
and locality of behavior. It pairs with HTMX. Examples, plugins, and
resources are available.

THE TOP 7 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING WORKFLOW TIPS I WISH I KNEW EARLIER
üß∞ (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/the-top-7-software-engineering-workflow?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An hour of efficiency gained per day can save one month per year. This
article provides tips on how to optimize software engineering
workflows. The tips include optimizing everyday tasks every day
multiple times a day, making aliases and autocompletions for commands,
and using tools to help remember things.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY I BUILT ZUZALU (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.palladiummag.com/2023/10/06/why-i-built-zuzalu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Zuzulu was an experiment that blended the idea of hacker houses and
conferences. The project involved a pop-up mini-city that housed two
hundred people for two whole months. During the event, participants
built technologies and developed a community that brought together a
new combination of cultures. This article talks about Zuzulu from
Vitalik Buterin's perspective and discusses the lessons learned from
the experiment.

UNBUNDLING AI (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2023/10/5/unbundling-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

LLMs allow users to ask anything and almost get an answer to
everything. However, the answers it returns could be wrong, and even
if the answers are correct, they might not be the right way to solve
the problem. They are probabilistic models that provide the most
probable answers. Large language models are currently a
general-purpose technology that can do some theoretically magic stuff,
but for many people, they still look a bit like the PC ads of the late
1970s that promised computers could be used for anything.

TLDR IS HIRING AN ADVERTISING SALES DIRECTOR (FULLY REMOTE,
$150K-$225K)

Want to work at TLDR? We‚Äôre hiring a fully remote advertising sales
director to join our fully remote team of seven to lead the next phase
of our revenue growth.
Responsibilities include building relationships with advertising
partners and agencies.

The ideal candidate has at least 2 years of quota-carrying sales
experience and enjoys working in a fast paced startup environment.

Experience in media/ad/sponsorship sales is a big plus.

Total compensation ranges from $150,000 - $225,000.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a good
fit.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please send their
LinkedIn or resume to us and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

GHOST IS HIRING A VP OF ENGINEERING (FULLY REMOTE, $190K-$240K)
[https://careers.ghost.org/vp-of-engineering/en?utm_source=tldr]

Lead Ghost‚Äôs team of 20 engineers in building one of the most
popular open source blogging platforms in the world (used by Apple,
Mozilla, Cloudflare, and more). Strong background in engineering
management, NodeJS, and React required. Learn more.
[https://careers.ghost.org/vp-of-engineering/en?utm_source=tldr]

HOW RENDER SCALED KNATIVE TO100K+ WEB APPS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://render.com/blog/knative?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Render is a cloud infrastructure provider that saw a surge in
popularity after Heroku announced the end of its free offering in the
second half of 2022.

23ANDME SAYS PRIVATE USER DATA IS UP FOR SALE AFTER BEING SCRAPED (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/10/private-23andme-user-data-is-up-for-sale-after-online-scraping-spree/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The data allegedly contains origin estimation, phenotype, health
information, photos, and identification data - 23andMe's CEO was aware
the company had been hacked two months earlier but never revealed the
incident.

AI-ASSISTED DECISION-MAKING (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/chain-of-thought/ai-assisted-decision-making?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A guide on how to use ChatGPT to make better decisions.

MICROSOFT REPORTEDLY PLANS TO LAUNCH ITS OWN AI CHIP NEXT MONTH (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thenationalnews.com/business/technology/2023/10/07/microsoft-reportedly-plans-to-launch-its-own-ai-chip-next-month/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft's new artificial intelligence chip will be similar to
Nvidia's GPUs and is designed to run data servers that train and run
large language models.

GOOGLE‚ÄôS SEVEN-YEAR PIXEL UPDATE PROMISE IS HISTORIC ‚Äî OR
MEANINGLESS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23904092/google-pixel-update-seven-years-editorial?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google's Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro come with the promise of seven years
of OS upgrades, security updates, feature drops, and AI innovations.

FETCHBOOK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/4lejandrito/fetchbook?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Fetchbook is a command-line tool for managing collections of HTTP
requests that is based on the standard RequestInit object and runs in
TypeScript with bun.sh.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b45e9efe-667b-11ee-8db8-67fb7fc3bf4b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696845668&t=1696848755&s=12d44f6e635646b93871d746da46b43f35c66501d349e1f052cf33be08dda526].