# Articles TLDR 24-05-2023

Microsoft is adding a new ChatGPT-driven Copilot feature in Windows 11
that can be used alongside other Windows apps.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=659ecbde-fa03-11ed-904a-857638116aaa&pt=campaign&t=1684926669&s=4ff336622f07a00a68f9a1db0cad50854d6416111317028db99f179b31f08081]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [NexGen Cloud]
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class]

TLDR 2023-05-24

NVIDIA PARTNER INTRODUCES SUPERCOMPUTERS AS A NEW ASSET CLASS
(SPONSOR) [https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class] 

_Brought to you by an experienced team from Dell, Oracle, IBM,
Capgemini, and Toshiba_
In the first offering of its kind, IaaS provider¬†NexGen¬†Cloud is
giving investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers,
specialising in LLM and¬†Gen¬†AI workloads. The company is projecting
30-50% annualised returns.¬†Get the info pack.
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class]

	*
Targeting 150% profit over 5 years

	*
Income-producing hands-off asset

	*
Uncapped ROI

	*
Limited Opportunity

	*
Fully trackable earning via platform

	*
First mover advantage - AI Boom needs more compute!

‚ÄúNexGen¬†Cloud has been an excellent investment for me. The returns
on the two supercomputers I bought have been remarkable.‚Äù¬†_Craig,
USA_

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

BUILT-IN CHATGPT-DRIVEN COPILOT WILL TRANSFORM WINDOWS 11 STARTING IN
JUNE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/05/built-in-chatgpt-driven-copilot-will-transform-windows-11-starting-in-june/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is adding a new ChatGPT-driven Copilot feature in Windows 11
that can be used alongside other Windows apps. It will be available to
Windows Insiders starting in June. Windows Copilot will appear in a
separate window and will assist with various tasks based on what it is
asked to do. It can change Windows settings, rearrange windows with
Snap Layouts, summarize and rewrite documents, open apps, and more.
There will be a dedicated button for Windows Copilot on the taskbar.
Microsoft has not revealed details about how the feature will deal
with the privacy or security of its users. 

UBER TEAMS UP WITH WAYMO TO ADD ROBOTAXIS TO ITS APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/23/23733547/uber-waymo-robotaxi-phoenix-delivery-autonomous-ridehail?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Uber users in Phoenix will be able to hail Waymo's robotaxis for rides
and food delivery later this year. The multi-year partnership will see
a set number of Waymo vehicles servicing an area of 180 square miles.
These vehicles will not be exclusive to Uber. Uber and Waymo have a
preexisting partnership involving autonomous long-haul trucking. Uber
also has a partnership with Motional to make robotaxis available in
Las Vegas. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

APPTRONIK READIES ITS HUMANOID ROBOT FOR A SUMMER UNVEIL (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/23/apptronik-readies-its-humanoid-robot-for-a-summer-unveil/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apptronik is developing a general-purpose robot. It currently has two
halves of a robot: Astra is an upper body designed to be mounted on
another robot and Draco is a set of robot legs. The company's approach
is markedly different from that of Tesla's Optimus. Apptronik will be
exploring a Series A funding round following the unveiling of the full
robot this summer. The article contains photos and videos of both
Astra and Draco, as well as other technologies that Apptronik has
developed. 

NEW KIND OF CHICKEN LAYS EGGS THAT DON‚ÄôT HAVE ALLERGY PROTEIN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/egg-allergy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Up to 2% of children experience egg allergies. They usually outgrow
their egg allergy by the time they are 16, but until then, they have
to avoid eating eggs and products that contain eggs, including flu
vaccines. Researchers from Japan have used gene-editing technology to
create chickens that lay eggs without the protein most likely to
trigger an egg allergy. As even a small amount of the protein can be
life-threatening to someone with a severe egg allergy, the researchers
plan to perform more studies on these eggs before claiming that their
eggs will not trigger reactions. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SCIKIT-LLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/iryna-kondr/scikit-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Scikit-LLM allows developers to seamlessly integrate language models
into scikit-learn for enhanced text analysis tasks. It features
zero-shot text classification, multi-label zero-shot text
classification, and text vectorization. Scikit-LLM is still under
development and it plans to add support for more models and
fine-tuning. 

INTRODUCING THE POPOVER API (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/introducing-popover-api/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The popover API is a new set of declarative HTML APIs for building
popovers that will come to browsers soon starting with Chromium 114.
The API allows developers to build functional popovers without
JavaScript. It supports promotion to the top layer, light-dismiss
functionality, default focus management, accessible keyboard bindings,
and accessible component bindings. Future versions of the API will
support interactive entry and exit and anchor positioning. 

RABBITMQ CHEATSHEET BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-rabbitmq-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-rabbitmq-cheatsheet]


‚úÖ Metrics to monitor RabbitMQ connections and performance
effectively.
‚úÖ Reference material on default directories, config, and useful
commands for Linux users.

‚úÖ Quick start guide: how to collect metrics and measure RabbitMQ
performance with Datadog.

Download the free cheatsheet right here
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-rabbitmq-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-rabbitmq-cheatsheet]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MICROSOFT CTO KEVIN SCOTT THINKS SYDNEY MIGHT MAKE A COMEBACK (46
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23733388/microsoft-kevin-scott-open-ai-chat-gpt-bing-github-word-excel-outlook-copilots-sydney?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article features a transcript from an interview with Microsoft
CTO Kevin Scott, who oversees Microsoft's AI efforts. Microsoft is
integrating Copilot into Windows 11 in collaboration with OpenAI. The
interview covers why Microsoft decided to partner with a startup
instead of building AI tech internally, where the two companies
disagree, how they resolve their differences, and why Microsoft is
choosing to build for itself instead of relying on OpenAI. The audio
for the interview is available. 

MOST REMOTE WORKERS SAY THEY'D TAKE A PAY CUT TO CONTINUE BEING
ALLOWED TO WORK FROM HOME, A NEW POLL SHOWS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Lay9l?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

According to a recent poll from Washington Post and Ipsos, over half
of fully remote workers in the US would take a pay cut to keep working
from home. A majority of workers would return to the office for a
salary bump. 80% of workers polled would go to the office a couple of
days a week for more pay. Several tech leaders, including Elon Musk,
have taken a harsh stance on remote work. Workers in some companies,
like Amazon, Disney, and Starbucks, have started petitions and
protests to reverse return-to-office policies. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STRAWBERRY (WEBSITE)
[https://18alan.space/strawberry/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Strawberry is a tiny frontend framework that provides reactivity and
composability without dependencies or a build step. 

SAMSUNG DISPLAY DEMOS LONG ROLLABLE AND A HEALTH-SENSING OLED (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/23/23734012/samsung-display-sensor-oled-rollable-flex?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Samsung's Rollable Flex screen can be unrolled from 49mm to 254.4mm -
a picture of the screen in its rolled and unrolled forms is available
in the article. 

BING SEARCH IS COMING TO CHATGPT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/bing-search-is-coming-to-chatgpt-150001606.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bing will be the default search engine for ChatGPT, allowing the model
to pull answers from the internet and provide citations. 

ALMOST 200,000 JOB CUTS IN TECH PUSHES NEW GRADS TO WALL STREET (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/rg1kU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Many young people who had dreamed of working in tech are now turning
to finance. 

ASK HN: THOSE WITH SUCCESS USING GPT-4 FOR PROGRAMMING ‚Äì WHAT ARE
YOU DOING? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36037559] 

Using GPT-4 in the wrong way can result in a lot of wasted time - this
Hacker News thread discusses effective ways to use the large language
model for programming. 

MICROSOFT EMPLOYEES BLAST PAY AND MORALE IN INTERNAL MESSAGES TO EXECS
(8 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Njom6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

An employee made a spreadsheet showing how Microsoft's CEO Satya
Nadella made 289 times the pay of the company's median employee in
2022. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=659ecbde-fa03-11ed-904a-857638116aaa&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684922423&t=1684926669&s=88f7d3d10888ce46e36be744dce2078e782ab525ad8ba9ca9d930704f9c8e557].


¬†