# Articles TLDR 27-10-2023

Google Fiber plans to upgrade some of its users to a 20Gbps service by
the end of the year¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=eb45f038-74a0-11ee-968d-e3c76c3d35dc&pt=campaign&t=1698403477&s=703947e8741f057812db2b3b6a466d1e4dc0bdd098d73c7b6c754297baee087c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Speakeasy]
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct]

TLDR 2023-10-27

 SPEAKEASY: MAKE YOUR APIS ENTERPRISE-READY WITH TYPE-SAFE SDKS,
DOCUMENTATION, AND TERRAFORM PROVIDERS (SPONSOR)
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct] 

 API integrations today are increasingly time-consuming and burdensome
for end-users. Speakeasy offers a new approach to crafting a
high-class developer experience. Whether it‚Äôs type-safe SDKs
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct] in 8+ languages,
beautiful API reference docs, or Hashicorp registry-compliant
Terraform providers, Speakeasy
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct]'s platform plugs
seamlessly into your CI/CD to automatically create API surfaces that
your users will love, at a fraction of the cost of trying to build and
maintain it yourself. Try Speakeasy for free today
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct], and start giving your
API users the enterprise-ready, delightful integration experience they
deserve! 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 GOOGLE FIBER IS GETTING OUTRAGEOUSLY FAST 20GBPS SERVICE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/google-fiber-is-getting-outrageously-fast-20gbps-service/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google Fiber plans to upgrade some of its users to a 20Gbps service
by the end of the year. The new service is made possible via Nokia's
25G passive optical network technology. Google is one of the first
Internet service providers to adopt the technology for consumers. The
20Gbps service will eventually roll out to most of Google Fiber's
network. 

 OPENAI FORMS TEAM TO STUDY ‚ÄòCATASTROPHIC‚Äô AI RISKS, INCLUDING
NUCLEAR THREATS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/26/openai-forms-team-to-study-catastrophic-risks-including-nuclear-threats/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAI has created a new team called 'Preparedness' to assess,
evaluate, and probe AI models to protect against catastrophic risks.
Preparedness' chief responsibilities will be tracking, forecasting,
and protecting against the dangers of future AI systems. Some of the
listed risk categories include chemical, biological, radiological, and
nuclear threats. OpenAI is soliciting ideas for risk studies from the
community and is offering $25,000 and a job at Preparedness for the
top ten submissions. A link to the contest is available in the
article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 SLOW-MOVING QUASIPARTICLES MAKE THE FASTEST SEMICONDUCTOR IN THE
WORLD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/fastest-most-efficient-semiconductor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Researchers at Columbia University in the US have developed the
fastest and most efficient semiconductor that works at room
temperature. The material was originally synthesized to test a
high-resolution microscope and wasn't expected to conduct anything. It
can be pulled into atom-thin sheets and combined with other materials.
One of the elements in the material is extremely rare and expensive,
so the semiconductor is unlikely to feature in any consumer devices in
the future. 

 SPACEX‚ÄôS STARSHIP CAN FLY IN NOVEMBER HINT NASA, COAST GUARD
NOTICES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://wccftech.com/spacexs-starship-can-fly-in-november-hint-nasa-coast-guard-notices/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The Coast Guard has warned mariners of a potential rocket launch in
Boca Chica, Texas, during the first week of November. The notice
coincided with a test of Starship's preflight systems by SpaceX and a
visit by the Fish and Wildlife Service to the Starship launch pad.
These events, along with a placeholder set by NASA, indicate that the
next Starship test will be soon. SpaceX is still waiting for clearance
from the FAA. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 NEXT.JS 14 (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://nextjs.org/blog/next-14?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 This article goes over the changes in Next.js 14. The update features
partial prerendering, stable Server Actions, a free course, and more.
There are several breaking changes and some features have been
deprecated. 

 HOPPING INSTEAD OF HUSTLING: SURVEY TELLS US HOW DEVELOPERS ARE
TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/10/26/hopping-instead-of-hustling-survey-tells-us-how-developers-are-taking-care-of-business/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 More developers are now looking for or are open to a new job compared
to the last two years. Both new tech talent and late-career developers
are likely to be looking. The tighter job market may be keeping
comfortable developers where they are, while those who desire
flexibility are more likely to look for it elsewhere. The migration of
tech developers to other industries may be a reaction to the corporate
culture of tech companies decreasing flexibility in order to justify
higher pay. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 SAM BANKMAN-FRIED TESTIFIES, SAYS HE ‚ÄúSKIMMED OVER‚Äù FTX TERMS OF
SERVICE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/sam-bankman-fried-begins-testifying-in-risky-bid-to-beat-ftx-fraud-charges/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Sam Bankman-Fried's testimony was a bit unusual as the judge sent the
jury home for the day to assess which parts of the testimony would be
admissible in the case. Bankman-Fried admitted that he only skimmed
over FTX's terms of service during the juryless testimony. Part of his
defense involves blaming FTX's lawyers - Bankman-Fried may argue that
he received advice from company lawyers that his conduct was legal. 

 ASK HN: PG'S 'DO THINGS THAT DON'T SCALE' MANUAL EXAMPLES? (HACKER
NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=38010992] 

 Startups take off because the founders make them take off. Sometimes
you have to push things before they get going. There are many
unscalable things that founders need to do before their startups can
scale, for example, nearly all startups have to recruit users manually
the beginning. This Hacker News thread contains many examples of
unscalable things that startups had to do to make things happen. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 DESPITE USAGE DECLINES, X REMAINS ‚ÄòSTICKIER‚Äô THAN FIRST THOUGHT
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/26/despite-usage-declines-x-remains-stickier-than-first-thought/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 While the number of daily active users has dropped on X, the time
that users spend on the platform has grown, and power-user usage
remains largely unchanged. 

 INTRODUCING POLLEN (WEBSITE)
[https://www.pollen.style/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Pollen is a highly configurable and responsive library of
style-agnostic CSS variables that allows developers to write faster,
more consistent, and more maintainable styles. 

 VERTO.SH (WEBSITE) [https://www.verto.sh/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 verto.sh curates accessible projects to make it easy for people to
enter the open-source world. 

 UBER BEGINS OFFERING RIDES IN SELF-DRIVING WAYMO CARS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/26/uber-begins-offering-rides-in-self-driving-waymo-cars.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Uber customers in Phoenix can now choose to take their rides in a
fully autonomous vehicle. 

 WHY CLOUD BANDWIDTH IS SO OBSCENELY EXPENSIVE AND WHAT YOU CAN DO
ABOUT THAT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://kerkour.com/why-cloud-bandwidth-is-so-expensive?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A less known reason for high cloud bandwidth prices is that network
is the hardest part to scale for cloud providers, so they need to
incentivize their customers to optimize their network usage by
themselves. 

 ILYA SUTSKEVER, OPENAI‚ÄôS CHIEF SCIENTIST, ON HIS HOPES AND FEARS
FOR THE FUTURE OF AI (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/10/26/1082398/exclusive-ilya-sutskever-openais-chief-scientist-on-his-hopes-and-fears-for-the-future-of-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 ChatGPT has rewritten a lot of people's expectations and turned 'will
never happen' into 'will happen faster than you think'. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=eb45f038-74a0-11ee-968d-e3c76c3d35dc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698400827&t=1698403477&s=c4e4552c6b583d898692dec15a790c07ea26dd762cc44bd838b9f5509e9459fc].