# Articles TLDR 06-02-2023

Microsoft is leveraging the success of ChatGPT by integrating the AI
chatbot into its search engine Bing.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2787628a-a5ed-11ed-b7d1-c50d697f08bd&pt=campaign&t=1675685227&s=c2c0ba5b5f3ec4b48c28d8e8fbdad655a8851b4cac903b8841967fcbaa86781c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [CData]
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=analyze-sage-in-power-bi-coffee-break]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-06

15 MINUTE SESSION: POWER BI + SAGE INTACCT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=analyze-sage-in-power-bi-coffee-break]


Need better dashboards for your Sage Intacct data? Join this CData
Coffee Break session to learn how to easily connect to Sage Intacct,
pull the data using CData Cloud Connect, and then analyze it in Power
BI.
CData Connect Cloud
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=analyze-sage-in-power-bi-coffee-break]
provides real-time, cloud-to-cloud access for reporting, analytics ‚Äî
this is your chance to see it in action, while also learning some
handy tips and tricks for crunching financial data in Power BI.

Join the Coffee Break session to explore this use case
[https://www.cdata.com/resources/signup/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=analyze-sage-in-power-bi-coffee-break]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IS THIS MICROSOFT‚ÄôS CHATGPT-POWERED BING? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/3/23584675/microsoft-ai-bing-chatgpt-screenshots-leak?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is leveraging the success of ChatGPT by integrating the AI
chatbot into its search engine Bing. A version of the AI-assisted
search engine was briefly visible to several users. It is reportedly
able to cite its sources. Microsoft is expected to make an
announcement regarding the new Bing in the coming weeks. Screenshots
of the AI-powered Bing are available in the article. 

APPLE MAY ADD ULTRA HIGH-END IPHONE MODEL IN 2024, EVEN MORE EXPENSIVE
THAN CURRENT PRO MAX (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/05/iphone-ultra-2024/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is reportedly exploring options to raise the cost of their
premium iPhones. The company is considering introducing an 'Ultra'
model above the Pro Max that could be released as soon as 2024. It is
unclear what features a potential Ultra model might have, though a
larger screen and more advanced camera and chip designs are possible.
The Ultra's base price will start higher than the $1099 of the Max. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HUMAN-RAT BRAIN HYBRID SHOWS A WAY TO CURE BLINDNESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/human-mini-brains?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Research has demonstrated that human-derived mini brains can integrate
with damaged rat brains and perform functions related to sight. The
visual cortex can be damaged by injury or disease, resulting in loss
of sight. Scientists have speculated that grafting brain organoids
constructed from lab-grown cells onto a damaged visual cortex could
restore vision. Previous studies have established that baby rat brains
can accept and incorporate grafts from human mini brains. While the
new research shows that the human-derived mini brain grafts can
respond to stimulation in rats, there is a chance that humans would
respond to the procedure in a completely different way. 

HORMONE SHOTS COULD BE USED AS TREATMENT FOR LOW SEX DRIVE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/society/2023/feb/03/hormone-shots-treatment-low-sex-drive-kisspeptin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Injections of a hormone called kisspeptin may be beneficial to those
with a low sex drive. Clinical trials found that the hormone can
stimulate sexual responses. Kisspeptin is a natural hormone that
stimulates the release of other reproductive hormones in the body. The
results of the clinical trials suggest that kisspeptin could be
developed as a treatment for hypoactive sexual desire disorder due to
its promising effects and no reported side effects. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HIGH DEFINITION CSS COLOR GUIDE (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/articles/high-definition-css-color-guide/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


CSS Color 4 features more colors, manipulation functions, and better
gradients. CSS now supports high definition displays and can specify
colors from HD gamuts while also offering color spaces with
specializations. There are now 50% more colors to pick from in
supported browsers. This guide explains how to take advantage of the
new color features. 

DOCSGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/arc53/docsgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

DocsGPT streamlines the process of finding information in project
documentation. It integrates GPT models so that developers can ask
questions about projects and receive accurate answers. DocsGPT can
help developers quickly find the information they need,
revolutionizing the project documentation experience. 

FIND A JOB WITHOUT JOBHUNTING (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]


Hired has 2,516 open positions for tech roles: engineering, product
management, design, and sales. The best part? You don‚Äôt need to
apply for jobs ‚Äî companies approach you with salary details upfront.
Zoom, Shopify, Dropbox, and 10k other companies have already hired on
Hired. Join now to get offers (100% free for candidates)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

JOHN CARMACK'S 'DIFFERENT PATH' TO ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE (22
MINUTE READ)
[https://dallasinnovates.com/exclusive-qa-john-carmacks-different-path-to-artificial-general-intelligence/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


John Carmack is attempting to create artificial general intelligence
(AGI). AGI enables machines to comprehend, learn and carry out any
intellectual task that humans are capable of. Carmack's startup, Keen
Technologies, has raised $20 million in funding from investors. This
article features a transcript of an interview with Carmack where he
discusses his approach to solving AGI, his previous work with Meta,
the importance of AGI, and more. 

WHY TAKE A BIGGER ROLE FOR NO BUMP IN PAY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/why-take-a-bigger-role-for-no-bump-in-pay/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tech lead is a role that doesn't come with extra pay. It provides the
chance to solve larger, more complex problems. Being present and
involved in key conversations, coordinating with multiple teams, and
taking on bigger initiatives makes the tech lead more visible to
leadership. While there is no extra pay, being a tech lead provides
career capital that can be leveraged later. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE WORKS ON IOS BROWSER WITH ITS OWN BLINK ENGINE, CONTRARY TO
APPLE'S RULES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/02/03/googles_chromium_ios/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's project would not be allowed on iOS under its App Store
rules, which state that browsers on iOS must use WebKit. 

AWESOME PACKAGE MAINTAINER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jubalh/awesome-package-maintainer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A guide on how to become a package maintainer. 

ELECTRIC TRUCK MAKER RIVIAN CONFIRMS IT IS DEVELOPING AN ELECTRIC BIKE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/02/04/electric-truck-maker-rivian-confirms-electric-bike/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rivian's CEO confirmed that the company is developing an electric
bicycle during a staff meeting on Friday. 

ALL PROGRAMMING PHILOSOPHIES ARE ABOUT STATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.worldofbs.com/minimize-state/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Every programming philosophy is about how to manage state and each
philosophy comes with trade-offs. 

LEAKED EMAILS SHOW AMAZON WILL ONLY HIRE STUDENTS AND RECENT GRADUATES
FOR ENTRY LEVEL SOFTWARE ENGINEERING POSITIONS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/2023.02.04-175552/https://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-hiring-careers-recent-graduates-students-only-after-layoffs]


Amazon is going after a potentially more affordable talent pool in an
effort to overhaul its workforce by limiting entry level software
engineering positions to current or newly graduated students. 

GOOGLE INVESTED $300 MILLION IN AI FIRM FOUNDED BY FORMER OPENAI
RESEARCHERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/3/23584540/google-anthropic-investment-300-million-openai-chatgpt-rival-claude?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google invested around $300 million in Anthropic, a little-known
startup that is developing its own general-purpose chatbot named
Claude. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR MEDIA - TLDR CRYPTO NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $50 -
$150/HR) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-crypto-newsletter-curator/279] 

TLDR Media is hiring a Newsletter Curator to curate the most
interesting stories in Crypto 5 days a week for our daily crypto
newsletter. 

KLAVIYO - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEERING
(BOSTON OR DENVER, $168000 - $193000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-site-reliability-engineering-(boston-or-denver)/267]


Klaviyo is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build foundational
backend services as well as tooling and automation for a world-leading
marketing automation platform. 

EVERYREALM, INC - PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER (NEW YORK CITY, NEW
YORK, $185000 - $205000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/principal-software-engineer/265] 

Everyrealm, Inc is hiring a Principal Software Engineer to play an
integral part in building and scaling immersive media and social
gaming platforms for an immersive media company that develops and
invests in businesses related to virtual worlds, social video gaming,
and the metaverse. 

SAAS.GROUP - SENIOR DEVELOPER PHP - LARAVEL & LIVEWIRE (M/W/D) (FULLY
REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-developer-php---laravel-%26-livewire-(m%2Fw%2Fd)/263]


saas.group is a third-party recruiter hiring a Senior Developer to
support the creation of concepts and architectures, as well as in the
ongoing development of its products for a company that optimizes
websites and online shops for long-term online success. 

KAINOS - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer-/268] 

Kainos is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to develop high quality
solutions for a company that aims to make people's lives better
through technology. 

OOMNITZA INC. - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, BACKEND (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-backend/271] 

Oomnitza Inc. is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to work on the next
generation of SaaS enterprise software for the industry‚Äôs most
versatile Enterprise Technology Management platform. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2787628a-a5ed-11ed-b7d1-c50d697f08bd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675681241&t=1675685227&s=86da2566542cd7948967cbfbfd802068ce930eae2406052b8a95ecbe0c7569dc].


¬†