# Articles TLDR 22-05-2023

Details about Instagrams new text-based app for conversations were
recently leaked.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=423ac6f4-f853-11ed-821b-918765625f08&pt=campaign&t=1684753926&s=3a8aa0def3d46989710ce621bb52ac10c251ead3845f9fadb19e5e84fd8e604f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/event/202303-gitstream-workshop/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR-05-19-gitStream-workshop]

TLDR 2023-05-22

WORKSHOP: PULL REQUEST WORKFLOW AUTOMATION (SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/event/202303-gitstream-workshop/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR-05-19-gitStream-workshop]


Elite engineering teams are using automation to classify and route
pull requests. This CONTINUOUS MERGE mindset is helping teams increase
efficiency, quality and security.
WHAT WE‚ÄôLL COVER: In this tactical workshop we‚Äôll show you how
teams are applying programmable workflows to their repos, creating
custom if/then rules unique to each pull request, and the efficiency
metrics teams are improving everyday. You can expect to leave this
workshop with three core functions
[https://linearb.io/event/202303-gitstream-workshop/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR-05-19-gitStream-workshop]
of gitStream workflow automation:

‚úÖ Adding estimated review time labels
‚úÖ Applying dynamic code owner rules
‚úÖ Automatically approving safe PRs

üëâWatch this workshop to setup your PR workflows & scale dev
efficiency
[https://linearb.io/event/202303-gitstream-workshop/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR-05-19-gitStream-workshop]üëà

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

THIS IS INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS NEW TWITTER COMPETITOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/19/23730070/instagram-twitter-app-competitor-leak?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Details about Instagram's new text-based app for conversations were
recently leaked. Codenamed P92, the app will allow users to make text
posts up to 500 characters long with attached links, photos, and
videos. Meta will implement good moderation controls from the start.
Users will be able to log on with their Instagram IDs and any blocked
accounts will carry over to the new service. P92 will be compatible
with certain other apps like Mastodon, likely through ActivityPub. 

META REPORTEDLY WANTS TO LICENSE MAGIC LEAP‚ÄôS AR TECHNOLOGY (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/meta-reportedly-wants-to-license-magic-leaps-ar-technology-213923148.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta and Magic Leap are in talks to sign a multi-year IP licensing and
manufacturing pact. There are few details available about the deal,
but the potential partnership is not expected to produce a jointly
developed headset. Magic Leap may be providing Meta with access to
some of its optical tech. It may also assist with the manufacturing of
Meta devices. A post from Magic Leap's CEO late last year said that
the company had received an incredible amount of interest in its IP
and patented manufacturing process. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

DID SCIENTISTS ACCIDENTALLY INVENT AN ANTI-ADDICTION DRUG? (10 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/gHonI?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Semaglutide is a weight loss drug that has recently skyrocketed in
popularity. Some people taking the drug have found that they have lost
interest in a whole range of addictive and compulsive behaviors.
Scientists have been testing whether drugs similar to semaglutide can
curb substance abuse with promising results. The class of drugs may be
altering the brain's fundamental reward circuitry. Researchers are now
running clinical trials to see whether semaglutide can help people
quit drinking and smoking. 

THE FDA JUST APPROVED RUB-ON GENE THERAPY THAT HELPS ‚ÄòBUTTERFLY‚Äô
CHILDREN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/05/19/1073394/the-fda-just-approved-krystal-drip-on-gene-therapy-that-helps-butterfly-children/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa is an inherited disease that makes
the skin of those affected so fragile that kids with the illness are
called 'butterfly children'. A novel gene therapy has been approved by
the US Food and Drug Administration for the disease. It is the first
gene therapy for sale that is applied to the outside of a patient's
body, as well as the first that is intended for repeated use by the
patient. A subsidiary established by Krystal Biotech, the company that
created the treatment, is now testing a version of the drug that
reverses wrinkles caused by lower collagen production. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TROGON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Textualize/trogon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Trogon is a tool that auto-generates friendly terminal user interfaces
for command-line apps. It examines CLI apps and extracts a schema that
describes the options, switches, help, and more, to build a Textual
UI. The project eventually aims to be able to build TUIs for all CLI
apps. 

HOW I RE-IMPLEMENTED PYTORCH FOR WEBGPU (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://praeclarum.org/2023/05/19/webgpu-torch.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


webgpu-torch is a WebGPU optimized inference and autograd library with
an API that matches PyTorch. It aims to run neural networks in the
browser at speeds comparable to a Linux workstation. It implements
many kernels and it is easily extensible. webgpu-torch works in both
the browser and Node.js. This article explains the process behind
developing webgpu-torch. 

üëÄ 20 PATTERNS TO WATCH FOR IN ENGINEERING TEAMS (SPONSOR)
[https://learn.pluralsight.com/resource/offers/2020/20-patterns-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-social&utm_campaign=developer-experience&utm_term=flow-na-inquiry-20-patterns-devops-tldr&utm_content=20-patterns-to-watch-for-in-your-engineering-teams]


When a team's output isn't as expected, bad managers point fingers.
Great managers relentlessly pursue the root cause
[https://learn.pluralsight.com/resource/offers/2020/20-patterns-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-social&utm_campaign=developer-experience&utm_term=flow-na-inquiry-20-patterns-devops-tldr&utm_content=20-patterns-to-watch-for-in-your-engineering-teams].
Are there any process issues? How is communication in code reviews?
What‚Äôs holding the team back from doing its best work?
But debugging your team is a lot easier when you know what to look
for.

In this engineering guide from Pluralsight
[https://learn.pluralsight.com/resource/offers/2020/20-patterns-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-social&utm_campaign=developer-experience&utm_term=flow-na-inquiry-20-patterns-devops-tldr&utm_content=20-patterns-to-watch-for-in-your-engineering-teams],
you'll learn how to recognize achievement, spot bottlenecks and debug
your development process with data.

IN THIS GUIDE:
‚úÖ Engineering design patterns that can cause delays
‚úÖ How to identify the early indicators of bottlenecks
‚úÖ How to stop scope creep before a release slips
‚úÖ How to recognize when a team or individual is off their rhythm

Download the full guide for FREE to learn more!
[https://learn.pluralsight.com/resource/offers/2020/20-patterns-engineering?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-social&utm_campaign=developer-experience&utm_term=flow-na-inquiry-20-patterns-devops-tldr&utm_content=20-patterns-to-watch-for-in-your-engineering-teams]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE PUBLISHES FIRST-EVER APP STORE TRANSPARENCY REPORT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/05/19/apple-app-store-transparency-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple published its inaugural App Store Transparency Report on Friday.
The company agreed to provide developers with the report as part of a
lawsuit settlement in 2021. The report contains meaningful statistics
about the app review process: the number of apps that were rejected,
the number of customer and developer accounts deactivated, the number
of apps removed from the App Store, data regarding search queries and
results, and more. This article provides a summary of the data from
the report. A link to the full report is available. 

WHERE DO GREAT IDEAS COME FROM? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.generalist.com/briefing/where-do-great-ideas-come-from?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Being comfortable with failure fosters a more creative environment.
Having a 'beginner's mind' can be a gift when analyzing problems.
People who position themselves near structural holes within
organizations tend to be especially creative. Hiring people who are
more motivated by independence or the desire for intellectual
challenge will result in a more creative team. Innovators operate at
the frontier of knowledge, so it can take some time before people make
their greatest inventions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NEEVA, THE WOULD-BE GOOGLE COMPETITOR, IS SHUTTING DOWN ITS SEARCH
ENGINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/20/23731397/neeva-search-engine-google-shutdown?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Neeva says that it is pivoting to AI and may be acquired by Snowflake.


WATCH SPACEX BLAST A NEW STARSHIP LAUNCH PAD PLATE WITH ROCKET FIRE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.space.com/spacex-starship-steel-plate-rocket-fire-video?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX recently tweeted a 20-second video of a single Raptor engine
firing into a water-cooled steel plate. 

NEARLY EVERY APPLE TOP EXEC IS WORKING ON THE AR HEADSET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/05/21/nearly-every-apple-top-exec-is-working-on-the-ar-headset?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The list of people involved with the development of Apple's highly
anticipated AR/VR headset over the last seven years includes Mike
Rockwell, Jeff Williams, Dan Ricco, Paul Meade, and Jony Ive. 

WHICHLANG (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/quickwit-oss/whichlang?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Whichlang is a language detection library with no dependencies, high
throughput, good accuracy, and support for 16 languages. 

NASA PICKS BLUE ORIGIN TO MAKE A SECOND HUMAN-CREWED LUNAR LANDER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/19/23729996/nasa-blue-origin-moon-second-human-crewed-lunar-lander-artemis?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA selected Blue Origin for a $3.4 billion contract to create a
lunar lander for an Artemis mission to the Moon, with an uncrewed demo
set to take place in 2029. 

MICROSOFT EXEC TELLS EMPLOYEES TO IMPROVE ITS STOCK PERFORMANCE IN
LIEU OF RAISES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/19/23729711/microsoft-cmo-staff-stock-price-pay?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's Chief Marketing Officer Chris Capossela said that the most
important lever for almost all employee compensation upside is the
company's stock price. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=423ac6f4-f853-11ed-821b-918765625f08&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684749620&t=1684753926&s=f738a8066dd768269a3559fb431bc49c05be8682925f59a2a3e6b473c4cfb5f3].


¬†