# Articles TLDR 23-01-2023

Google plans to unveil more than 20 projects powered by artificial
intelligence this year.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr] | View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=392995d6-9aed-11ed-8f3b-af646d06cc54&pt=campaign&t=1674475467&s=a563c5c4b7d0d07e45b2efbe40a263601211845ef4b7deb2e6b331769c15ca61]
| Job Board [https://tldr.tech/jobs] | Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-23

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE IS FREAKING OUT ABOUT CHATGPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/20/23563851/google-search-ai-chatbot-demo-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google plans to unveil more than 20 projects powered by artificial
intelligence this year. One of the projects will be a version of its
search engine with chatbot features. The company recently announced
that it will lay off more than 12,000 employees and focus on AI as a
domain of primary importance. Some of the AI projects are set to debut
during Google's annual I/O event in May. 

CHATGPT USERS SPOT $42 PROFESSIONAL PLAN WITH PERKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/chatgpt-users-spot-42-professional-plan-with-perks-8395865/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An 'Upgrade plan' option has been spotted by users on the ChatGPT web
interface. Clicking on the option brings up a prompt that shows a free
plan and a 'Professional Plan' that costs $42 a month. The
Professional Plan provides access even when demand is high, faster
response speeds, and priority access to new features. The free plan
allows users to continue using the service as they have been so far. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

WIFI ROUTERS USED TO PRODUCE 3D IMAGES OF HUMANS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://vpnoverview.com/news/wifi-routers-used-to-produce-3d-images-of-humans/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University were able to create
full-body images of subjects using simple Wi-Fi routers. The
technology could revolutionize healthcare, security, gaming, imaging,
and many other industries. However, it could present many privacy
issues as the technology can monitor people's movements through walls
without their knowledge or consent. The technique involves analyzing
the amplitude and phase of Wi-Fi signals to find interference and then
using AI algorithms to produce an image. 

GRAVITY BATTERIES IN ABANDONED MINES COULD POWER THE WHOLE PLANET (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techspot.com/news/97306-gravity-batteries-abandoned-mines-could-power-whole-planet.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gravity batteries store excess energy from the grid by raising a mass
to generate gravitational potential energy. The mass can be dropped to
convert potential energy into electricity through an electric
generator. Using abandoned mines to operate gravity batteries could
provide enough energy to match the entire planet's current daily
electricity consumption. There are likely millions of abandoned mines
around the world that can be relatively cheaply converted into gravity
batteries. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GIT-SIM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/initialcommit-com/git-sim?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


git-sim provides visual simulations of Git operations. Its command
syntax is based directly on Git's command-line syntax. git-sim can be
used to understand the effects of Git commands, prevent unexpected
states, create static Git diagrams, and help visual learners
understand how Git commands work. Example visualizations are
available. 

SRE CHECKLIST (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bregman-arie/sre-checklist?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains checklists for people practicing Site
Reliability Engineering. It aims to provide teams and individuals with
an idea of what to take into consideration and what to aspire for in
the SRE field. The checklists cover teams, production, and
technologies. 

GET THE TOOLS ‚Äî AND TIPS ‚Äî YOU NEED TO BUILD SECURE APPLICATIONS
QUICKLY (SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/blog/no-experience-needed-secure-applications/?utm_campaign=AOM-2023&utm_medium=Paid-Email&utm_source=TLDR&utm_content=no-experience-needed-secure-applications]


Need to improve your code security? Follow Snyk‚Äôs 5 ‚Äúno experience
needed‚Äù tips to find and fix vulnerabilities as you code ‚Äî and
increase your application security knowledge along the way. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TIKTOK CONFIRMS THAT ITS OWN EMPLOYEES CAN DECIDE WHAT GOES VIRAL (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/20/23564242/tiktok-heating-view-boosts-creators-businesses?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some TikTok employees have the ability to sidestep the algorithm and
boost videos by putting selected videos into users' For You pages. The
'Heating' feature is aimed at introducing celebrities and emerging
creators to the TikTok community and to diversify the content
experience. TikTok claims that only around 0.002% of videos in For You
feeds are heated, but an external report claims that heated videos
make up around 1-2% of total daily video views. 

IS AI THE NEW CRYPTO? (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://luttig.substack.com/p/is-ai-the-new-crypto?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI is flourishing while many tech sectors have entered into a deep
freeze. This article looks at the history of venture capital
investment into crypto and makes comparisons with the crypto boom and
bust and current trends in AI. AI has long capital feedback cycles,
keeping expectations in check, and its consumers are benefitting from
the technology even in its early years. While the hype will die down,
AI will likely escape the downfall of inflated expectations. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

REMOFIRST LETS YOU EMPLOY TALENT IN 150+ COUNTRIES - AFFORDABLY AND
LEGALLY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=jan_2023]


Find out how Remofirst can manage your international HR at the best
possible price, without needing additional entities. TLDR readers get
2 months free on their first EOR hires + a free contractor plan
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=jan_2023].


JETS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/boltops-tools/jets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Jets is a Ruby Serverless Framework that includes everything required
to build an application and deploy on AWS Lambda. 

GOOGLE TO LAY OFF 12,000 PEOPLE ‚Äî READ THE MEMO CEO SUNDAR PICHAI
SENT TO STAFF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/20/google-to-lay-off-12000-people-memo-from-ceo-sundar-pichai-says.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google will offer laid-off US-based employees 16 weeks of severance
pay plus two weeks for each additional year they've worked at the
company. 

TECHNIQUES TO IMPROVE RELIABILITY (35 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/openai/openai-cookbook/blob/main/techniques_to_improve_reliability.md?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article shares techniques for improving the reliability of large
language models on complex tasks. 

SCRIPT KIT (WEBSITE)
[https://www.scriptkit.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Script Kit makes it easy to create and run scripts that solve daily
problems. 

JOB HUNTING IN 2022 (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://mhlakhani.com/blog/2023/01/tech-job-market/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


One person's experience with finding a software engineering job after
leaving Meta. 

TWITTER IS DOWN TO FEWER THAN 550 FULL-TIME ENGINEERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/20/twitter-is-down-to-fewer-than-550-full-time-engineers.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter now has around 1,300 full-time employees. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

OBUNDLE - JUNIOR ECOMMERCE UX DESIGNER (REMOTE, $35-$50/HR)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/junior-ecommerce-ux-designer/191] 

oBundle is hiring an eCommerce UX Designer to help design and optimize
the user experience for our ecommerce clients. 

EJAMERICA - IAM/SSO ENGINEER (NORFOLK, VIRGINIA, US, $120K - $130K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/identity-management-consultant/193] 

eJAmerica is hiring an Identity Access Management (IAM) SSO Engineer
to help our clients develop access management solutions. 

PRERENDER - PRODUCT MARKETING SPECIALIST (REMOTE, $60K - $70K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-marketing-specialist-(prerender)/194] 

Prerender is hiring a product marketing specialist, we enable
JavaScript sites to be crawled by search engines. 

EJAMERICA - SCCM ADMINISTRATOR (SPRINGDALE, ARKANSAS, US, $90K - $95K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/identity-management-consultant/193] 

eJAmerica is hiring an SCCM Administrator with PowerShell scripting
and AD Group Policy experience. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. If your company would like to hire through our
free job board, please sign up here
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=392995d6-9aed-11ed-8f3b-af646d06cc54&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674471641&t=1674475467&s=86adf8be53e07ba95f0a16e3a4ad583decdc24c3cda3eede5ec1bf0a145c5382].


¬†