# Articles TLDR 12-07-2023

Apple has launched on online store on WeChat¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6a4c813e-2088-11ee-8283-afb3d371a21e&pt=campaign&t=1689158918&s=db8e2a5008a0db8f0a4ad63e8303eddbbdcbecfa6a3065aed9d24ed27b327956]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Wiz]
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

TLDR 2023-07-12

A NEW OPERATING MODEL FOR CLOUD SECURITY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

The cloud has fundamentally transformed security. Decentralized
environments, new attack vectors, and new ownership models require a
shift in mindset.
This free, 20-page guide from Wiz
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
outlines the steps you need to take to evolve your security
program‚Äîteams, processes, and tools‚Äîto support cloud development.
It outlines a series of simple actions
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
you can start implementing today to build a cloud security foundation
and mature your practice over time.

Learn the principles of a modern security workflow, the four phases of
achieving it, and check your progress with a handy cheat sheet.

Download the full PDF from Wiz right here
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SAM ALTMAN EXPLAINS WHY HE'S HELPING TO TAKE NUCLEAR MICROREACTOR
COMPANY OKLO PUBLIC VIA SPAC (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/11/sam-altman-talks-about-oklo-nuclear-microreactor-spac.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Oklo, an advanced nuclear fission microreactor startup, is going
public via a merger with a special purpose acquisition company
co-founded by OpenAI CEO Sam Altman. Altman is also the chairman of
Oklo's board. The SPAC will raise as much as $500 million for the
company. It will close by early 2024. The company plans to use the
raised capital to ramp up its supply chain and procurement processes
and for building a pilot scale production facility for its reactor.
Artificial intelligence will demand a lot of energy if it scales up in
the way Altman is predicting it will. 

APPLE LAUNCHES ONLINE STORE ON CHINA'S GIANT WECHAT MESSAGING APP (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/11/apple-launches-wechat-store-in-china.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple has launched an online store on WeChat. WeChat has over 1.2
billion users. It is China's biggest messaging platform. The super app
also features mini-programs that lets users access services from
inside WeChat. Apple's WeChat store will allow users to purchase the
full line of Apple's products with free shipping. Some customers will
be able to receive three-hour delivery and other Apple services, like
the trade-in program. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HERE COME THE MOON LANDING MISSIONS (PROBABLY) (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/07/here-come-the-moon-landing-missions-probably/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The next six months will see up to half a dozen missions attempt to
land on the Moon. The three primary drivers in the renewed interest in
the Moon include the discovery of water on the Moon in the 1990s and
early 2000s, the rise of China's space program, and private companies
looking to exploit resources on the lunar surface. This article
provides a rundown on what to expect from the upcoming Moon missions.
The missions include Chandrayaan-3 in July, Luna 25 and SLIM in
August, IM-1 sometime in the third quarter of this year, Peregrin
Mission One in the fourth quarter, and IM-3 near the end of the year. 

CAN NEURAL STIMULATION ZAP ADDICTION? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/tms-for-addiction?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has shown encouraging results
in clinical trials involving people addicted to various substances.
The treatment has already been authorized in the US, Canada, and the
EU as an aid for cigarette smokers trying to quit. Researchers are
currently studying different forms of TMS that may be able to rewire
the brain of people with addictions more effectively. Some treatments
are currently waiting for regulatory approval. One of the downsides of
TMS is the cost, which many health insurance providers do not cover. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

APACHE CASSANDRA‚Ñ¢ CHEATSHEET (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-cassandra-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-cassandra-cheatsheet]

Apache Cassandra has dozens of metrics that you can use to keep tabs
on your cluster, but it‚Äôs not always easy to remember which nodetool
command to run or which MBean to view.
Get this free cheatsheet from Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-cassandra-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-cassandra-cheatsheet]
‚ÜóÔ∏è to have everything in one place: Nodetool commands for
monitoring and garbage collections, key metrics that you can browse in
JConsole, locations of key resources, and more. Download the
cheatsheet now
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-cassandra-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-cassandra-cheatsheet]

GPT-PROMPT-ENGINEER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mshumer/gpt-prompt-engineer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

gpt-prompt-engineer is a tool that allows prompt engineers to take
their experimentation to a whole new level. Users simply input a
description of the task to be completed with some test cases and the
system will generate, test, and rank prompts to find the ones that
perform the best. gpt-prompt-engineer uses an ELO rating system to
rate generated prompts. A classification version is available for
handling classification tasks. 

AI COMPANION APP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a16z-infra/companion-app?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This tutorial teaches readers how to create and host AI companions
that they can chat with through their browsers or via SMS. Users can
choose the personality and backstory of their companions. A vector
database with similarity search is used to provide conversations with
more depth. These companions can be used as friends, romantic
partners, coaches, and more. The tutorial is intended to be a starter
stack for those curious about how chatbots are built. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THREADS AND THE SOCIAL/COMMUNICATIONS MAP (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/threads-and-the-social-communications-map/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses how social media has changed over the past
decade. While Threads looks a lot like Twitter on many levels, there
are essential differences that may lead it to become something larger
than Twitter ever was. Owning social media is a fool's errand. The
most important new social networks in recent years have been notable
for not really being social networks at all. Apps like TikTok showed
that an abundance of easily-discoverable content can be a powerful
force. 

IT IS OVER. GPT-4'S DETAILS ARE LEAKED (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://pastebin.com/npjASbNp?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This pastebin text contains notes detailing GPT-4's structure. GPT-4
is more than 10 times the size of GPT-3, with an estimated total of
1.8 trillion parameters across 120 layers. OpenAI utilized a Mixture
of Experts model to help keep costs reasonable. The model would have
cost around $63 million to train. Many more details are available in
the text. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

üÜï APIS JUST GOT A BRAND NEW DEVEX (SPONSOR)
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/featureweek/?utm_source=tldr+newsletter&utm_medium=sponsorship&utm_campaign=Feature+Week]

Speakeasy has officially launched! Give your API the #DevEx it
deserves with managed SDKs that are idiomatic, type-safe, and
readable. Follow the latest feature announcements
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/featureweek/?utm_source=tldr+newsletter&utm_medium=sponsorship&utm_campaign=Feature+Week]

NEW CHATGPT RIVAL, CLAUDE 2, LAUNCHES FOR OPEN BETA TESTING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/07/new-chatgpt-rival-claude-2-launches-for-open-beta-testing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Claude 2 is available for users to try on a new beta website and it is
also available as a commercial API for developers. 

LINUXOS ACHIEVES 3% DESKTOP MARKET SHARE AFTER 30 YEARS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://analyticsindiamag.com/linuxos-achieves-3-desktop-market-share-after-30-years/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

One of the reasons behind Linux's rise in user base is due to its
strong presence in high performance computing, making it the go-to
choice for AI/ML experts. 

IS DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING DYING, OR JUST FADING INTO THE BACKGROUND? (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/07/is-distributed-computing-dying-or-just-fading-into-the-backdrop/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Distributed computing involves taking large projects, slicing them
into pieces, and then sending out these pieces to PCs for processing. 

WHY DOES DID GOOGLE BRAIN EXIST? (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.moderndescartes.com/essays/why_brain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A look at Google Brain from someone who worked in the division. 

MICROSOFT CONFIRMS MORE JOB CUTS ON TOP OF 10,000 LAYOFFS ANNOUNCED IN
JANUARY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/10/microsoft-confirms-more-job-cuts-on-top-of-10000-layoffs-in-january.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A memo issued by Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella indicates that the
company plans to change its hardware lineup and consolidate leases. 

TIKTOK PARENT BYTEDANCE TO ALLOW US STAFF TO CASH OUT ON SHARES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://uk.sports.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-tiktok-parent-bytedance-allow-184414512.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

TikTok's US employees will be allowed to vest their shares without
waiting for their company to list on the stock market. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6a4c813e-2088-11ee-8283-afb3d371a21e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689156179&t=1689158918&s=3cee5f96a704b785775ac09d53b372759b307b25dc44aa5e42ffacff32d5e46d].