# Articles TLDR 25-10-2023

Apple is holding a product launch event called Scary Fast on October
30.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=771ca6a0-730d-11ee-b058-4d34678b7e43&pt=campaign&t=1698230634&s=600a97ec02fe4458e8d13d125d75ce5657673d5f9d2dbd561c343d759c4f63f2]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [NexGen Cloud]
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/reserve-now-h100?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=H100%20Reserve&utm_content=25.10]

TLDR 2023-10-25

 NVIDIA ELITE PARTNER INTRODUCES SUPERCOMPUTERS AS A NEW ASSET CLASS
(SPONSOR)
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0-1-0-1?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Emai&utm_content=25.10]


 In the first offering of its kinds, IaaS provider NexGen Cloud is
giving investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers.
The company is projecting 30-50% annualised returns.

	*
Projected 150% profit over 5 years

	*
Income-producing hands-off asset

	*
Uncapped ROI

	*
Limited Opportunity

	*
Fully trackable earning via platform

	*
First mover advantage - AI Boom needs more compute!

GET THE INFO PACK
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0-1-0-1?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Emai&utm_content=25.10]

ARE YOU READY TO TAKE AI TO THE NEXT LEVEL? 
This November, Hyperstack.cloud
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Emai&utm_content=25.10]
brings you the ‚ÄúWorld's Most Powerful GPU for AI‚Äù: the NVIDIA
H100, available directly through our platform.

_Up to 30X higher AI inference performance than the A100!_

Time is of essence - our H100s are on a strict first-come, first-serve
basis.

RESERVE NOW TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT!
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/reserve-now-h100?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Email&utm_campaign=H100%20Reserve&utm_content=25.10]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 APPLE PLANS ‚ÄòSCARY FAST‚Äô PRODUCT EVENT JUST BEFORE HALLOWEEN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/24/23930407/apple-scary-fast-halloween-imac-event-macbook-pro-rumors?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple is holding a product launch event called 'Scary Fast' on
October 30. The company is rumored to be revealing updates to its Mac
lineup during the event. The rumored updates include a refreshed
24-inch iMac and a new MacBook Pro, both possibly featuring the new M3
chip. The event's name may be hinting at the speed boost provided by
the new chip. 

 QUALCOMM SNAPDRAGON X ELITE LOOKS LIKE THE WINDOWS WORLD‚ÄôS ANSWER
TO APPLE SILICON (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/qualcomm-snapdragon-x-elite-looks-like-the-windows-worlds-answer-to-apple-silicon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Qualcomm's Snapdragon X Elite is a 12-core, 4 nm chip that will begin
arriving in PCs starting in mid-2024. The chip is designed to compete
directly with Intel's Core processors, AMD's Ryzen chips, and Apple's
M2 and M3-series processors. It uses 12 large cores (instead of a mix
of large and small ones like its competitors) that can run at peak
speeds of up to 3.8 GHz when all cores are active. The Snapdragon X
Elite uses an all-new custom CPU architecture codenamed Oryon. Many
more details about the chip are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 ATOM COMPUTING IS THE FIRST TO ANNOUNCE A 1,000+ QUBIT QUANTUM
COMPUTER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/10/atom-computing-is-the-first-to-announce-a-1000-qubit-quantum-computer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Atom Computing has been testing a 1,180 qubit quantum computer that
it will make available to customers next year. While the error rate
for individual qubit operations is high enough that it won't be
possible to run algorithms that rely on the full qubit count without
failing due to an error, the computer will be able to run multiple
smaller algorithms in parallel to boost the chances of returning a
correct answer. Atom Computing had previously built a system operating
using only 100 qubits - the company's new system backs up its claims
that its technology can scale rapidly. 

 THE SPACE-BASED DRUG FACTORY THAT CAN‚ÄôT COME HOME (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/space-manufacturing-varda?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Varda Space Industries' space-based drug factory was meant to return
to the Utah desert in early September. Its return has been delayed due
to an ongoing struggle between Varda and US government agencies. The
satellite, which manufactured a few grams of an HIV and hepatitis C
antiviral drug, will now enter the atmosphere no sooner than January
next year. While many thousands of private satellites have launched in
the past, none have yet made it back to Earth in one piece. Varda will
have to address many safety concerns before its satellite can receive
its reentry license. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 KUBERNETES CHEATSHEET (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-kubernetes-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-cheatsheet]


 Monitoring Kubernetes is a tall order! Use this cheatsheet to keep
things simple. Quickly reference all the metrics and commands
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-kubernetes-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-cheatsheet]
you need to monitor your K8s environment ‚Äî resources, disk I/O,
network performance, and more. There‚Äôs also a handy quick-start
guide to using the Datadog K8s dashboard. Get the cheatsheet for free
from Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-kubernetes-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-cheatsheet]


 HONO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/honojs/hono?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Hono is an ultrafast web framework for the Edges. It is small,
simple, and works on any JavaScript runtime. Hono has built-in
middleware, custom middleware, and third-party middleware. It features
super-clean APIs and first-class TypeScript support. 

 YARN 4.0 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://yarnpkg.com/blog/release/4.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Yarn 4.0 has now been released. It introduces a new hardened mode
that performs extra validations to prevent attackers from modifying
lock files when making pull requests using Yarn. The update also
implements many commonly used features and commands in the main
distribution so users can access them without plugins. This article
discusses the many more changes made in the Yarn 4.0 update. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE WAIT EQUATION AND AI INVESTMENT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://javednissar.ca/wait-equation?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 The wait equation evaluates whether it is more advantageous to launch
an interstellar mission immediately with existing technology or delay
until advancements enable faster travel. The same idea applies to
investment in any fast-changing field. A build vs buy decision is not
as simple as looking at vendors and deciding whether their cost is
less than the cost to build. Sometimes, the market will eventually
produce a solution that meets your needs. 

 THE IDEATION FLYWHEEL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.stackfix.com/blog/the-ideation-flywheel?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The Ideation Flywheel is a mental model for thinking about which
startup ideas are worth pursuing and how to improve ideas by testing
them without bias. The first step is to forget about startup ideas
entirely and focus on solving problems. Once you have a list of
possible problems, they need to be ranked. After choosing a problem to
solve, the problem needs to be further defined with real users. Most
problems will be unsolvable or not worth solving, so you will likely
need to repeat the process many times before finding a good startup
idea. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 GOOGLE IS READY TO FILL ITS AI SEARCHES WITH ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/24/23929496/google-alphabet-q3-2023-earnings-ads-ai-sge?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google CEO Sundar Pichai said during the company's earnings call that
users will start seeing experimental ad formats debut on Search
Generative Experience in the coming weeks and months. 

 SIFIVE LAYS OFF HUNDREDS OF RISC-V DEVELOPERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tomshardware.com/news/sifive-lays-off-hundreds-of-risc-v-developers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 SiFive, one of the key companies in the RISC-V ecosystem, is
undergoing a significant restructuring and shift in business focus,
retracting from its pre-designed core offerings and possibly focusing
on custom cores instead. 

 APPLE PAY LATER IS ROLLING OUT TO ALL USERS IN THE US (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/24/23930814/apple-pay-later-launch-bnpl-release?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple Pay Later, which lets users make a purchase and then pay for it
in a series of four installments over the course of six weeks without
any interest or late fees, is now available within Apple Wallet to all
users in the US. 

 UNIFIED VERSUS SPLIT DIFF (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matklad.github.io/2023/10/23/unified-vs-split-diff.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This article proposes a new format for code review and provides a
script for checking out pull requests locally using the format. 

 CALIFORNIA DMV IMMEDIATELY SUSPENDS CRUISE‚ÄôS ROBOTAXI PERMIT (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/24/dmv-immediately-suspends-cruises-robotaxi-permit-in-california/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Cruise's robotaxi permit was suspended as the company allegedly
withheld video footage from an ongoing investigation with the DMV. 

 WHEN "LETTING IT CRASH" IS NOT ENOUGH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://flawless.dev/essays/when-letting-it-crash-is-not-enough/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Durable execution creates a database for compute progression that
stores the minimal amount of data needed to reconstruct an
application's state at any time, guaranteeing code completion even if
an app needs to be restarted in the middle. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=771ca6a0-730d-11ee-b058-4d34678b7e43&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698228064&t=1698230634&s=5af6d545339b67db237335a94b3521d42d5458b483fc34fdbec0d36cdca03654].


¬†