# Articles TLDR 06-06-2023

Apples augmented reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro, will launch
early next year starting at $3,499.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ce411bdc-0436-11ee-b859-5b0cab9e4b88&pt=campaign&t=1686049659&s=2e6db4f0089790ef1ec557c4ea6a63f94dc88c060b32102a723d2f933c2357be]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [CleanMyMac X]
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]

TLDR 2023-06-06

MAC FULL OF JUNK? (SPONSOR)
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]


Junk files, hung processes, and malicious apps can slow down even the
latest, most powerful Macs. CleanMyMac X
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]
is the all-in-one Mac maintenance tool that gets rid of stuff like:
üóëÔ∏è Old junk

üòí Faulty apps

ü¶† Malware

Keep your hardware healthy
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]
and enjoy a seamless macOS experience. There‚Äôs also a neat and
hassle-free UI to monitor your Mac's health, CPU load, and more.

With nearly 30 million downloads and 15 years of expertise, this app
is a must-try for any Mac user.

Get 5% off
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]
with a 30 day money back guarantee. Download CleanMyMac X now
[https://macpaw.com/store/cleanmymac/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=pr&utm_campaign=en-newsletter-2023-q2-wwdc]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE VISION PRO IS APPLE‚ÄôS NEW AR HEADSET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23738968/apple-vision-pro-ar-headset-features-specs-price-release-date-wwdc-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's augmented reality headset, the Apple Vision Pro, will launch
early next year starting at $3,499. The headset seamlessly blends the
real and digital world. It doesn't need any controllers. Users control
the device using their eyes, hands, and voice. Users who wear glasses
can purchase optical inserts made by Zeiss. The Apple Vision Pro uses
an M2 chip and includes a new chip called the R1. Many more details
about the headset are available in the article along with photos and
videos. 

APPLE ANNOUNCES NEW MACBOOK AIR WITH 15.3-INCH DISPLAY AND M2 CHIP (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/06/05/apple-new-15-inch-macbook-air/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's new 15-inch MacBook Air is 11.5mm thick and weighs 3.3 pounds.
It is 12 times faster than the fastest Intel-based MacBook Air. The
fanless MacBook Air features an M2 chip, a 1080p FaceTime HD camera, a
three-microphone array, a six-speaker system, a battery that can last
18 hours on a single charge, MagSafe, two Thunderbolt ports, and a
3.5mm headphone jack. It comes in four colors and starts at $1,299.
Pre-orders for the MacBook Air 15-inch are now open, with deliveries
beginning next week. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

LUNG CANCER PILL CUTS RISK OF DEATH BY HALF (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/jun/04/lung-cancer-pill-cuts-risk-of-death-by-half-says-thrilling-study?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A late-stage study led by researchers at Yale University showed that
taking the drug osimertinib after lung cancer surgery reduced the risk
of patients dying by 51%. The study looked at whether the drug could
help patients with non-small cell lung cancer, the most common form of
the disease. Everyone in the trial had a gene mutation found in about
a quarter of global lung cancer cases. Earlier trials of the drug
showed that it also halves the risk of a recurrence of the disease. 

COMMON EYE DROPS MAY PROVIDE HOPE FOR NEARSIGHTED KIDS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/medical/common-eye-drops-hope-nearsighted-kids-atropine/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new study has found that a commonly-used eye drop could help slow
the progression of nearsightedness in children. The eye drop is used
to dilate pupils before eye exams. Children in the study who used the
eye drops at bedtime had slower myopia progression than those who
received a placebo, resulting in a lower prescription for glasses. Few
side effects were reported. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MASTERING CSS BLEND MODES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.kodingkitty.com/blog/blend-modes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


CSS mix blend modes provide an easy and powerful way to create
visually interesting designs. They allow developers to manipulate how
elements interact with each other. CSS blend modes offer similar
capabilities to photo editing software for manipulating the appearance
of elements. This article uses the Tailwind framework to show what CSS
mix blend modes can do. All examples apply to regular CSS. 

MERCURY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mljar/mercury?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Mercury allows users to build web apps in Jupyter Notebooks using only
Python. It enables users to add interactive widgets in Python
notebooks so they can share results without rewriting notebooks to web
frameworks. Mercury can be used to create interactive presentations,
build data-rich dashboards, create reports, and more. 

ETHICAL HACKING 101 WORKSHOP HOSTED BY SNYK | REGISTER FOR FREE
(SPONSOR)
[https://go.snyk.io/202306-ethical-hacking-101-workshop-2.html?utm_campaign=eh-101_06-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=202306-ethical-hacking-101-workshop-2]


Dare to hack? Join Snyk's hands-on Ethical Hacking 101 workshop to
exploit prototype pollution and path traversal vulnerabilities. You'll
learn how to proactively identify and fix security weaknesses.
Register now!
[https://go.snyk.io/202306-ethical-hacking-101-workshop-2.html?utm_campaign=eh-101_06-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=202306-ethical-hacking-101-workshop-2]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MAJOR REDDIT COMMUNITIES WILL GO DARK TO PROTEST THREAT TO THIRD-PARTY
APPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23749188/reddit-subreddit-private-protest-api-changes-apollo-charges?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some of Reddit's biggest communities are planning to set themselves to
private on June 12 over the site's new API pricing. The protest is
planned to go on for 48 hours, but some subreddits will go away
permanently until the issue is adequately addressed. Reddit's new API
pricing will mean that many third-party apps will no longer be able to
operate. Many subreddit moderators rely on third-party apps to manage
their communities and the loss of these apps will significantly impact
their ability to moderate efficiently. A link to a complete list of
the communities taking part in the protest is available in the
article. 

APPLE ANNOUNCES IOS 17 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23738813/apple-ios-17-features-specs-updates-wwdc-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


iOS 17 includes new safety features, a built-in journaling app, a new
nightstand mode, redesigned contact cards, better autocorrect and
voice transcription, and live voicemail. Users will be able to search
through Messages using filter searchers and additional terms and a new
feature called Check In allows users to share their location and
status with someone else and automatically send a message when the
user arrives home. Stickers and AirDrop also received updates. More
details about what's new in iOS 17 are available in the article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SEC SUES BINANCE, SAYS IT EVADED US LAW WITH ‚ÄúEXTENSIVE WEB OF
DECEPTION‚Äù (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/06/sec-sues-binance-says-it-evaded-us-law-with-extensive-web-of-deception/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US SEC alleges that Binance and its CEO Changpeng Zhao blatantly
disregarded federal law and enriched themselves while placing
investors' assets at significant risk and will be seeking fines,
disgorgement of ill-gotten gains with interest, and injunctions. 

TO REDUCE MOTION SICKNESS IN VR, APPLE DEVELOPED THE NEW R1 CHIP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/05/apple-r1-chip-apple-vision-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The R1 chip takes all the sensors embedded into the Vision Pro to
create real-time 3D mapping and precise head, hand, and eye tracking
to dramatically reduce motion sickness. 

MODERATION STRIKE: STACK OVERFLOW, INC. CANNOT CONSISTENTLY IGNORE,
MISTREAT, AND MALIGN ITS VOLUNTEERS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://meta.stackexchange.com/questions/389811/moderation-strike-stack-overflow-inc-cannot-consistently-ignore-mistreat-an?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A large number of moderators, curators, and users from around Stack
Overflow and Stack Exchange initiated a global moderation strike on
June 5 in protest of recent and upcoming changes to policy and the
platform regarding AI-generated content. 

NVIDIA UNVEILS NEW KIND OF ETHERNET FOR AI, GRACE HOPPER 'SUPERCHIP'
IN FULL PRODUCTION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/nvidia-unveils-new-kind-of-ethernet-for-ai-grace-hopper-superchip-in-full-production/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spectrum-4, the world's first high-performance ethernet switch for AI,
can route 128 ports of 400-gigabit ethernet or 64 ports of 800-gigabit
ethernet without dropping packets. 

I SPENT 10% OF MY LIFE CONTRIBUTING TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE
#VISIONPRO (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/sterlingcrispin/status/1665792422914453506]


A look at some of the technology behind the Vision Pro from someone
who spent 3.5 years helping develop the headset. 

GOOGLE JUST DROPPED A 100% FREE LEARNING PATH ON GENERATIVE AI WITH 9
COURSES üëá (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/alliekmiller/status/1665402499245961216] 

The learning path guides students through a curated collection of
content on Generative AI products, from the fundamentals to how to
create and deploy generative AI solutions. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ce411bdc-0436-11ee-b859-5b0cab9e4b88&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686045629&t=1686049659&s=104bc10e4a8b690f4cc59c0cd6124fc75360492887db68bd25bd1b77f8e8b82d].