# Articles TLDR 20-02-2023

Google is reportedly paying Apple a portion of the search revenue
generated from Google Chrome on iOS.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b15e08ae-b0f3-11ed-b876-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&t=1676895030&s=6b104ebec9856c9e198bdebccb9bb137d6579254107b462fa167c10e6b9b7213]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/event/202302-scaling-dev-efficiency/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral%20-%20TLDR%20-%20202302%20GTM%20On-Demand]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-20

ON-DEMAND WORKSHOP: SCALING DEVELOPER EFFICIENCY IN A DOWN MARKET
(SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/event/202302-scaling-dev-efficiency/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral%20-%20TLDR%20-%20202302%20GTM%20On-Demand]


The days of growth at all costs are over. In 2023, you need to scale
efficiency ‚Äî which means delivering quality code and increasing
velocity, without adding headcount.
Find out how other engineering leaders have adapted in this on-demand
workshop by LinearB
[https://linearb.io/event/202302-scaling-dev-efficiency/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral%20-%20TLDR%20-%20202302%20GTM%20On-Demand].
You‚Äôll learn about:

	*
Automated PR merge routing

	*
Setting data-driven OKRs

	*
Standardizing coding practices that optimize for shorter cycle times

	*
R&D investment reporting

	*
Policy as code

Watch the LinearB workshop now, free
[https://linearb.io/event/202302-scaling-dev-efficiency/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral%20-%20TLDR%20-%20202302%20GTM%20On-Demand]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE GETS A CUT OF SEARCH REVENUE FROM CHROME AS PART OF SECRET
GOOGLE DEAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/17/google-apple-chrome-search-revenue/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is reportedly paying Apple a portion of the search revenue
generated from Google Chrome on iOS. This agreement may be why Apple
has not developed its own search engine or invested in its Safari
browser to compete with Chrome. It is currently unknown how much
Google is paying Apple as part of this arrangement. The arrangement is
being investigated by the Competition and Markets Authority in the UK.
This payment is in addition to the multi-billion dollar deal Apple
already receives from Google for being the default search engine on
iPhone, iPad, and Mac. 

MICROSOFT LIMITS BING CHAT TO FIVE REPLIES TO STOP THE AI FROM GETTING
REAL WEIRD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/17/23604906/microsoft-bing-ai-chat-limits-conversations?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has implemented question limits to its Bing AI chatbot in
response to recent incidents of the bot acting strangely. Bing
conversations are now capped at 50 questions per day and five per
session. Users will be prompted to start a new topic if the
five-question limit is reached. Longer chat sessions of 15 or more
questions can make Bing become repetitive or be prompted to give
responses that are not helpful. Microsoft is still working to improve
Bing's tone. The cap may be temporary. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

INTRODUCING THE AI MIRROR TEST, WHICH VERY SMART PEOPLE KEEP FAILING
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23604075/ai-chatbots-bing-chatgpt-intelligent-sentient-mirror-test?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The mirror test is a concept in behavioral psychology that is used to
measure an animal's self-awareness. A new form of this test has arisen
due to the growing capabilities of artificial intelligence. People
have become convinced of the AI's intelligence because it is trained
on humanity‚Äôs wealth of language and writing. Many people believe
that they have spotted another form of life instead recognizing
themselves in this new machine mirror. 

THIS NEW BREED OF GENERATOR CAN RUN ON ALMOST ANY FUEL (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/mainspring-energy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article talks about how the linear generator was developed and
how it works. The linear generator is a technology developed by
Mainspring Energy that has the potential to make the decarbonized
power system available, reliable, and resilient. It is able to quickly
switch between different types of green fuel and not-so-green fuel,
such as biogas, ammonia, and hydrogen. It began rolling out
commercially in 2020 after 14 years of development. Linear generators
are currently installed at tens of sites, producing 230 to 460
kilowatts at each location. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MY FAVOURITE 3 LINES OF CSS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://andy-bell.co.uk/my-favourite-3-lines-of-css/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article talks about a snippet of CSS for managing Flow and Rhythm
with CSS Custom Properties. It breaks down how the code works and
discusses reasons for using .flow and margin. The article demonstrates
how CSS Custom Properties are more powerful than just CSS variables. 

REVERIE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/facebookexperimental/reverie?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Reverie is a Linux framework that can be used to intercept, modify, or
elide system calls before the kernel executes them. It can be used for
observability tools such as strace, failure injection to test error
handling logic, and manipulating scheduling decisions to expose
concurrency bugs. Reverie features ergonomic syscall handling,
async-await usage, CPUID and RDTSC interception, typed syscalls, and
more. 

DATA LEADERS: GET FREE ACCESS TO THE SEMANTIC LAYER SUMMIT 2023
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


The Semantic Layer Summit is a one-day virtual event featuring talks
from 30+ data industry veterans and experts
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null].
This year‚Äôs talks will cover data products, the modern data stack,
data mesh, and more. If you want to network with other data leaders,
learn, get access to extra recorded content ‚Äî register to save your
virtual seat for free
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null].


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

META JUST GAVE THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES POOR PERFORMANCE REVIEWS THAT
COULD CLEAR THE WAY FOR MORE LAYOFFS DURING ITS ‚ÄòYEAR OF
EFFICIENCY‚Äô (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/dOrAf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta managers have reportedly given 'subpar' performance reviews to
thousands of employees, raising fears of more layoffs. Around 10% of
workers received poor reviews. The company's metaverse division is
seemingly safe from cuts. Reality Labs was responsible for $13.7
billion in losses last year. Despite this, Mark Zuckerberg remains
committed to the division. 

MAN BEATS MACHINE AT GO IN HUMAN VICTORY OVER AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/man-beats-machine-at-go-in-human-victory-over-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Kellin Pelrine, an American Go player one level below the top amateur
ranking, has beaten a top-ranked AI system at the board game Go.
Pelrine won 14 out of 15 games by taking advantage of a flaw
identified by another computer. The vulnerability is not difficult for
a human to spot, but the Go-playing bot failed to notice it. The
weakness shows how AI systems only 'understand' specific situations
and are unable to generalize the way humans can. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DON‚ÄôT LET API DEPENDENCIES SLOW YOU DOWN (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiremock.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=feb&utm_campaign=news]


Mock any API with WireMock Cloud ‚Äî and keep building instead of
waiting for flaky or incomplete APIs. WireMock is open source and
trusted by Intuit, Finastra, and Paypal. Start mocking for free
[https://www.wiremock.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=feb&utm_campaign=news]


'AI.COM' NOW TAKES YOU TO CHATGPT. OPENAI EVIDENTLY PAID MILLIONS FOR
IT. (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/chatgpt-ai-dot-com-domain-name-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI.com was acquired in 2021 but it didn't point to an actual website
until just this week. 

MICROSOFT'S BING PLANS AI ADS IN EARLY PITCH TO ADVERTISERS (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/jWQa5?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Microsoft plans to allow paid links within responses to search
results. 

NEW HEADLESS CHROME HAS BEEN RELEASED AND HAS A NEAR-PERFECT BROWSER
FINGERPRINT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://antoinevastel.com/bot%20detection/2023/02/19/new-headless-chrome.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new headless Chrome browser makes it easier for bot developers to
bypass detection. 

AMAZON WANTS EMPLOYEES TO RETURN TO THE OFFICE IN MAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/amazon-wants-employees-to-return-to-the-office-in-may-203129447.html?src=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon employees will be required to work out of the office at least
three days per week starting in May. 

STARLINK‚ÄôS TESTING A ‚ÄòGLOBAL ROAMING‚Äô INTERNET SERVICE FOR $200
PER MONTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/18/23605400/starlink-global-roaming-service-spacex-satellite-internet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starlink's Global Roaming Service will allow users to connect from
almost anywhere on land in the world. 

THREADLESS PROCESS INJECTION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/CCob/ThreadlessInject?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Process injection is a technique used for executing code from within
the address space of another process, commonly used to mask activity
within legitimate processes. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

METHOD FINANCIAL - SENIOR FULLSTACK ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $180,000 -
$215,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-fullstack-engineer-/312] 

Method Financial is hiring a Senior Fullstack Engineer to build and
create with JavaScript for a Top 10 Fintech Startup focused on
providing the opportunity for ambitious and entrepreneurial
individuals to have high levels of impact at the forefront of the
fintech space. 

WAGZ, INC. - BACKEND API ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, UP TO $120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/backend-api--engineer/311] 

Wagz, Inc. is hiring a Backend API Engineer to design, develop,
deploy, and support solutions for a company that helps improve the
lives of pets and their families. 

JUSTWORKS - MOBILE SOFTWARE ENGINEER, JUSTWORKS HOURS (NEW YORK CITY,
NEW YORK, $115,000 - $155,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/mobile-software-engineer%2C-justworks-hours/307]


Justworks is hiring a Mobile Software Engineer to work collaboratively
with other engineers, product managers, and designers to build
features and functionality for a company trusted by businesses across
the country to manage their most valuable asset: employee time. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b15e08ae-b0f3-11ed-b876-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676890822&t=1676895030&s=ec18b45de1041a539342fe77db7d9673e25171a123c44886f23141efa95eaaf7].


¬†