# Articles TLDR 15-02-2023

Apple is rumored to be preparing to launch a 15-inch MacBook Air in
early April.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d7dbaec4-acfb-11ed-9cfd-93797739876f&pt=campaign&t=1676463077&s=947edbbc9f32f1c89875acfaaa35ce278c7bb4158f6e7794d6c23ffefa199c91]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/rtp-for-developers?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-15]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-15

REAL-TIME PAYMENTS (RTP) FOR DEVELOPERS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/rtp-for-developers?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-15]


Faster payment rails are remaking US money movement. The Real Time
Payment (RTP) Network presents a particularly interesting opportunity
to move away from the batched, time-sensitive operations of
traditional payment rails.
The new ebook from Modern Treasury
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/rtp-for-developers?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-15]
covers:

	*
The design principles of RTP ‚Äî including messaging standards,
transaction types, and limits

	*
Use cases for RTP when building fintech SaaS, marketplaces, or payment
platforms

	*
A hands-on example of building against RTP

Download the technical ebook (free) to learn RTP best practices for
developers
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/rtp-for-developers?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-15]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

15-INCH MACBOOK AIR RUMORED TO LAUNCH IN APRIL AS DISPLAY PRODUCTION
UNDERWAY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/02/13/15-inch-macbook-air-display-production/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is rumored to be preparing to launch a 15-inch MacBook Air in
early April. Production on the displays is already underway. Apple
usually holds an event in the spring to announce new products. It is
unclear if the next-generation 3nm-based M3 chip will be ready for the
launch. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS ‚ÄúPRIVACY SANDBOX‚Äù ADVERTISING SYSTEM ARRIVES ON
ANDROID, IN BETA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/02/googles-privacy-sandbox-advertising-system-arrives-on-android-in-beta/?comments=1&comments-page=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's Privacy Sandbox Android Beta is now being rolled out
gradually. The feature tracks users by interest groups rather than
individually, improving privacy. Users can block ad categories and
turn off the feature if they want. Google has no plans to reduce
tracking on Android and plans to continue support for existing ads
platform features at least until 2024. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

RESEARCHERS IDENTIFY COMPOUNDS THAT COULD LEAD TO AN ON-DEMAND,
SHORT-TERM CONTRACEPTIVE FOR MEN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/979321??utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have identified a potential non-hormonal contraceptive for
men. The compound temporarily disables an enzyme essential for
activating a sperm cell's ability to swim and mature. It can be taken
shortly before sexual activity with fertility restored the next day.
The compound was shown to be effective in mice and did not interfere
with the animals' sexual functioning. 

SCIENTISTS USE "ACOUSTIC HOLOGRAMS" TO FORM PARTICLES INTO COMPLEX 3D
SHAPES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/acoustic-holograms-form-3d-shapes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers in Germany have created 3D shapes out of particles
suspended in water using ultrasonic waves. The acoustic holograms are
produced by manipulating the pressure exerted by high frequency
ultrasonic waves through an inexpensive 3D-printed plate. The
researchers were able to form a helix and a figure 8 out of silica gel
beads and create spherical clumps of biological cells. The technique
could have invaluable applications for gently manipulating delicate
biological cells. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITHUB‚ÄôS COPILOT FOR BUSINESS IS NOW GENERALLY AVAILABLE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/14/githubs-copilot-for-business-is-now-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub's Copilot for Business is now generally available for $19 a
month. Copilot for Business adds features like license management,
organization-wide policy management, and additional privacy features.
GitHub Copilot now supports connections over proxy. The model is
constantly being refined and updated. Copilot is predicted to soon be
able to generate 80% of a developer's code. 

PROMPTABLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cfortuner/promptable?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Promptable is a library that enables users to build AI applications
using LLMs, Embeddings providers, databases, and APIs. It offers a
flexible and extensible API that makes it easy to compose LLMs with
data and tools to quickly and easily create complex applications.
Promptable can be used to create chatbots, writing apps, search apps,
automations, assistants, and more. 

INTERESTED IN DATA RELIABILITY? LEARN FROM THE WORLD'S FOREMOST
EXPERTS AT THE DATA RELIABILITY ENGINEERING CONFERENCE (SPONSOR)
[https://drecon.org/?utm_campaign=DRECon%20-%20TLDR&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter]


DRE Con is the world's only conference on the tools, processes, and
people that make up the DRE ecosystem. Join virtually on April 19 for
hands-on workshops, live Q&A, and presentations from standouts in the
data space
[https://drecon.org/?utm_campaign=DRECon%20-%20TLDR&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter].
Featured speakers include Kelsey Hightower (Google), Chad Sanderson
(Data Quality Camp), Ellora Praharaj (Stack Overflow), and others.
Save your spot for free
[https://drecon.org/?utm_campaign=DRECon%20-%20TLDR&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ERASE BROWSER HISTORY: CAN AI RESET THE BROWSER BATTLE? (45 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/14/23598344/mozilla-firefox-ceo-mitchell-baker-microsoft-edge-bing-google-apple-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The web is fundamentally changing with the introduction of platforms
like Mastodon and Microsoft's ChatGPT-powered Bing search engine.
Mozilla is a nonprofit that aims to protect the open internet while
still trying to compete and cooperate with tech giants. This article
features an interview with Mitchell Baker, chair of the Mozilla
Foundation, where he discusses how Mozilla plans to navigate this
period of change while staying true to itself. Mozilla has multiple
products in the works that aim to impact the internet in different
ways. 

THESE ARE MICROSOFT‚ÄôS BING AI SECRET RULES AND WHY IT SAYS IT‚ÄôS
NAMED SYDNEY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23599441/microsoft-bing-ai-sydney-secret-rules?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's new Bing AI has been telling people its name is Sydney.
Sydney is an internal code name for a chat experience Microsoft was
previously exploring. Users have discovered a secret set of rules by
exploiting the system. A list of the rules can be found in the
article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GIT GUD WITH INSIGHT FROM 20,000 DEVELOPERS (SPONSOR)
[https://adadot.com/index.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230215] 

Adadot coaches good developers into becoming great. Get personalized
recommendations that help you find and maintain momentum. Voted #1
Developer Tool of the Week on Product Hunt. Try Adadot free
[https://adadot.com/index.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230215] 

ERIC SCHMIDT IS BUILDING THE PERFECT AI WAR-FIGHTING MACHINE (7 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/ve86J?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Eric Schmidt, former Google CEO, is backing a startup that uses
machine learning to test war machines from computer models. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS FULLY HOMOMORPHIC ENCRYPTION COMPILER ‚Äî A PRIMER (19
MINUTE READ)
[https://jeremykun.com/2023/02/13/googles-fully-homomorphic-encryption-compiler-a-primer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Fully homomorphic encryption involves encrypting data and then running
programs on that data without ever decrypting it. 

BUZZFEED LAUNCHES INFINITY QUIZZES, CREATING PERSONALIZED STORIES
POWERED BY OPENAI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/14/buzzfeed-launches-infinity-quizzes-creating-personalized-stories-powered-by-openai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Infinity Quizzes are similar to Mad Libs, except the stories it
produces are theoretically infinite. 

HOW SPOTIFY'S PODCAST BET WENT WRONG (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/02/12/2023/how-spotifys-podcast-bet-went-wrong?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spotify's deal with Joe Rogan resulted in internal friction and public
controversies. 

HOW RUST WENT FROM A SIDE PROJECT TO THE WORLD‚ÄôS MOST-LOVED
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Bc2Mr?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Graydon Hoare started designing Rust after the software in the
elevator of his building crashed. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

BONDY GROUP - SOFTWARE ENGINEER WEB3 (BACKEND ORIENTED) (FULLY REMOTE,
UP TO $120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer-web3-(backend-oriented)/295]


Bondy Group is a third-party recruiter hiring a Software Engineer Web3
to write open-source software and public docs for Zetachain. 

DATAFORTRESS.CLOUD - DEVOPS & DATA ENGINEERING (FULLY REMOTE, $50,000
- $90,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/devops-%26-data-engineering/300] 

DataFortress.cloud is hiring a DevOps & Data Engineering to create
high-tech private cloud solutions that handle data pipelines for
well-known European customers. 

PEOPLEWARE STAFFING - PROJECT ENGINEER (REDONDO BEACH, CALIFORNIA,
$50,000 - $75,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/project-engineer/301] 

PeopleWare Staffing is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Project
Engineer to plan and oversee projects at a small and growing company
in Redondo Beach. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d7dbaec4-acfb-11ed-9cfd-93797739876f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676458815&t=1676463077&s=6b0a7a60ab7409ee1b468c6f73c81e7b1442a85ef26614f23beba25356084035].


¬†