# Articles TLDR 21-06-2023

OpenAI plans to launch a marketplace for AI models built on top of its
technology.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ee4d7f18-1004-11ee-8dee-97047ba11ddf&pt=campaign&t=1687345834&s=c474ea82e92cef0a9d01becb6fddf6cb2e4235d17dc7b7deaf19a34759bc0f6b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [NexGen Cloud]
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0]

TLDR 2023-06-21

NVIDIA ELITE PARTNER INTRODUCES SUPERCOMPUTERS AS A NEW ASSET CLASS
(SPONSOR) [https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0]

In the first offering of its kind, IaaS provider NexGen Cloud is
giving investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers.
The company is projecting 30-50% annualised returns.

	*
Targeting 150% profit over 5 years

	*
Income-producing hands-off asset

	*
Uncapped ROI

	*
Limited Opportunity

	*
Fully trackable earning via platform

	*
First mover advantage - AI Boom needs more compute!

Get the info pack [https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0]

ARE YOU CONSUMING ACCELERATED COMPUTE?

Make your complex workload easier by launching your virtual instances
with our platform, Hyperstack. Enterprise-grade accelerated instances
at scale with an easy-to-use platform.

_5x more efficient and up to 80% cheaper when compared to the EC2
instance!_

Download Price Comparison
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/price-comparison]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI PLANS APP STORE FOR AI SOFTWARE, THE INFORMATION REPORTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/openai-plans-app-store-ai-software-information-2023-06-20/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI plans to launch a marketplace for AI models built on top of its
technology. Enterprise customers often tailor OpenAI's technology to
their specific use cases. The marketplace would allow these customers
to make their models available to other businesses. It will compete
with other app stores, including one by Microsoft, and help OpenAI's
technology reach more people. 

RIVIAN IS THE NEXT AUTOMAKER TO ADOPT TESLA'S CHARGING PLUGS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/06/rivian-is-the-next-automaker-to-adopt-teslas-charging-plugs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Combined Changing System (CCS) standard's connector and cable are
big and unwieldy, unlike Tesla's more elegant alternative, the North
American Charging Standard (NACS). Rivian will start building NACS
ports into its vehicles in 2025. It will make adaptors available for
its customers. Tesla charging sites will be added to Rivian's mobile
and vehicle navigation apps. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

DEEPMIND'S CO-FOUNDER SUGGESTED TESTING AN AI CHATBOT'S ABILITY TO
TURN $100,000 INTO $1 MILLION TO MEASURE HUMAN-LIKE INTELLIGENCE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deepminds-co-founder-suggested-testing-135637525.html?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAABAbuc3XG92O41RKUgnIHj8dgI55xZS6ISiq-hdeMR4jJYGiQL2KeZo2nrJBzFvm9h63aM7oui9xV1_Ma6dlMLvyjELbGHzua1SKWeK-F-phZXL5j62gGLdih5-PXjOWY6WQkA5qcAbjKbI2XUgSsWcDc4UA6DosUoHE2Pnkk8KU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mustafa Suleyman, formerly head of applied AI at DeepMind and now CEO
and co-founder of Inflection AI, believes that the Turing test is an
outdated method to test AI intelligence. The Turing test doesn't
reveal information about what systems understand, whether they have
established complex internal monologues, or if they engage in planning
over abstract time horizons. Suleyman proposes a concept called
artificial capable intelligence (ACI), where bots are able to complete
short-term goals and tasks with little human input. Bots can achieve
ACI by passing a modern Turing test that involves turning a $100,000
seed investment into $1 million. Suleyman believes that AI will be
able to achieve that milestone in the next two years. 

ROBOCAT: A SELF-IMPROVING ROBOTIC AGENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.deepmind.com/blog/robocat-a-self-improving-robotic-agent?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

RoboCat is a self-improving AI agent for robotics. It learns to
perform tasks across different arms and then self-generates new
training data to improve its technique. RoboCat can solve and adapt to
multiple tasks across different robots. It learns much faster than
other state-of-the-art models, picking up new tasks with as few as 100
demonstrations. A video demonstrating RoboCat's abilities is available
in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

NOVEL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/steven-tey/novel?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Novel is a Notion-style editor with AI-powered autocompletions. It can
be deployed to Vercel with one click. A 30-second video demo is
available. 

HOW TO USE GITHUB COPILOT: PROMPTS, TIPS, AND USE CASES (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-20-how-to-write-better-prompts-for-github-copilot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This guide shares examples and best practices for communicating with
GitHub Copilot. Generative AI coding tools are transforming the way
developers work, but just like with any emerging tech, there is a
learning curve. Learning how GitHub Copilot processes information can
help developers adjust how they communicate with it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NOT THAT KIND OF OPEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://daringfireball.net/linked/2023/06/19/not-that-kind-of-open?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some Mastodon/Fediverse administrators have pledged to preemptively
block Meta's upcoming ActivityPub service. ActivityPub makes social
networking truly open. Blocking Meta from participating in the
protocol seems to go against that ideal. There are billions of people
who use Meta's services and there is no reason to cut them off from
the ActivityPub social world. 

EVERYONE HAS A SIDE HUSTLE NOW. IS THAT A GOOD THING? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/everyone-has-a-side-hustle-now-is-that-a-good-thing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Almost everyone has a side hustle. Even many leaders have significant
side hustles. Remote work means that people no longer have to hide
their other gigs from their co-workers. Many founders and CEOs don't
like this. Side hustles are a distraction to workers' full-time jobs.
While people can be good at doing more than one thing, being truly
great requires full commitment. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EMERGING ARCHITECTURES FOR LLM APPLICATIONS (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/06/20/emerging-architectures-for-llm-applications/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This post shares a reference architecture for the emerging LLM tech
stack that shows the most common systems, tools, and design patterns
used by tech companies and startups. 

ARGUABLY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/treykeown/arguably?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

arguably turns functions into command line interfaces, automatically
generating help messages using docstrings. 

IOS 17 AND MACOS SONOMA AUTOMATICALLY GENERATES APPLE ID PASSKEYS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/06/20/passkey-apple-sites/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma users are automatically assigned a
passkey to their Apple IDs for use on iCloud and Apple sites. 

PG_EASY_REPLICATE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/shayonj/pg_easy_replicate?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

pg_easy_replicate is a command-line orchestrator tool that makes
setting up logical replication between two PostgreSQL databases
simple. 

AI IS A LOT OF WORK (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/features/23764584/ai-artificial-intelligence-data-notation-labor-scale-surge-remotasks-openai-chatbots?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article tells the story of the people that sort and tag the data
that AI learns from. 

HOW "EXIT TRAPS" CAN MAKE YOUR BASH SCRIPTS WAY MORE ROBUST AND
RELIABLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[http://redsymbol.net/articles/bash-exit-traps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Commands or functions trapped in EXIT can ensure that bash scripts
always perform necessary cleanup operations even when something
unexpected goes wrong. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ee4d7f18-1004-11ee-8dee-97047ba11ddf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687341633&t=1687345834&s=c161cb50800c3459a3287a9ae35c7011ce63d3ea7f505b18682a3c7cee0b6377].