# Articles TLDR 22-09-2023

Apple signed a 10-year deal last fall to serve as MLS primary
broadcast partner.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=eff36280-5922-11ee-992a-9184a61672da&pt=campaign&t=1695379470&s=86fd1cfab4e1d990a484b46f0e67d5c3aeaaf2c33fff1943567e0b86a8915c90]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-22

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INSIDE APPLE‚ÄôS PLAN TO CHANGE THE WAY WE WATCH SPORTS (20 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.gq.com/story/apple-sports-streaming-mls-eddy-cue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple signed a 10-year deal last fall to serve as MLS' primary
broadcast partner. The deal is set to give Lionel Messi a percentage
of the revenue generated from new subscriptions to MLS Season Pass.
This was Apple's biggest move yet into the sports business. Apple is
methodically working its way into deals with other leagues and
broadcasters. 

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS SURFACE AND AI EVENT: ALL THE NEWS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS (14
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/21/23882273/microsoft-event-surface-windows-office-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft held a special event in New York City on September 21. It
announced new Surface hardware and detailed its vision for AI-powered
features in its products at the event. Microsoft plans to release the
next big Windows update on September 26. This page contains a
collection of articles that detail the announcements made at the
event. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AMAZON‚ÄôS RUMORED HOME PROJECTOR CAN TURN ANYTHING INTO A SCREEN (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/21/23884363/amazon-smart-home-projector-alexa-device?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon is rumored to be working on a projector that can turn any
surface into a screen. The device has many potential applications for
Amazon's smart home ecosystem. Amazon is also working on technology to
map homes. Its attempt to acquire iRobot for its home mapping
technology has stalled due to regulatory scrutiny. 

PRICING IN THE END OF OBESITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://investmenttakes.substack.com/p/pricing-in-the-end-of-obesity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Many major companies are working hard to assess the impact that a new
class of weight loss drugs will have on their businesses. Obesity is
an enormous global healthcare issue, affecting around one in eight
people. It's extremely expensive in terms of human health and economic
costs. Many companies either directly or indirectly profit from
obesity, so making the disease less prevalent will likely hurt them. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

BUZZ (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/buzz-language/buzz?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

buzz is a small, statically typed scripting language. It is
unambiguous and requires no nonsense coercion. A VS Code extension
with syntax highlighting is available. 

DIVING INTO ENGINEERING METRICS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://hybridhacker.email/p/diving-into-engineering-metrics?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This essay dives into the world of engineering metrics. It looks at
what engineering metrics are and their purpose, how they relate to
productivity, and how to make the most from them. Engineering metrics
are quantitative measures that provide insight into various aspects of
the software development process. They can help understand
performance, support decision-making, communicate progress, and ensure
quality. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CASINO ON MARS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/09/casino-on-mars?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The speculative frenzy in crypto is attracting users and catalyzing
the infrastructure necessary to create a thriving crypto civilization.
This article draws similarities between the crypto industry and
settling a new planet. While some people see crypto as a desolate
planet without purpose, others see it as a blank slate on which an
upgraded financial system and internet platform can be built. The
casino-like speculation is part of the bootstrapping process. 

THE MOST ADVANCED YET ACCEPTABLE PRODUCTS WIN (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/the-most-advanced-yet-acceptable-products-win?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Most Advanced Yet Acceptable (MAYA) design rule dictates that the
ideal design sits between solutions that are completely novel and
entirely familiar. Designs that are too novel will be tuned out and
familiar designs will be overlooked. A balanced design can make or
break the success of innovations. This article uses hits and misses
from three high-profile tech categories to illustrate the concept of
MAYA. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CISCO MAKES LARGEST EVER ACQUISITION, BUYING CYBERSECURITY COMPANY
SPLUNK FOR $28 BILLION IN CASH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/21/cisco-acquiring-splunk-for-157-a-share-in-cash.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Splunk's technology helps businesses monitor and analyze data to
minimize the risks of hacks and resolve technical issues faster. 

HOW DO DATABASES EXECUTE EXPRESSIONS? (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.eatonphil.com/2023-09-21-how-do-databases-execute-expressions.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Most databases use a tree-walking interpreter, a few use stack or
register-based virtual machines, a couple use just-in-time compilers,
and some do vectorized interpretation. 

APPLE‚ÄôS FAILURE TO DEVELOP ITS OWN MODEM DETAILED IN NEW REPORT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/21/23883565/apple-5g-modem-failure-inside-story?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple recently extended its deal with Qualcomm for modems due to
issues resulting from underestimating the complexity and technical
challenges of developing its own. 

IS ENCRYPTION AT REST A SCAM? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://evervault.com/blog/is-encryption-at-rest-a-scam?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Encryption at rest is a scam when it comes to database security. 

SHERIF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/QuiiBz/sherif?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sherif is an opinionated, zero-config linter for JavaScript monorepos
that enforces rules to provide a better standardized developer
experience 

WHY OPEN SOURCE AI WILL WIN (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://varunshenoy.substack.com/p/why-open-source-ai-will-win?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Open source AI will give companies more control over their products,
but it will take some years before it catches up to proprietary
technology. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=eff36280-5922-11ee-992a-9184a61672da&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695376843&t=1695379470&s=02d79583ef8eef42393705e93cf0769014ab9323ae4164a71009ca0371030fbc].