# Articles TLDR 12-06-2023

Apple is working on a more affordable version of the Vision Pro¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=018d191a-08e1-11ee-a5f4-23df2b274b1d&pt=campaign&t=1686568401&s=980f07a3813e2a9da26c31473ffcb4ab1c7e8c033dff65924b4647940e63ab2c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-06-12

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR CYBERSECURITY 

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Cybersecurity
newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over 200,000
subscribers pre-launch, it's a fun way to earn some side income and
build a personal brand within the security community.
The ideal candidate would work in cybersecurity and enjoy keeping up
with news, tools, and trends in the security ecosystem, and spend time
reading Reddit, Twitter, Hacker News, and other news sources for
security professionals.

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday),
to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE STILL AIMING TO RELEASE A MORE AFFORDABLE VERSION OF VISION PRO
BY THE END OF 2025 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/06/11/apple-more-affordable-version-of-vision-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is working on a more affordable version of the Vision Pro and
aims to release it by the end of 2025. The lower-cost version will
probably use lower-quality screens, a lower-spec processor, a smaller
array of cameras and sensors, and a simpler headband design. It will
likely still have the external EyeSight external screen and the same
eye- and hand-tracking system. Apple is also working on a new version
of the Vision Pro with a faster processor for even better performance.


GM FOLLOWS FORD IN ADOPTING TESLAS EV CHARGING STANDARD (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/8/23754470/gm-tesla-ev-supercharger-nacs-elon-musk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


General Motors CEO Mary Barra announced on Thursday that the automaker
will adopt Tesla's electric vehicle charging standard early next
Spring. This will make thousands of Tesla Superchargers available to
owners of GM electric vehicles. The first GM-produced electric vehicle
to feature a Tesla charging port will arrive in 2025. GM temporarily
suspended advertising on Twitter in October 2022 after Elon Musk's
acquisition, but it posted a tweet to promote the announcement. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FIRST MISSION TO ‚ÄòTOUCH‚Äô THE SUN CATCHES THE SOLAR WIND (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/06/07/world/parker-solar-probe-solar-wind-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Parker Solar Probe has discovered the source of solar wind. Solar
wind is a continuous outflow of plasma from the Sun's outer atmosphere
toward Earth. As magnetic fields pass each other on the Sun's surface,
they break and reconnect, sending charged particles flying out of the
Sun. The probe detected highly energetic particles traveling 10 to 100
times faster than the solar wind, leading researchers to believe that
fast solar wind is created by the reconnection of magnetic fields.
Understanding the source of solar winds can help scientists better
predict solar storms, which can impact satellites and electrical
grids. 

ROBOT CAN RIP THE DATA OUT OF RAM CHIPS WITH CHILLING TECHNOLOGY (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/06/09/cold_boot_ram_theft/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A cold boot attack is a way of extracting data, including encryption
keys, from cooled memory chips. It involves literally freezing memory
chips so that the data persists on them for several minutes even when
powered down. The attack was first demonstrated back in 2008. Cold
boot attacks can be countered with physical memory encryption. Red
Balloon Security has developed a device that improves and automates
the attack for around $2,000. Details about how the device and attack
works are available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CREATE NEXT STACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/akd-io/create-next-stack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Create Next Stack is a website and command-line tool for setting up
boilerplate for new Next.js apps. It lets developers pick and choose
an array of technologies and makes them all work together. Create Next
Stack supports React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, CSS Modules, ESLint,
Prettier, GitHub Actions, and more. 

GUARDRAILS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ShreyaR/guardrails?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Guardrails is a Python package for specifying structure and type and
validating and correcting the outputs of large language models. It
does pydantic-style validation of LLM outputs, takes corrective
actions, and enforces structure and type guarantees. Developers
specify LLM output using a file format and a lightweight wrapper
implements the spec. 

‚úâÔ∏è EMAIL, üìÖ CALENDAR, AND üßë‚Äçü§ù‚Äçüßë CONTACTS ‚Äî> IN
YOUR APP. BUILD FOR FREE WITH NYLAS (SPONSOR)
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-devslot&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU]


Over 200,000 developers use simple APIs by Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-devslot&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU]
to seamlessly integrate emails, calendars, and contacts
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-devslot&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU].
Nylas lets you sync data and automate tasks based on your users‚Äô
inboxes, calendars, and address books. It supports for every provider
you can think of (Apple, Google, MSFT). It‚Äôs maintenance-free. And
yes, there‚Äôs a free-forever tier
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-devslot&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU].

üëã For support with your build, connect with a technical expert
[https://www.nylas.com/company/contact-platform-specialist/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-devslot&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-Demo].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE VISION PROS BIGGEST ADVANTAGE ISN'T APPLE'S HARDWARE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/10/23755285/apple-vision-pro-developers-key-apps?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's developer ecosystem is a strong advantage. Developers can
easily plug their existing apps into visionOS using familiar tools and
frameworks. Other headsets so far have mostly relied on apps made in
Unity or OpenXR, and key app offerings are limited. The Meta Quest
Store has only released about 400 games and apps since opening several
years ago. Apple is promising hundreds of thousands of apps on day
one. 

MAJOR REDDIT COMMUNITIES WILL GO DARK TO PROTEST THREAT TO THIRD-PARTY
APPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23749188/reddit-subreddit-private-protest-api-changes-apollo-charges?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some of Reddit's biggest communities are planning to set themselves
private on June 12. These communities will be inaccessible for
48-hours or more to protest the site's new pricing for third-party app
developers to access its APIs. Many third-party app developers have
said that they will no longer be able to operate under the new
pricing. One of Reddit's employees has argued that the new pricing
would be affordable if the apps were more efficient with the API calls
they make. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

‚úãDON‚ÄôT BUILD A CSV IMPORTER (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230612] 

OneSchema is a ready-made CSV importer for developers ‚Äî which
automatically corrects customer data. (Also: edge case handling,
simple UI, bulk editing). Launching CSV import has never been easier
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=62240424]


THE ASYMMETRY OF OPEN SOURCE (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt.life/writing/the-asymmetry-of-open-source?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some people work on open source as a hobby while others work on
projects as a job - those who work serendipitously on open source
don't have the same pressures to survive as reliant developers. 

TWITTER HAS REPORTEDLY REFUSED TO PAY ITS GOOGLE CLOUD CONTRACT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/twitter-has-reportedly-refused-to-pay-its-google-cloud-contract-161936042.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter is reportedly rushing to move its services off Google's
infrastructure, but the effort is running behind schedule and some
tools are in danger of going offline. 

LEAKED TESLA REPORT SHOWS CYBERTRUCK HAD BASIC DESIGN FLAWS (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/06/leaked-tesla-report-shows-cybertruck-had-basic-design-flaws/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla's Cybertruck struggled with problems with suspension, body
sealing, noise levels, handling, and braking, according to a report
dated January 25, 2022. 

OPENOBSERVE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openobserve/openobserve?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenObserve is a cloud-native observability platform built for logs,
metrics, traces, and analytics at a petabyte scale. 

SILICON VALLEY ESCALATES THE BATTLE OVER RETURNING TO THE OFFICE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/06/10/tech/silicon-valley-return-to-office-tensions/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google, Amazon, Meta, Salesforce, and other tech companies are trying
different ways to compel workers back to the office three years after
the industry embraced remote work. 

EXPLORING DEEPMIND'S ALPHADEV BREAKTHROUGH IN OPTIMIZING SORTING
ALGORITHMS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://codeconfessions.substack.com/p/exploring-deepminds-alphadev-breakthrough?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores the improved sorting algorithms discovered by
AlphaDev from the paper published by DeepMind last week. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=018d191a-08e1-11ee-a5f4-23df2b274b1d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686564018&t=1686568401&s=bd28b2130147daeaa9ca83a87dd7a84e7729ca4cb159584f214e49ed545ebff7].