# Articles TLDR 24-10-2023

Nvidia has reportedly started designing Arm-based CPUs for Windows
PCs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=bafb20ec-7248-11ee-81c1-198c05917366&pt=campaign&t=1698144242&s=71f0355d2130c22a95d966b68472711955874528b084f559589adb0c5758c15c]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-24

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 NVIDIA TO MAKE ARM-BASED PC CHIPS IN MAJOR NEW CHALLENGE TO INTEL (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/nvidia-make-arm-based-pc-chips-major-new-challenge-intel-2023-10-23/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Nvidia has reportedly started designing Arm-based CPUs for Windows
PCs. The chips could be available as soon as 2025. Microsoft has been
encouraging chipmakers to build advanced AI features into CPUs as the
company believes that AI-enhanced software will become an increasingly
important part of using Windows. The project will be challenging and
there is no guarantee that Nvidia will be successful. 

 APPLE EXPECTED TO ANNOUNCE NEW IMAC NEXT WEEK WITH FASTER PROCESSOR
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/23/apple-to-announce-new-imac-october-halloween/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple may be planning a new iMac launch event for the end of this
month. The most likely Mac to be announced at the event is a new
24-inch iMac. The current iMac has not been updated for more than 900
days and it is still using the M1 chip. The new iMac might feature the
not-yet-announced M3 chip, which will likely be fabricated using
TSMC's 3 nm process for significant performance and power efficiency
improvements compared to 5 nm-based chips like the M2. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 ONE MONTH AFTER EXPERIMENTAL PIG HEART TRANSPLANT, DOCTORS SAY THEY
SEE NO SIGNS OF REJECTION OR INFECTION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/20/health/pig-heart-transplant-maryland-update/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The patient who received a pig heart in an experimental heart
transplant last month appears to have excellent heart function with no
signs of infection or rejection. The pig heart had been genetically
modified to make it more compatible with humans. Doctors have
withdrawn all drugs that were initially supporting the heart, so it is
performing well on its own. The patient was the second ever to undergo
the treatment - the first patient died from a complex array of factors
two months following their transplant. 

 MEET NIGHTSHADE, THE NEW TOOL ALLOWING ARTISTS TO ‚ÄòPOISON‚Äô AI
MODELS WITH CORRUPTED TRAINING DATA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/meet-nightshade-the-new-tool-allowing-artists-to-poison-ai-models-with-corrupted-training-data/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A new tool called Nightshade alters pixels in images in a way that's
invisible to the human eye but poisons the art for any AI models that
are trained on it. It causes AI models to learn the wrong names of the
objects and scenery they are looking at. The technique is difficult to
defend against as it forces AI model developers to remove poisoned
images, which by design are difficult to detect. AI models trained on
poisoned images will likely need to be retrained. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 FETCH THE FLAG CTF HOSTED BY SNYK AND JOHN HAMMOND | OCTOBER 27-28
(SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/events/ctf/?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=ctf]


 Test your security skills in Fetch the Flag CTF! Compete solo or with
a team of up to 5 players to solve 30 hacking challenges and compete
for a chance to win a Nintendo Switch. Open to all skill levels. Sign
up to join Snyk on Oct 27 at 9am ET.
[https://snyk.io/events/ctf/?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=ctf]


 PYPIPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bugen/pypipe?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 pypipe is a Python command-line tool for pipeline processing. It is a
single Python file that uses only the standard library. pypipe can be
used to create custom commands, generate code, and much more. 

 REACT-MAGIC-MOTION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/etesam913/react-magic-motion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 react-magic-motion is a React library for animating components. It
allows developers to easily implement animations by simply wrapping
their code. A short demo video is available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GOOGLE CHROME'S NEW "IP PROTECTION" WILL HIDE USERS' IP ADDRESSES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/google/google-chromes-new-ip-protection-will-hide-users-ip-addresses/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google's IP Protection feature routes third-party traffic from
specific domains through proxies to hide users' IP addresses from
those domains. The feature aims to safeguard users from cross-site
tracking. It will initially be an opt-in feature. IP Protection is
being rolled out in stages to accommodate regional considerations. It
will be tested between Chrome 119 and Chrome 225. 

 PARALLEL BETS, MICROSOFT, AND AI STRATEGIES (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.matthewball.vc/all/parallelbets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Microsoft has survived several platform-level changes and come out on
top. This article looks at the bets that the company has made
throughout the last few decades. It covers how the company dealt with
the transition from DOS to a GUI-based OS, the introduction of the
internet and smartphones, and now, the development of generative AI.
Microsoft's parallel betting strategy has led to growth in new
adjacent markets, leaving the company better off. However, its
strategy contained many uncertainties and might not be suitable for
many companies. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WILL CHATGPT‚ÄôS HALLUCINATIONS BE ALLOWED TO RUIN YOUR LIFE? (23
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/will-chatgpts-hallucinations-be-allowed-to-ruin-your-life/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Several people are suing the biggest AI companies for defamation due
to mistakes that their chatbots made, but it may be difficult for them
to establish the basic elements of a defamation claim. 

 I‚ÄôM TOO ADDICTED TO MY IPHONE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kevquirk.com/im-too-addicted-to-my-iphone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 You can lessen screen time by removing time-wasting apps and making
non-essential apps accessible only through search. 

 EMBEDDINGS: WHAT THEY ARE AND WHY THEY MATTER (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Oct/23/embeddings/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Embeddings turn content into arrays of floating point numbers that
are the same length no matter how long the content is, allowing us to
learn interesting things about that content. 

 CSS TEXT-WRAP: PRETTY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-text-wrap-pretty/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 text-wrap: pretty is a new text wrapping feature introduced in Chrome
117 which ensures that words are not left alone at the end of a text
block. 

 THE POSTER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO THE INTERNET OF THE FUTURE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/23/23928550/posse-posting-activitypub-standard-twitter-tumblr-mastodon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The introduction of new types of social media platforms like Mastodon
and Bluesky means that the best strategy for creators may be to
publish on their own sites and then syndicate the content everywhere
else. 

 YOU CAN NOW GET SOLAR POWER WITH A NETFLIX-STYLE SUBSCRIPTION (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/you-can-now-get-solar-power-with-a-netflix-style-subscription/ar-AA1hYsB3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Hundreds of small solar farms that sell clean, local electricity
directly to customers are popping up. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=bafb20ec-7248-11ee-81c1-198c05917366&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698141620&t=1698144242&s=9ce8a6b0660cb5aee9a8e6767dc3cde3fb9e015b850e5931356326e6ef5b8e11].


¬†