# Articles TLDR 03-02-2023

Mark Zuckerberg said he wants to make 2023 the year of efficiency
during Metas fourth-quarter earnings call with investors.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9dcc9686-a395-11ed-83f9-53161efbb902&pt=campaign&t=1675426102&s=7950db17db4b9532966e3c5eaa165eb0c4769cb54be64436291cbf8bd2768067]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/events/tech-talk-building-scaling-ledger?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-03]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-03

BUILDING AND SCALING A LEDGER DATABASE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/events/tech-talk-building-scaling-ledger?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-03]


If you‚Äôre building a fintech product, you‚Äôre building a ledger
database. In this tech talk, Modern Treasury discuss best practices
for ledger design
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/events/tech-talk-building-scaling-ledger?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-03]
with Tom Taubkin, current CEO at Boosted Technologies and former
engineer at Coinbase:

	*
Where ledgers fall in the broader architecture of a fintech
application

	*
The major challenges in building a financial ledger
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/events/tech-talk-building-scaling-ledger?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-03]
and how to address them

	*
Red flags to avoid, and advice on how to scale internal ledger
databases

Watch the Modern Treasury tech talk now
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/events/tech-talk-building-scaling-ledger?utm_source=tldr?utm_medium=email?utm_campaign=tldr-2023-02-03]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MARK ZUCKERBERG SAYS META IS MAKING THIS THE ‚ÄòYEAR OF EFFICIENCY‚Äô
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/1/23581938/mark-zuckerberg-meta-earnings-q4-efficiency-cutting-managers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mark Zuckerberg said he wants to make 2023 the 'year of efficiency'
during Meta's fourth-quarter earnings call with investors. This will
mean a flattening of Meta's organizational structure and removing some
layers of middle management. Meta will be more proactive about cutting
underperforming or non-critical projects. Its stock price went up
nearly 20 percent after the earnings call. 

TESLA CYBERTRUCK BETA PROTOTYPE SPOTTED AHEAD OF PRODUCTION START (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/02/02/tesla-cybertruck-beta-prototype-spotted/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A Tesla Cybertruck has been spotted in Palo Alto, California. The
Cybertruck is due to start production in a few months. Tesla plans to
ramp up volume production of the vehicle in 2024. The company recently
built a fleet of Cybertruck Beta prototypes. A picture of the
Cybertruck spotted in Palo Alto is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ENTER THE HUNTER SATELLITES PREPARING FOR SPACE WAR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/XxrBP?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

True Anomaly is a startup that was created to solve orbital warfare
problems for the US Space Force. It is preparing to launch two orbital
pursuit satellites to low earth orbit capable of maneuvering close to
other satellites and surveilling them. The satellites will have
sensors that can reveal surveillance and weapons systems and intercept
communications. The mission will involve the two satellites spying on
each other. There is no indication that True Anomaly is developing its
own offensive weapons. 

WATER IS WEIRD. A NEW TYPE OF ICE COULD HELP US UNDERSTAND WHY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencenews.org/article/water-ice-amorphous-physics-chemistry?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists have discovered a new type of amorphous ice. Amorphous ice
is ice with water molecules that aren't arranged in a neat pattern.
The new ice was created by mashing up normal ice using a technique
called ball milling. It could be a glass state of water. Glasses are
made by cooling liquids quickly enough so that the molecules are
unable to arrange into crystal structures. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

RTX (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jdxcode/rtx?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

rtx is a tool for managing programming language and tool versions. It
can automatically switch shells to the correct versions for each
project on a machine. rtx modifies PATH ahead of time so the runtimes
are called directly. 

I‚ÄôM NOW A FULL-TIME PROFESSIONAL OPEN SOURCE MAINTAINER (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://words.filippo.io/full-time-maintainer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Despite being critical for the functioning of the Internet, virtually
all open source maintainers are either volunteers or full-time
employees of large companies. This article tells the story of how an
ex-Google developer left their role to explore sustainable paths for
open-source maintainers. It is possible to be a professional
maintainer earning rates competitive with the adjacent market for
senior software engineers. The developer ended up with six clients
that pay them the money equivalent of the total compensation package
they received from Google. 

PENPOT IS BRINGING DESIGNERS AND DEVELOPERS CLOSER TOGETHER (SPONSOR)
[https://penpot.app/?mtm_campaign=penpotlaunch&mtm_kwd=paid&mtm_source=newsTLDR]


Penpot is the first open-source design and prototyping tool that
allows full collaboration between designers and developers, thanks to
features like Flex Layout and Code Inspect. It‚Äôs the only one that
can be web based or self-hosted. Furthermore, the tool works with open
web standards (SVG) avoiding vendor lock-in and giving teams absolute
freedom in their designs.¬†¬†
Penpot is free, check it out now
[https://penpot.app/?mtm_campaign=penpotlaunch&mtm_kwd=paid&mtm_source=newsTLDR]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI LOOKS LIKE A BUBBLE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/napkin-math/ai-looks-like-a-bubble?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Current stock price swings indicate the presence of an AI bubble. AI
is likely the most exciting paradigm since the personal computer.
While it promises new opportunities, its returns are unlikely to be
distributed equally. Some companies are capitalizing on the bubble by
labeling themselves as AI companies, but not all of them will last in
the long run. 

SIGNS THAT A STARTUP IS GOING BAD (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.swyx.io/startups-going-bad?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The tech industry is experiencing a recession. People love to talk
positively about startups on the way up. This article discusses how to
assess a startup and tell when it is going bad. It looks at both
externally observable indicators for people who are looking to join a
startup and internally observable indicators for employees thinking
about leaving a startup. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

IN-HOUSE QA CAN TAKE YEARS TO SCALE. QA WOLF TAKES WEEKS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Startup02032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


QA Wolf will write, run, and maintain your END-TO-END test suite ‚Äî
with 80% end-to-end coverage guaranteed within 4 months. Start with a
risk-free pilot
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Startup02032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


GITMOJI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/carloscuesta/gitmoji?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Gitmoji is an initiative to standardize and explain the use of emojis
on GitHub commit messages for easier identification of the purpose of
a commit. 

TWITTER WILL START CHARGING DEVELOPERS FOR API ACCESS AS ELON MUSK
SEEKS TO IMPROVE MONETIZATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/02/twitter-to-start-charging-developers-for-api-access.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter will no longer support free access to its API from February 9.


FLEXBOARD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dorbus/flexboard?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Flexboard is a React component library for re-sizable sidebars. 

TIM COOK ON THE POSSIBILITY OF APPLE LAYOFFS: ‚ÄòA LAST RESORT KIND OF
THING‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/02/apple-layoffs-tim-cook/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is managing costs very tightly due to broader economic
conditions but it will avoid laying off employees. 

DB WEBHOOKS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/portola-labs/db-webhooks?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


DB Webhooks is a utility for Postgres that triggers webhooks when rows
are inserted, updated, or deleted. 

BACK AT GOOGLE AGAIN, COFOUNDER SERGEY BRIN JUST FILED HIS FIRST CODE
REQUEST IN YEARS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/richardnieva/2023/01/31/sergey-brin-code-request-lamda/?sh=4bdc43ca7ce6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The code request was related to LaMDA, Google's natural language
chatbot. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

VIZ.AI - SOLUTIONS ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $113000 - $153000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/solutions-engineer/261] 

Viz.ai is hiring a Solutions Engineer to build, manage, and improve
critical infrastructure and components for a company that uses AI
algorithms and machine learning to increase the speed of diagnosis and
care in more than 1,200 hospitals and health systems in the US and
Europe. 

SAAS.GROUP - SENIOR DEVELOPER PHP - LARAVEL & LIVEWIRE (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-developer-php---laravel-%26-livewire-(m%2Fw%2Fd)/263]


saas.group is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Senior Developer to
support the creation of concepts, architectures, and ongoing
development of products for a company that optimizes websites and
online shops for long-term online success. 

FUTUREX - FIRMWARE ENGINEER (BULVERDE, TEXAS)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/firmware-engineer/262] 

Futurex is hiring a Firmware Engineer to develop innovative,
software-based solutions for a globally recognized provider of
hardened, enterprise-class data security solutions. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9dcc9686-a395-11ed-83f9-53161efbb902&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675422040&t=1675426102&s=c9879eede9133bb54fcf4908f7f5328aca9fe28682c4833660cd0a8e921915c4].


¬†