# Articles TLDR 13-05-2024

OpenAI is reportedly working on a technology that rolls audio, text,
and image recognition into one product. It will be holding a
livestream at 10 am  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Incogni] [4]

TLDR 2024-05-13

 NEW TLDR NEWSLETTER IN YOUR INBOX IS GREAT, BUT WHAT ABOUT THOSE
SPAMMERS FILLING IT UP WITH JUNK? (SPONSOR) [4] 

 Spam doesn't end with emails—it's also pushed to the limit with
robocalls, targeted ads, and your data exposed to anyone with a couple
of bucks to spare.

In a digital world, protecting your privacy is crucial, and now you
can do it with _INCOGNI_ [4]. It's a personal data removal tool [4]
that deletes your information from over 180 data brokers [4] and
people search sites, where anyone can find your or your relatives'
information.

Ensure your information's security, prevent ID theft, eliminate spam &
robocalls, and more.

_GET A -55% DISCOUNT ON THE ANNUAL PLAN WITH CODE TLDR55_ [4]_._

With a 30-day money-back guarantee, say farewell to those pesky
spammers without worry!

📱 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 WHAT WILL OPENAI ANNOUNCE MONDAY? QUITE POSSIBLY AN AI VOICE
ASSISTANT (4 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 OpenAI's big announcement today may be a voice assistant. The company
is reportedly working on a technology that rolls audio, text, and
image recognition into one product. OpenAI will be holding a
livestream at 10 am PT to announce the product. Google is expected to
announce updates to Gemini at its developer conference tomorrow. 

 APPLE, NETFLIX, AND AMAZON WANT TO CHANGE HOW THEY PAY HOLLYWOOD
STARS (12 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Apple will soon begin basing pay on how a series or movie performs.
Talent would receive bonuses on a points system, with the size of the
bonuses being based on the number of people who signed up for Apple
TV+ to watch, how much time they spent viewing, and the cost of the
program relative to the size of its audience. Netflix and Amazon have
also spent months developing plans for performance-based compensation,
but neither have gone public yet with their models. Streaming services
are becoming increasingly more transparent - the practice will make it
easier to tie pay to performance. 

🚀 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 COMMERCIAL SPACE STATIONS APPROACH LAUNCH PHASE (3 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 A number of private-sector companies are aiming to harbor commercial
activities in low Earth orbit (LEO) as the International Space Station
approaches its end of service. This article discusses the various
projects, with a focus on Blue Origin's Orbital Reef program, which
recently aced testing milestones for its critical life support system
with assistance from NASA. Orbital Reef plans to build a space habitat
with NASA as a main client starting out, with a wider goal of
fostering a sustainable commercial presence in LEO. The initiative is
backed by NASA's Commercial LEO Destinations program, which is
providing funding to encourage the private sector to build space
habitats. 

 'TUNGSTEN WALL' LEADS TO NUCLEAR FUSION BREAKTHROUGH (4 MINUTE READ)
[8] 

 Encasing fusion plasma inside tungsten allowed a tokamak in France to
set a new record by sustaining plasma at about 50 million degrees
Celsius for six minutes. Tungsten has an extraordinarily high melting
point. Using a tungsten-wall environment is for more challenging than
using carbon, but the material allows physicists to sustain hot
plasmas for longer and at higher energies and densities. While
research into nuclear fusion has been slow, the field has made
significant strides over the last few years. 

💻 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 POPOVER API (6 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 The Popover API allows developers to easily display popover content
on top of other page content. It has a standard, consistent, and
flexible mechanism that creates popover content that can be controlled
declaratively using HTML attributes or via JavaScript. This
documentation covers how to use the Popover API with examples. 

 AVOIDING THE SOFT DELETE ANTI-PATTERN (8 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Programmers hate deleting things, leading people to advocate for soft
deletion, where instead of really deleting a record, you add a field
that marks the record as deleted. This is generally a bad idea and
there are a number of better ways to ensure access to old data. This
article discusses why soft deletion is a problem and discusses several
alternatives that may better meet the needs of developers. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

 AN ODE TO EARLY EMPLOYEES (9 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 Being a founder used to be a fancy way of saying 'unemployed'. The
environment was very different back in the 90s, so those who had the
courage to start something were celebrated once they succeeded.
Founders today are still treated as if in a class of their own, but
things are very different. Virtually any founder can raise millions of
dollars before there's a product or revenue, and creating a prototype
has never been easier. This article discusses how things have changed
and how that has affected both founders and their employees. It also
provides suggestions on how founders can start building trusting
relationships and celebrate those who help enable their companies in
their earliest days. 

 ANALYST ON STARLINK'S RAPID RISE: “NOTHING SHORT OF MIND-BLOWING”
(7 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 SpaceX's Starlink satellite Internet business is now profitable. The
company's first batch of 60 satellites was launched just five years
ago. It will have an estimated free cash flow of about $600 million
this year. The business is now self-sustaining and there's still room
for significant growth. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 ONE-CLICK CSV IMPORT FOR YOUR CUSTOMERS' MESSIEST SPREADSHEETS
(SPONSOR) [13] 

 Product and engineering teams use OneSchema to add CSV import in
minutes. 50+ prebuilt validations, robust SDKs, 30 minutes to embed in
your app. Save months of dev time with OneSchema [13] 

 LESSONS LEARNED REINVENTING THE PYTHON NOTEBOOK (14 MINUTE READ) [14]


 Prefer simplicity, design for extensibility, and stay true to your
project's pillars. 

 IS DARK MATTER'S MAIN RIVAL THEORY DEAD? THERE'S BAD NEWS FROM THE
CASSINI SPACECRAFT AND OTHER RECENT TESTS (6 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Recent data suggests that Mond, as presently formulated, is no longer
a viable alternative to dark matter. 

 SUPERFILE (GITHUB REPO) [16] 

 superfile is a modern terminal file manager. 

 WAYMO SAYS ITS ROBOTAXIS ARE NOW MAKING 50,000 PAID TRIPS EVERY WEEK
(3 MINUTE READ) [17] 

 Waymo has had over one million rider-only trips across four cities. 

 HOW TO PRICE A DATA ASSET (30 MINUTE READ) [18] 

 The value of data comes from the value of what can be done with it -
every discussion of price has to begin with understanding how the data
will be used and by whom. 

 GPUS GO BRRR (26 MINUTE READ) [19] 

 This post looks at what a team at Stanford learned by making GPUs run
more efficiently and how what they learned has changed the way they
think about AI compute. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [20]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni & Stephen Flanders 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR,
please unsubscribe [21]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b71ce2c8-1101-11ef-bddb-c9c810bd4321&pt=campaign&t=1715596765&s=9d2fc062abc62b7b80a02c02f21f84f96f0a4913424ee9f75e71f04852a97969
[4] https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&url_id=1880&source=April22
[5] https://mashable.com/article/openai-announcement-monday-voice-assistant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[6] https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2024-05-12/apple-netflix-amazon-want-to-change-how-they-pay-hollywood-stars?srnd=technology-vp&utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[7] https://spectrum.ieee.org/space-station-orbital-reef?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[8] https://qz.com/new-fusion-record-achieved-tungsten-encased-reactor-1851459488?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[9] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Popover_API?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[10] https://www.cultured.systems/2024/04/24/Soft-delete/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[11] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1788684269902057811.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[12] https://arstechnica.com/space/2024/05/just-5-years-after-its-first-launch-the-starlink-constellation-is-profitable/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[13] https://oneschema.co/?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldr-tech&utm_campaign=20240513
[14] https://marimo.io/blog/lessons-learned?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[15] https://theconversation.com/is-dark-matters-main-rival-theory-dead-theres-bad-news-from-the-cassini-spacecraft-and-other-recent-tests-228826?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[16] https://github.com/MHNightCat/superfile?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[17] https://www.engadget.com/waymo-says-its-robotaxis-are-now-making-50000-paid-trips-every-week-130005096.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[18] https://pivotal.substack.com/p/how-to-price-a-data-asset?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[19] https://hazyresearch.stanford.edu/blog/2024-05-12-tk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter
[20] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[21] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b71ce2c8-1101-11ef-bddb-c9c810bd4321&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1715594661&t=1715596765&s=6c96581618568c35b537029e3366d73fe3c0088831af4317ba2b8b54732b5a69