# Articles TLDR 28-06-2023

OpenAIs plans to market a personalized assistant for work would put it
in competition with Microsoft.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3023e9ee-1583-11ee-b87c-4b59353b2972&pt=campaign&t=1687949159&s=ab708dff6e3b5e20e1363a28bd5815968a2c42874351affae3bb6d91371bc265]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-06-28

ü§î WHAT IF YOU COULD AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

It‚Äôs 2023. Your engineering team needs to do more with less. But you
also need to have a secure and compliant platform to win customer
trust (and enterprise deals). What‚Äôs the solution?
Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
is the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA
compliance ( + other frameworks). It connects to all your dozens of
SaaS apps, automatically collects evidence 24/7
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none],
and gives you insights and reports to track progress.

Find out why Drata is used by thousands of companies and rated 4.9 by
461 reviewers on G2. TLDR readers get 10% off and waived
implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

WOULD AN OPENAI WORK ASSISTANT PUT THE COMPANY IN CONFLICT WITH
MICROSOFT? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90915483/openai-workplace-assistant-microsoft-copilot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI's plans to market a personalized assistant for work would put
it in competition with Microsoft. Microsoft owns an estimated 49% of
OpenAI. It is likely that the issue of OpenAI releasing a work
assistant was discussed prior to Microsoft's $10 billion investment
into OpenAI in January. There is no doubt that OpenAI was planning to
enter the enterprise market as it is quite lucrative. 

MICROSOFT WANTS TO MOVE WINDOWS FULLY TO THE CLOUD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/27/23775117/microsoft-windows-11-cloud-consumer-strategy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An internal Microsoft presentation, revealed as part of the ongoing
FTC v. Microsoft hearing, discusses a full Windows operating system
streamed from the cloud to any device. Windows 365, a service that
streams Windows to devices, has so far been limited to commercial
customers. Microsoft has been working on bringing the service to
Windows 11. Moving Windows to the cloud would enable improved
AI-powered services and allow people to roam freely with their
devices. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX MAKING MORE THAN 1,000 CHANGES TO NEXT STARSHIP ROCKET (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/06/spacex-making-more-than-1000-changes-to-next-starship-rocket/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX's plans for upgrading its Starship megarocket include changing
how the rocket's two stages separate, propulsion system improvements,
and a beefed-up launch pad. Elon Musk estimates that there is a 60
percent chance that the next Starship test flight will make it to
orbit. It may be some time before SpaceX obtains clearance for its
next test flight. This article details the changes that SpaceX will
make to Starship. 

THE ONE-SHOT DRUG THAT KEEPS ON DOSING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/06/the-one-shot-drug-that-keeps-on-dosing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists from Rice University have engineered drug-delivering
microparticles that release their contents in timed delays that can
span days or even weeks. The injections contain hundreds of tiny
microplastic particles that each encapsulate a small dose of a drug.
The microplastic particles are made of a polymer that breaks down
safely in human bodies. Timing and dosage can be controlled by
adjusting the molecular weight of the polymer used for each capsule. A
long-active delivery strategy like this will help many people with
chronic issues who are unable to follow their prescribed treatments. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

LLM POWERED AUTONOMOUS AGENTS (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://lilianweng.github.io/posts/2023-06-23-agent/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Large language models are powerful general problem solvers. There are
now several proof-of-concept demos of LLM-powered agents that can
solve problems by themselves. This article looks at how LLM-powered
autonomous agent systems work. It covers their general structures, how
they complete tasks, different types of memory, and more. Several case
studies of real autonomous agents are presented and discussed in the
article. 

ADVANCED MACOS COMMAND-LINE TOOLS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://saurabhs.org/advanced-macos-commands?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

macOS has a huge arsenal of standard Unix tools. It also has several
macOS-specific command-line utilities. This article presents a list of
advanced macOS command-line tools and shows readers how to use them. 

üî® TECH BLOG: BUILDING ONLINE MARKETPLACES AT SCALE (SPONSOR)
[https://bit.ly/43rlR86]

The Adevinta tech blog [https://bit.ly/43rlR86] is packed with
engineer-written articles about scaling components, designing
architecture, and implementing machine learning products.
Recent articles covered topics such as distributing workloads in
Kubernetes clusters [https://bit.ly/43rlR86], converting documents
into rasterized PDFs, and investigating a DNS issue. Read the latest
articles on Medium [https://bit.ly/43rlR86]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE EXECS ADMIT USERS ARE 'NOT QUITE HAPPY' WITH SEARCH EXPERIENCE
AFTER REDDIT BLACKOUTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/26/google-execs-hope-new-search-feature-will-help-amid-reddit-blackouts.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Many people append 'Reddit' to their search queries when trying to
find helpful resources on specific topics. The tactic lost its
effectiveness during the Reddit protest earlier this month as many
pages were suddenly inaccessible or unhelpful. Google unveiled a new
feature called Perspectives on Monday that will at least partially
resolve the issue. Perspectives surfaces discussion forums and videos
from social media platforms. The Perspectives tab is available now on
mobile web and the Google app in the US. 

THE BILLION-DOLLAR SEARCH FOR IMMORTALITY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://unherd.com/2023/06/the-billion-dollar-search-for-immortality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Altos Labs, one of the best-financed startups in history, is on a
mission to increase healthspan. It aims to find medicines to treat
many diseases at once by targeting aging. This article takes readers
on a tour of Altos' UK hub. While some argue that the quest for
longevity benefits all humanity, there is no evidence that the
benefits will trickle down to the non-billionaires. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

METACULUS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.metaculus.com/ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A curated set of key AI forecasts - it is predicted that humans will
achieve Artificial General Intelligence by May 11, 2032. 

VISION PRO SAFE AREA LIMITED TO 10X10 FEET FOR VR EXPERIENCES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/06/27/vision-pro-safe-area/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The limit may prove to be too restrictive for games and some
commercial and industrial uses. 

THERE'S STILL NO SILVER BULLET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://changelog.com/posts/still-no-silver-bullet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Developers need to choose the right tools for the job instead of
trying to use the same tool for every job. 

SILICON VALLEY ELITES ARE REPORTEDLY TAKING KETAMINE AND ATTENDING
PSYCHEDELIC PARTIES TO BOLSTER THEIR FOCUS AND CREATIVITY. HERE'S WHAT
THE DRUGS DO TO YOUR BRAIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://fortune.com/well/2023/06/27/silicon-valley-elites-ketamine-psychedelics-effects-on-brain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Ketamine may be able to treat nonpsychotic treatment-resistant
depression at least as well as electroconvulsive therapy. 

CANADA IS BANKING ON A DIGITAL NOMAD STRATEGY TO WIN THE RACE FOR TECH
TALENT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://globalnews.ca/news/9796001/digital-nomad-canada-immigration/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Canada is developing a dedicated pathway to permanent residency for
workers in the STEM sector employed by foreign companies. 

THE DEEP SEA (WEBSITE)
[https://neal.fun/deep-sea/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scroll down to the deepest point of the ocean and discover the
different forms of life at every depth. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3023e9ee-1583-11ee-b87c-4b59353b2972&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687946419&t=1687949159&s=6be4a29b9185de61d075f4eeda531b78e205cbdd6ec316a9f808780aa448dc95].