# Articles TLDR 14-02-2023

Apples hardware subscription will likely be a true rental and not an
installment purchase scheme.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=55f3855a-ac31-11ed-a40a-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&t=1676376524&s=5e13361473a0381bd4266e36d68982c5647587f5a21e734704640aefe3b20232]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [1inch] [https://1inch.network/TLDR] 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-14

FAST, VERSATILE, AND NON-CUSTODIAL ‚Äî 1INCH IS THE DEFI WALLET
YOU‚ÄôVE BEEN LOOKING FOR (SPONSOR) [https://1inch.network/TLDR] 

Need an easy-to-use crypto wallet with top-level security and a
sophisticated feature set?
1inch is fast, secure, and versatile. Whatever operations with crypto
assets you would like to perform on your mobile device, 1inch offers
you the most convenient way for that.

No crazy transaction fees. No shady middlemen. Flexible and fast
transactions. Get the 1inch Wallet for free
[https://1inch.network/TLDR]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

AMAZON‚ÄôS SELF-DRIVING CAR SHUTTLES PEOPLE ON PUBLIC ROADS FOR THE
FIRST TIME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/jfNs9?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Amazon's Zoox Inc. carried passengers in its fully autonomous vehicle
on public roads for the first time last week. The electric vehicle
traveled a mile-long route between two of Zoox's main buildings in
Foster City, California. The firm will now operate a shuttle for
employees on the same route. It is working to expand its services to
the public. Zoox's driverless testing permit, held since September
2020, was extended by California to include the purpose-built
robotaxi. Zoox‚Äôs robotaxi has no traditional controls or pedals and
can carry four passengers split across two inward-facing rows of
seats. 

APPLE HARDWARE SUBSCRIPTION WOULD BE A BIG STEP ‚Äì RAISING BIG
QUESTIONS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/13/apple-hardware-subscription/#more-864153?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's hardware subscription will likely be a true rental and not an
installment purchase scheme. It will probably be bundled with more
services and extend to Apple hardware such as the iPad, Mac, and
Watch. The hardware subscription might replace the iPhone Upgrade
Program. It will give customers flexibility with their devices. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BLUE ORIGIN MAKES A BIG LUNAR ANNOUNCEMENT WITHOUT ANY FANFARE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/blue-origin-makes-a-big-lunar-announcement-without-any-fanfare/?uuid=JUzM2vRCCytYNO7g2752?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blue Origin's 'Blue Alchemist' program has created solar cells and
electricity transmission wires from simulated lunar soil. Simulated
lunar soil is a material that is chemically and mineralogically
equivalent to lunar regolith. The solar cells and wires were created
using an engineering process called 'Molten Regolith Electrolysis', a
technique that can also be used to produce metals for construction,
oxygen, and other resources. Blue Origin hopes to market the
technology to NASA for use in the Artemis program. 

SWALLOWING THIS PILL-SHAPED SENSOR COULD HELP YOU AVOID INVASIVE
PROCEDURES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/13/swallowing-this-pill-shaped-sensor-could-help-you-avoid-invasive-procedures/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A team from Caltech and MIT have developed a new pill-shaped
ingestible module containing sensors. The module‚Äôs progression
through the GI tract can be monitored using electromagnetic fields
generated from an external coil. It has been tested in large non-human
animals where the accuracy of the system was within 5 to 10
millimeters. Potential applications of the technology include the
early identification of constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease,
and gastroparesis. The system can be used at home without needing to
go to a doctor or hospital. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

WRITING AN ENGINEERING STRATEGY (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/eng-strategies/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article discusses what engineering strategies are, what they
should accomplish, and how an engineering executive can guide that
strategy's creation. It covers example engineering strategies, how and
when to write an engineering strategy, dealing with undocumented
strategies, structuring guiding policies, and more. An engineering
strategy involves a theory describing the nature of a challenge,
approaches to dealing with the challenge, and a set of specific
actions directed by the guiding policy to address the challenge. 

WHISPER AS A SERVICE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/schibsted/WAAS?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Whisper as a Service is a GUI and API for OpenAI Whisper. OpenAI
Whisper is a general-purpose speech recognition model. A screenshot of
the GUI is available in the repository. 

MANAGE YOUR TEAM‚ÄôS NETWORK SIMPLY AND SECURELY WITH TAILSCALE
(SPONSOR)
[https://login.tailscale.com/start?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-2-14&utm_content=brand]


We handle network configurations to navigate firewalls and routers, so
devices connect without manual configuration or port forwarding.
Authenticating is effortless with SSO, and Tailscale enables roaming
so teammates stay connected wherever they go, even if they switch
between Wi-Fi and cell networks.
GET STARTED IN MINUTES, FOR FREE.
[https://login.tailscale.com/start?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-2-14&utm_content=brand]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BIGSCREEN'S FIRST VR HEADSET IS SUPPOSEDLY THE WORLD'S SMALLEST (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/bigscreen-beyond-vr-headset-150039481.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bigscreen, known for its virtual social platform, is entering the VR
headset market with the Beyond. The device weighs just under 6oz and
features two 5K 90Hz OLED displays, six-degrees-of-freedom tracking,
three-element pancake optics, and a 93-degree horizontal field of
view. It is compatible with SteamVR, Vive and Valve's Index
controllers, and full-body trackers. The headset will require at least
a quad-core processor and GeForce RTX 2070 or Radeon RX 5700 XT-class
graphics. The Beyond is now available for pre-order for $999 and will
ship to the US in the third quarter. 

WHY I CHOSE OPENAI OVER ACADEMIA: REFLECTIONS ON THE CS ACADEMIC AND
INDUSTRY JOB MARKETS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://rowanzellers.com/blog/rowan-job-search2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This post talks about Rowan Zellers' decision-making process when he
decided to take a risk and turn down all academic job offers to sign
an offer with OpenAI. The decision was driven by Zellers' passion for
the work at OpenAI and the opportunity to live and work in San
Francisco. The post is the second part of a series about job
searching. The first part, which is linked, talks about the experience
of interviewing for primarily academic jobs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GO BEYOND TRANSCRIPTION WITH DEEPGRAM'S ALL-IN-ONE API FOR SPEECH
UNDERSTANDING (SPONSOR) [https://dpgr.am/254cdef] 

Extract meaning from conversational audio with Deepgram, the only AI
speech platform for true voice intelligence. Use features like
Diarization, Summarization, and Topic Detection to make sense of your
transcripts. Try it free. [https://dpgr.am/254cdef] 

GOOGLE LOWERING SEVERANCE THAT WAS ORIGINALLY PROMISED (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teamblind.com/post/Google-Lowering-Severance-that-was-Originally-Promised-US-atUb2W0D?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


US staff that were laid off a few weeks ago have had their severance
slash by almost half. 

REACT.JS: THE DOCUMENTARY - HOW IT ALL BEGAN (DOCUMENTARY)
[https://cult.honeypot.io/reads/react-js-the-documentary-how-it-all-began/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This documentary talks about how React was created, its early
development, its introduction into the JavaScript community, how
Netflix came to adopt React, and the role that the JavaScript
community played in making React the framework it is today. 

YOU WILL ALWAYS HAVE MORE PROBLEMS THAN ENGINEERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://betterprogramming.pub/you-will-always-have-more-problems-than-engineers-aafff94a4623?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There will always be more problems - a better way to measure progress
is to ignore the problems and look at what has been achieved. 

THIS BIOHACKING COMPANY IS USING A CRYPTO CITY TO TEST CONTROVERSIAL
GENE THERAPIES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/nOwtd?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Minicircle is conducting trials to try to find the keys to longevity
in Pr√≥spera, Honduras. 

AMAZON IS TAKING HALF OF EACH SALE FROM ITS MERCHANTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-taking-half-sale-merchants-150025888.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon‚Äôs average cut of each sale, accounting for commission, fees
for warehouse storage, packing, delivery, and advertising, surpassed
50% in 2022. 

TWILIO TO LAY OFF ABOUT 1,500 EMPLOYEES, OR 17% OF ITS WORKFORCE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/13/twilio-layoffs-1500-employees-17percent-of-workforce.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twilio already laid off around 11% of its workforce as part of a
restructuring plan in September. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

GNO.LAND - GOLANG ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $130,000 - $250,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/golang-engineer/292] 

Gno.land is hiring a Golang Engineer to create and implement features
such as Golang interpreters, libraries, developer tools, and utilities
for a Smart Contracts Platform. 

EMOTECH LTD - SENIOR PRODUCT DESIGNER (UNITED KINGDOM, $40,000 -
$70,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-product-designer/293] 

Emotech LTD is hiring a Senior Product Designer to guide and inspire
teams into finding innovative solutions for an award-winning AI
Startup based in London. 

KAINOS - AGILE TEAM LEAD (BIRMINGHAM, UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/agile-team-lead/294] 

Kainos is hiring an Agile Team Lead to lead deliver high quality
solutions that meet client and user needs for a Digital IT Services
company. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=55f3855a-ac31-11ed-a40a-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676372414&t=1676376524&s=d88a239d2753a026d8271f70bd791a15a110f0694ecd32f5295bbea77aa6058e].


¬†