# Articles TLDR 01-05-2023

Bluesky recently released a number of invites, resulting in the app
trending on Twitter for a whole day.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f3977320-e7f5-11ed-95d4-a56e5080b041&pt=campaign&t=1682938933&s=013d7852d2a1748f0f246c1988e7b9e93bfdf5b90eb7bec621ea0c3b7dc0c3f0]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-05-01

TLDR FOUNDERS NEWSLETTER [https://tldr.tech/founders] 

TLDR is launching our Founders newsletter later today, sign up here
[https://tldr.tech/founders] to receive it in your inbox! The
newsletter is curated by three founders who have all had recent exits,
and will cover interesting tactics, market trends, and cutting edge
tools for entrepreneurs. Sign up today. [https://tldr.tech/founders] 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IS BLUESKY THE ONE? A TWITTER ALTERNATIVE TAKES OFF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/bluesky-takes-off-twitter-alternative?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bluesky, the decentralized social media platform backed by Jack
Dorsey, recently released a number of invites, resulting in the app
trending on Twitter for a whole day. The app only has the most
barebone features. Users can make 300-character posts and post still
images, but they can't DM each other and there's no video or GIF
functionality. It has a chronological feed for posts made by followed
users and a 'What's Hot' feed that shows popular posts on the platform
from all users. Bluesky is currently invite-only. 

ALLEGED IOS 17 WALLET AND HEALTH APP REDESIGNS SHOWN OFF IN MOCKUPS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/28/ios-17-health-wallet-app-mockups/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's Wallet and Health apps are rumored to be getting updates in
iOS 17. Leaked mockups of the apps show some of their new designs and
features. The Wallet app will receive a navigation bar at the bottom.
The Favorites section under Summary in the Health app will see a
redesign with a card-style interface. Other experts have expressed
some doubt over the accuracy of the information in the leak. The
leaked app mockups are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX TO SPEND ABOUT $2 BILLION ON STARSHIP THIS YEAR, AS ELON MUSK
PUSHES TO REACH ORBIT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/29/elon-musk-spacexs-starship-costing-about-2-billion-this-year.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starship development is projected to cost SpaceX around $2 billion
this year. Elon Musk expects the next flight to reach orbit. SpaceX
does not anticipate the need to raise funding for its Starship
venture. It plans to launch its next prototype within a few months.
The aim of the test launches is to gather more information to further
develop the rocket. Starship‚Äôs next flight will prioritize starting
the 33 Raptor engines faster. 

CHATGPT WILL SEE YOU NOW: DOCTORS USING AI TO ANSWER PATIENT QUESTIONS
(8 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/MxjGW?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

UC San Diego Health, UW Health, and Stanford Health Care are testing a
tool that uses OpenAI's GPT to read patient messages and draft
responses from their doctors. The pilot program aims to see if AI can
cut the time medical staff spend responding to patients' online
queries. Early responses required heavy editing. The team is working
to improve replies and to add a kind bedside manner. Preliminary data
suggests that AI could add value as it scored better than real doctors
at responding to patient queries posted online. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

LAMINI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lamini-ai/lamini?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Lamini is an LLM engine for rapidly customizing models. This
repository contains a 71K dataset of instructions for finetuning
instruction-following LLMs, Lamini's data generator, and fine-tuned
LLMs. All data and LLMs are under a license that allows commercial
use. 

PANDAS AI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gventuri/pandas-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Pandas AI is a Python library that integrates generative artificial
intelligence capabilities into Pandas. It allows users to ask
questions about their data and get answers back in the form of Pandas
DataFrames. A browser demo is available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW AI CODING COMPANIONS WILL CHANGE THE WAY DEVELOPERS WORK (14
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2023/04/how-ai-coding-companions-will-change-the-way-developers-work.html?utm_campaign=inbound&utm_source=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Writing code is only one part of a developer's job. Developers have to
also complete many creative tasks that are arguably more important
than writing boilerplate code. Generative AI is already having a
tangible effect on developers' productivity and speed. It can do a lot
of the heavy lifting when building new applications and services.
However, AI is not a replacement for expertise - it's a tool that
allows developers to spend more time solving hard problems. 

BIDDING FOR FIRST REPUBLIC LASTS INTO THE NIGHT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehill.com/business/3911002-what-to-know-about-first-republic-bank/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Potential buyers for the First Republic Bank had until yesterday to
place bids. The FDIC reviewed last-minute offers in an effort to close
a deal for the struggling bank before trading began in Asian and
American markets today. The bank was left with $212 billion in assets
after depositors withdrew funding. It received $30 billion from 11
large banks on Thursday to stabilize its finances and counteract large
withdrawals. The FDIC seeks an orderly sale of assets to avoid a
bailout. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INSIDE 18 DIFFICULT MONTHS AT SALESFORCE (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/c33Ga?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Salesforce's run of success took a turn after its co-CEO resigned and
the company missed internal sales goals. 

AMAZON IS DEVELOPING AN IMPROVED LLM TO POWER ALEXA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/28/amazon-working-improved-llm-to-power-alexa/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon is working to improve the LLM that powers Alexa. 

SOFTWARE ENGINEERS ARE PANICKING ABOUT BEING REPLACED BY AI (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://archive.ph/zSiyJ#selection-2035.70-2051.45?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI is already beginning to threaten software developers' jobs, with
some in the industry predicting that there will be no programmers in
five years. 

INTRODUCING HIDET: A DEEP LEARNING COMPILER FOR EFFICIENT MODEL
SERVING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://pytorch.org/blog/introducing-hidet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Hidet is a deep learning compiler that simplifies the process of
implementing high-performing deep learning operators on modern
accelerators 

MARK ZUCKERBERG IS FACING A MORALE CRISIS AFTER MULTIPLE META LAYOFFS
(13 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/GwfGJ#selection-487.118-521.69?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many workers at Meta say that Zuckerberg has lost his vision and trust
of his workforce. 

MLC LLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mlc-ai/mlc-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

MLC LLM can run any language model natively on a diverse set of
hardware backends, enabling anyone to develop, optimize, and deploy AI
models natively on many devices. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f3977320-e7f5-11ed-95d4-a56e5080b041&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682935219&t=1682938933&s=818a8a2ffde0aee23718dbf94c59ed789b79bf4ac0a49ab69542fef7ac04747b].


¬†