# Articles TLDR 02-06-2023

Mark Zuckerberg posted a teaser for Metas Quest 3 headset on Instagram
on Thursday.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9e58de84-00fb-11ee-8b42-59467f2c8117&pt=campaign&t=1685704583&s=12ca22927f937acf0ad3c39d59b7b50da868ad31592d952df2e49a880f685a5f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] 

TLDR 2023-06-02

TLDR¬†IS HIRING A¬†CURATOR¬†FOR¬†TLDR¬†FOUNDERS

TLDR¬†is hiring a part-time¬†curator¬†to join our¬†TLDR
Founders¬†newsletter curation team.
The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup¬†founder,
preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up
with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends
a lot of time hanging out with other¬†founders.¬†

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday),
to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to¬†jobs@tldr.tech¬†along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ZUCKERBERG UNVEILS META'S NEWEST VR HEADSET DAYS BEFORE APPLE REVEALS
ITS OWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/01/meta-quest-3-unveiled-ahead-of-apples-planned-vr-headset-debut.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mark Zuckerberg posted a teaser for Meta's Quest 3 headset on
Instagram on Thursday. The Quest 3 will launch in the fall for $499.
Meta appears to still be spending heavily on the metaverse. Its
Reality Labs unit reported an operating loss of $3.99 billion in the
company's first quarter while generating $399 million in revenue. The
price for the Quest Pro headset that launched last October has been
dropped from $1,499.99 to $999.99. A link to the teaser video is
available in the article. 

LISA SU SAVED AMD. NOW SHE WANTS NVIDIA'S AI CROWN (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/iainmartin/2023/05/31/lisa-su-saved-amd-now-she-wants-nvidias-ai-crown/?sh=577ec6611ec9?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AMD was floundering when Lisa Su took over as CEO in 2014. Su was able
to take advantage of missteps by Intel and signed deals with many
large customers, bringing the company out of trouble and even
overtaking rival Intel in market capitalization. AMD now plans to
produce chips to break Nvidia's near-monopoly on the processors that
power generative AI technologies. The company plans to have AI in
every one of its products in five years. This article talks about Su's
time at AMD and her plans for the company for the next few years. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HUBBLE NETWORK WANTS TO CONNECT A BILLION DEVICES WITH SPACE-BASED
BLUETOOTH NETWORK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/31/hubble-network-is-building-out-a-space-based-bluetooth-network-to-connect-over-billion-devices/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Seattle-based startup Hubble Network wants to launch a satellite
network that any Bluetooth-enabled device from anywhere in the world
can connect to. It aims to build out a constellation of 300 satellites
to provide real-time updates for any sensor or device with a Bluetooth
low-energy chip. Hubble's technology allows radio signals to be
detected around 1,000 kilometers away. The company plans to launch an
initial batch of four satellites in January 2024. 

ZAPPING THE BRAIN DURING SLEEP HELPS MEMORIES FORM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/memory-consolidation-brain-stimulation?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers at UCLA and Tel Aviv University have found a way to
improve people's memories by stimulating the brain with gentle
electric pulses during sleep. The researchers suspected that the part
of the brain where memories are initially stored communicates with
another part of the brain during sleep as part of the process of
memory consolidation. The study confirmed the communication between
the two parts of the brain and demonstrated a way to strengthen the
connection. The team is now exploring whether AI can help identify
brain activity linked to specific memories. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

LANCE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lancedb/lance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Lance is a modern data format for machine learning. It provides faster
random access, a vector index, data versioning, and more. Lance is
compatible with pandas, duckdb, polars, and pyarrow. It can be used
for building search engines and feature stores, large-scale ML
training, and storing, querying, and inspecting deeply nested data. 

WATCH TRANSITIONS IN SLOW MOTION IN CHROMES DEVTOOLS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2023/slow-motion-animations-with-chrome-devtools/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chrome's devtools allow developers to watch animations play out in
slow motion. This enables easier debugging. Some issues happen too
fast and can't be detected without slow motion. To watch animations in
slow motion, developers just need to access the console drawer in
Chrome devtools and then choose the 'Animations' panel from the 'More'
menu. A menu will appear that allows users to set animation speed. 

PROPIFY: THE UNIFIED API FOR PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS (SPONSOR)
[https://getpropify.com/?utm_source=tldr]

Propify is a single unified API that allows you to quickly & easily
integrate with all of the leading property management systems like
Buildium, RentManager, Entrata, and more.
Save developer time and ship faster so you can build your proptech
company without having to maintain messy integrations! Learn more
[https://getpropify.com/?utm_source=tldr].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE DEATH OF SELF-DRIVING CARS HAS BEEN GREATLY EXAGGERATED (17 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/06/the-death-of-self-driving-cars-is-greatly-exaggerated/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Seven years ago, hype about self-driving cars was off the charts.
Several self-driving projects have shut down their efforts since. Many
people now view self-driving technology as an expensive failure.
However, a handful of well-funded projects have continued to work on
the technology. This article looks at the current leaders in the
self-driving industry, Waymo and Cruise, the state of the industry,
the challenges the industry faces, and the future of the industry. It
also covers Tesla's Full Self Driving technology. 

OPEN SOURCE AI HAS A NEW CHAMPION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://analyticsindiamag.com/open-source-ai-has-a-new-champion/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Falcon is a large language model developed by the Technology
Innovation Institute in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It offers
better performance than LLaMA, a GPT-level large language model
developed by Meta. Falcon is the most powerful open-source language
model to date. It uses a modified Apache license, which means that it
can be fine-tuned and used for commercial purposes. Falcon is the
first open-source large language model that extends beyond research
limitations. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WANT A FREE TYPESCRIPT CLIENT FOR YOUR API? (SPONSOR)
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/o1aU3kvu]

Fern is an open source CLI that generates production-ready SDKs for
REST APIs.¬†Send us your OpenAPI spec to get started. Learn more
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/o1aU3kvu]. 

META WILL REQUIRE EMPLOYEES TO RETURN TO THE OFFICE THREE DAYS A WEEK,
STARTING IN SEPTEMBER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/01/meta-will-require-employees-to-return-to-the-office-three-days-a-week-starting-in-september.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The new policy will not impact existing workers who primarily work
remotely. 

KO (WEBSITE) [https://ko.build/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ko makes building Go container images easy, fast, and secure. 

CLICKLESS IOS EXPLOITS INFECT KASPERSKY IPHONES WITH NEVER-BEFORE-SEEN
MALWARE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/06/clickless-ios-exploits-infect-kaspersky-iphones-with-never-before-seen-malware/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Several dozen employees from security firm Kaspersky were hit with an
advanced cyberattack that used clickless exploits to infect their
iPhones to collect microphone recordings, photos, geolocation, and
other data. 

ADVANCING FUSION ENERGY: RESEARCHERS ACHIEVE RECORD-BREAKING
TEMPERATURES IN A TOKAMAK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/tokamak-nuclear-fusion-reactors-energy-high-temperature?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Princeton Plasma
Physics Laboratory, and Tokamak Energy Ltd recently achieved
temperatures of nearly 100 million degrees Celsius in a compact
tokamak. 

THE BIG QUESTION OF HOW SMALL CHIPS CAN GET (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/5AWwF#selection-2231.42-2231.178?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Moore's Law will likely end soon, but humans will likely find ways
around bottlenecks and continue innovation. 

PEAK CREDENTIALISM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://lemire.me/blog/2023/06/01/peak-credentialism/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There is evidence that the tech industry is moving away from
credentials, which means that people can worry less about which
college they attend or even whether they should attend college. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9e58de84-00fb-11ee-8b42-59467f2c8117&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685700032&t=1685704583&s=5516774120e37505d65c975d407244c35ae9a95ccb9b3e6e21f5038a94b6afcf].