# Articles TLDR 20-06-2023

Teslas Giga Laboratory retail concept appears to be a showcase of its
manufacturing capacity.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c81c0108-0f3b-11ee-8e9c-7533dfbbbc08&pt=campaign&t=1687259910&s=ca445048f498a1e6b79ea03856263d6f471f0704de4a0d95acd91652a92f3112]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-06-20

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TESLA UNVEILS NEW GIGA LABORATORY CONCEPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/06/11/tesla-unveils-new-giga-laboratory-concept/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's Giga Laboratory retail concept appears to be a showcase of its
manufacturing capacity. There are now 1,000 Tesla retail and service
locations, more than double the number from three years ago. The
announcement about the Giga Laboratory invites customers to come to
the store to meet up with friends and experience the magic of building
a car in 45 seconds. Pictures of the new store are available in the
article. 

REDDIT HACKERS DEMAND $4.5 MILLION RANSOM AND API PRICING CHANGES (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/19/23765895/reddit-hack-phishing-leak-api-pricing-steve-huffman?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A ransomware group that claimed responsibility for a hack on Reddit's
systems earlier this year is demanding money and policy changes.
BlackCat claims to have stolen 80GB of data from Reddit. It wants a
$4.5 million payout and for Reddit to roll back its planned API
pricing changes in exchange for the data. The attack occurred in
February. Reddit says that the hackers hadn't accessed private user
data. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

PARKER SOLAR PROBE IMAGES THE LAUNCH OF THE SOLAR WIND (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/06/parker-solar-probe-images-the-launch-of-the-solar-wind/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Solar wind is not very well understood despite its importance. Its
immense strength has, up until now, made it nearly impossible for
spacecraft to determine where it is generated. NASA's Parker Solar
Probe was recently able to image the region where solar wind
originates. It found that solar wind starts close to the surface and
then gushes through holes in the Sun's corona before being ejected
into space. The discovery could help humans predict when solar wind
will head towards Earth and enable us to protect sensitive equipment. 

THERE'S A PARASITE THAT TRIPLES ANTS' LIFESPANS AND IT ACTUALLY SOUNDS
PRETTY GREAT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/theres-a-parasite-that-triples-ants-lifespans-and-it-actually-sounds-pretty-great?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

_Temnothorax nylanderi_ ants that contract _Anomotaenia brevis_
tapeworms end up living up to over three times longer than their
peers. Uninfected ants end up pampering the infected ants' and do
their chores for them. The infected ants barely have to leave their
nests. The tapeworms appear to pump antioxidants and other proteins
into their hosts. Their goal is to eventually be eaten by a bird, so
that might be why they keep infected ants young and plump. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GPU PROGRAMMING: WHY, WHEN, AND HOW? (TRAINING COURSE)
[https://enccs.github.io/gpu-programming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The future of high-performance computing (HPC) systems is likely to be
provided by GPUs or other types of accelerators, so programming GPUs
and other accelerators is crucial to HPC system software developers.
It can be difficult for developers and project owners to know how to
navigate across the landscape of software and programming environments
available for GPU hardware. This course is aimed at helping both
software developers and decision-makers make more informed decisions
on which languages or frameworks to learn and use for their projects. 

VINEJS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/vinejs/vine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

VineJS is a form data validation library for Node.js that can be used
to validate HTTP request bodies in the backend. It is one of the
fastest validation libraries in the Node.js ecosystem. VineJS provides
both runtime and static type safety, first-class support for defining
custom error messages and formatting errors, and an extensive suite of
over 50 validation rules and 12 schema types. 

ELASTICSEARCH CHEATSHEET BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]

Elasticsearch gives you tons of health and performance data, but
making sense of it all isn‚Äôt easy. Use this cheatsheet to find the
key metrics to monitor
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]
Elasticsearch‚Äôs high-level cluster health, as well as search and
indexing performance, plus commands for correcting common performance
problems.
Get the cheatsheet from Datadog now üì©
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

YOU CAN'T TRUST GOOGLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/you-can-t-trust-google-f7d64064?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google will eventually kill its services if it can't find a way to
directly monetize them with ads at a scale of billions. The company is
paid for advertising rather than for its products. Google's recent
shutdown of Google Domains, a $180 million/year business servicing 10
million domains, is an example of this. People using Google products
and services outside of the ad space should prepare a backup plan as
the company is one major reorganization or promoted executive away
from shutting them down. 

TESLA'S HIDDEN 'ELON MODE' UNVEILED: A SNEAK PEEK INTO THE FUTURE OF
FSD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notateslaapp.com/software-updates/upcoming-features/id/1485/tesla-s-hidden-elon-mode-unveiled-a-sneak-peek-into-the-future-of-fsd-video?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A Tesla hacker has uncovered a unique feature in Tesla's Full
Self-Driving Beta software named 'Elon Mode'. Elon Mode switches the
vehicle from using steering wheel 'nags' to a more advanced driver
monitoring method that uses the internal camera to watch the driver
and ensure they are not distracted. It is unclear when the hidden mode
will be publicly accessible. A video showing Elon Mode in action is
available in the article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI HAS POISONED ITS OWN WELL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tracydurnell.com/2023/06/18/ai-has-poisoned-its-own-well/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tech companies have essentially established a threshold for the
maximum improvement of AI products as their early release will lead to
model collapse, an effect where irreversible defects are created in
models due to being trained on model-generated content - something
that will happen once LLMs contribute to much of the content found
online. 

THE FEDERATED APP PROBLEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://plug-world.com/posts/the-federated-app-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While federated apps allow users to jump onto any server and even
create their own, many of them will end up on the same central
instance. 

SUPERWHITE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dtinth/superwhite?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

superwhite displays a white color around 7 times brighter than #FFFFFF
on HDR-enabled displays using ~1 KB of video. 

APPLE IS TRYING TO TRADEMARK DEPICTIONS OF ACTUAL APPLES (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/apple-logo-trademark-depictions-apples?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple has been trying to trademark images of apples in Switzerland
since 2017, with the Swiss Institute of Intellectual Property
partially awarding Apple's request in 2022. 

EU: SMARTPHONES MUST HAVE USER-REPLACEABLE BATTERIES BY 2027 (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/eu-smartphones-must-have-user-replaceable-batteries-by-2027?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The European Parliament approved new rules earlier this week that
stipulate that all portable batteries used in devices such as
smartphones, tablets, and cameras must have easily removable and
replaceable batteries. 

WHEN DYING PATIENTS WANT UNPROVEN DRUGS (58 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2023/06/26/relyvrio-als-fda-approval?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The FDA requires two adequate trials before it approves a drug, a
process that can take years, but some patients don't have that time. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c81c0108-0f3b-11ee-8e9c-7533dfbbbc08&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687255261&t=1687259910&s=df3dc49ab7cdaaa28b86b3108c3dbd18641eafc9e43b29f02201c7a1d0ede549].