# Articles TLDR 28-04-2023

Organizational dysfunction and a lack of ambition within the Siri team
have prevented Apple from improving the technology.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=88777016-e59a-11ed-a14d-27af9d4f5907&pt=campaign&t=1682679697&s=ef847bf50875e08dbdef2d42abd6e288bc201be4da93a03c744a058d91430876]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-04-28

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

EVEN APPLE EMPLOYEES HATE SIRI AND ARE SKEPTICAL OF ITS FUTURE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/04/27/apple-employees-siri-struggles/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Organizational dysfunction and a lack of ambition within the Siri team
have prevented Apple from improving the technology. Siri is reportedly
built on a clunky database that makes it difficult for engineers to
update. The team working on Apple's AR/VR headset considered building
alternate methods of controlling the headset with voice technology due
to frustrations with Siri. Employees at Apple are skeptical that the
company will be successful in developing the next wave of LLM-based
products. 

MOTOROLA‚ÄôS FIRST CO-BRANDED LENOVO PHONE IS HERE, AND IT‚ÄôS NICE AS
HECK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/26/23698302/motorola-thinkphone-lenovo-price-availability-hands-on?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Lenovo ThinkPhone by Motorola is now available in the US. The
phone offers a suite of productivity features designed to work with
ThinkPad laptops. It has a red key on its side that can be mapped to
functions and apps. The phone is available on the Motorola website for
$699. Pictures of the device are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

RESEARCHERS DEVELOP TINY HYDRAULIC HAPTICS FOR TOUCHSCREEN
NOTIFICATIONS YOU CAN PHYSICALLY FEEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/27/tactile-push-notifications/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Future Interfaces Group at Carnegie Mellon University has created
a hydraulics-based haptic touch display. The electroosmotic pumps used
in the screens can be between 2mm to 10mm. Each pump can be
individually controlled with fast update rates. The technology could
allow for dynamic interfaces on devices with buttons and signals that
can appear where necessary. It could also bring keyboard physicality
back to smartphones. 

‚ÄòGAME CHANGER‚Äô METHOD LETS SCIENTISTS PEER INTO‚ÄîAND FLY
THROUGH‚ÄîMOUSE BODIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.science.org/content/article/game-changer-method-lets-scientists-peer-and-fly-through-mouse-bodies?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from the Helmholtz Munich research institute have created
a technique that can turn mice corpses transparent, transforming them
into 3D maps of anatomy. The technique exposes tissues to fluorescent
antibodies that label distinct cell types, highlighting tissues,
nerves, and vessels in color. It will allow scientists to map a mouse
at the cellular level and explore previously hidden links. The
technique currently only allows two cell types at a time to be
labeled, but the team is working on increasing its abilities. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CHATGPT PROMPT ENGINEERING FOR DEVELOPERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AndrewYNg/status/1651605660382134274?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers is now free for a limited
time. The course teaches prompt engineering best practices for
application development, different ways to use LLMs, and how to
iterate on prompts using the OpenAI API. It covers how to write
effective prompts, how to systematically engineer good prompts, and
how to build a custom chatbot. The course is beginner-friendly, but it
is also suitable for advanced machine learning engineers. 

LEARN WEBGPU (WEBSITE)
[https://eliemichel.github.io/LearnWebGPU/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This guide walks readers through how to use the WebGPU graphics API to
create native 3D applications in C++ in Windows, Linux, and macOS from
scratch. The WebGPU graphics API allows web developers to write code
that dialogues with the GPU. The guide covers basic rendering and
compute and more advanced techniques. 

ARE YOU FLYING BLIND WHEN IT COMES TO INFRA MONITORING? TRY DATADOG
FOR FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/monitor/benefits-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-trial]


Cloud infrastructure has become incredibly complex. With sprawling
environments, serverless functions, databases, and containers,
monitoring can feel impossible.
Datadog is cloud-scale monitoring minus the complexity
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/monitor/benefits-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-trial].
It‚Äôs deployed effortlessly, requires minimal maintenance, and
provides unparalleled breadth of coverage. Get complete visibility
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/monitor/benefits-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-trial]
into your infrastructure performance with 600+ integrations,
customizable dashboards, and powerful anomaly detection. Start now for
free.
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/monitor/benefits-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-coreplatform-ww-trial]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IS OPENAI'S SAM ALTMAN BUILDING A TECH DREAM OR A SCI-FI NIGHTMARE?
(39 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/lA6Q8?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Sam Altman, OpenAI's CEO, has recently started to become a household
name. His power has increased over the past few years. He is now on
the board of seven companies and was named one of Time's 10 Most
Influential People. While Altman claims to want to create a better
world, critics are wary that his vision for a better world may not be
desirable for others. This article looks at Altman, his past, the
other companies he has worked at, his vision of the future, universal
basic income, potential issues with AI technology, and much more. 

TECH WORKERS FREAK OUT OVER THE END OF THE $500,000-PLUS PAYDAY (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/bAhGW?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The days of $500,000+ salaries for tech workers could be over. Some
companies are using layoffs to justify pay cuts for new hires. People
are accepting lower pay and the trend will likely continue unless
there is a new huge demand for tech. Recent AI developments have made
many tech workers question whether their jobs will be replaced
entirely. While tech is still lucrative, companies are now unlikely to
overpay for developers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COINBASE OFFERS A FIERY RESPONSE TO THE SEC'S THREAT OF ENFORCEMENT
ACTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/27/coinbase-offers-fiery-response-to-sec-wells-notice-.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase told the SEC that enforcement action would pose major
programmatic risks to the SEC that would fail on the merits. 

THE FIRST IVF BABIES CONCEIVED BY A ROBOT HAVE BEEN BORN (13 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/Nl0B5?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Overture Life's robot is a step towards automating in vitro
fertilization and making the procedure less expensive. 

CLUBHOUSE NEEDS TO FIX THINGS, AND TODAY IT CUT MORE THAN HALF OF
STAFF (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/27/clubhouse-needs-to-fix-things-and-today-it-cut-more-than-half-of-staff/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Impacted employees will receive severance and continued healthcare
coverage for the next few months. 

HYPERSWITCH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/juspay/hyperswitch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

HyperSwitch is a Financial Switch that can connect with multiple
payment processors and route traffic effortlessly using a single API
integration. 

AI TECHNOLOGY LIKE CHATGPT WILL RESHAPE SOFTWARE CODING JOBS FOREVER
(14 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/7XceZ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Software developers will likely be performing different tasks in the
future as they find new ways to make themselves useful by focusing on
what AI can't do. 

CHATGPT EXPERIENCE IS ON EMPLOYERS LISTS FOR HIRING NEW CANDIDATES (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/ghKO1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A study by ResumeBuilder found that 91% of companies are looking for
workers with ChatGPT experience. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=88777016-e59a-11ed-a14d-27af9d4f5907&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682676020&t=1682679697&s=0a943c202f777b75d184fc2afb543d8ceb9d7419913c1d580c776ecc9c976752].


¬†