# Articles TLDR 17-04-2023

X.AI is a new company by Elon Musk dedicated to artificial
intelligence.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=db7c852c-dcfc-11ed-aa7f-d91931abff1d&pt=campaign&t=1681729164&s=20bd84e14b6917ed22b212e2203f5d2c0d3e7291acec947ad0c246ca3b1d0940]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-04-17

TLDR WEB DEV NEWSLETTER [https://tldr.tech/engineering] 

TLDR is launching our web dev newsletter later today,¬†sign up here
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]¬†to receive it in your inbox! The
newsletter is curated by engineers from Google, Meta, and Okta, and
will cover interesting new devtools, GitHub repos, tutorials, and
other interesting web dev related news, trends, and opinion
articles.¬†Sign up today [https://tldr.tech/engineering]. 

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK FOUNDS NEW AI COMPANY CALLED X.AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/14/23684005/elon-musk-new-ai-company-x?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


X.AI is a new company by Elon Musk dedicated to artificial
intelligence. The business was incorporated in March and has Musk as
its director. Rumors that Musk was planning to start an AI company
began several days ago when it was revealed that he had purchased
thousands of GPUs to power a generative AI product. The X.AI name
matches the branding of the everything app that Musk has planned. 

AI IS COMING SOON TO GOOGLE SEARCH WITH ‚ÄòMAGI‚Äô AS SAMSUNG
CONSIDERS BING DEFAULT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/04/16/google-search-magi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google Search is getting generative AI. The new Search will offer a
far more personalized service. It will be able to answer coding
questions and write code based on user requests. There are currently
160 designers, engineers, and executives working on the project. The
new Search will launch in May in the US. Samsung is considering
replacing Google with Bing as the default search engine for its
devices. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

YOUR ROBOTIC AVATAR IS ALMOST READY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/xprize-robot-avatar?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Robotic avatar systems allow people to experience and interact with
things located in a different place. An effective robotic avatar
allows users to see, hear, touch, move, and communicate in a way that
makes them feel like they're somewhere else. These systems could one
day be used to provide care, disaster relief, and other services
regardless of distance. This article looks at several projects from a
competition where 17 teams from around the world built robotic avatar
systems for an $8 million prize. 

SPACEX WILL TRY TO LAUNCH MOST POWERFUL ROCKET EVER MONDAY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://phys.org/news/2023-04-spacex-powerful-rocket-monday.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX will carry out its first test flight for Starship today. The
launch is scheduled to take off at 9:00 am EDT from Boca Chica, Texas.
Starship is the most powerful rocket ever built. Its engines are
capable of generating 17 million pounds of thrust. The rocket is
designed to send astronauts to the Moon and beyond. Starship's
reusable launcher strategy could mean that each Starship flight might
eventually cost less than $10 million. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

WEB LLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mlc-ai/web-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Web LLM is a project that runs large language models directly in the
browser. It runs everything within the browser with no server support.
Web LLM aims to provide AI assistants with privacy for everyone. A web
demo is available. 

WEBGPU FUNDAMENTALS (WEBSITE)
[https://webgpufundamentals.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This site contains a resources for learning WebGPU. WebGPU is an API
that allows developers to draw triangles, points, and lines to
textures and run computations on the GPU. It is an extremely low-level
API that requires a large amount of code and serious organization of
data for many apps. The resources assume readers have previous
knowledge of JavaScript. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HYPE GROWS OVER ‚ÄúAUTONOMOUS‚Äù AI AGENTS THAT LOOP GPT-4 OUTPUTS (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/hype-grows-over-autonomous-ai-agents-that-loop-gpt-4-outputs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Agentic implementations are attempts to loop and iterate AI models to
carry out multistep tasks with as little human intervention as
possible. Chaining AI models could potentially make them more capable
than using a single AI model. Projects like Auto-GPT and BabyAGI
attempt to carry out tasks after being given general directions. These
projects have caught the attention of 'hustle bros' who aim to use the
technology to automatically generate income. 

‚ÄòOVEREMPLOYED‚Äô HUSTLERS EXPLOIT CHATGPT TO TAKE ON EVEN MORE
FULL-TIME JOBS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/v7begx/overemployed-hustlers-exploit-chatgpt-to-take-on-even-more-full-time-jobs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some people started to work multiple jobs at the same time during the
pandemic when working from home became normalized. The introduction of
technologies like ChatGPT has helped the overemployed do their jobs
even more efficiently. The overemployed community is quickly figuring
out how much of their work can be automated away using AI tools. This
article looks at how several people in the overemployed community use
AI tools in their jobs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BLUESKY IS MY FAVORITE TWITTER CLONE YET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/15/23683846/bluesky-twitter-clone-at-protocol-favorite?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Jack Dorsey-backed Bluesky is a decentralized social network similar
to Twitter with a system designed to maintain a positive environment. 

CHATGPT IS GOING TO CHANGE EDUCATION, NOT DESTROY IT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Ea6ZU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Many teachers believe that chatbots can be used to make lessons more
interactive, teach students media literacy, generate personalized
lesson plans, and save teachers time on admin. 

DBDEV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/supabase/dbdev?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

dbdev is a package manager for PostgreSQL trusted language extensions.


APPLE PLANS TO LAUNCH MORE THAN JUST ITS NEW HEADSET AT WWDC (16
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/HQAWL?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

In addition to a mixed reality headset, Apple's annual conference will
also feature new Mac laptops, an update to the Apple Watch's software,
and updated versions of iOS, iPadOS, and macOS. 

EFFICIENCY TRADES OFF AGAINST RESILIENCY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.nelhage.com/post/efficiency-vs-resiliency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Running at 100% hardware utilization can lead to problems when
something happens to increase load. 

INNOVATION IS OVERRATED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/innovation-is-overrated-4994874c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Innovation rarely happens - people should focus on being fulfilled at
work rather than being innovative. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=db7c852c-dcfc-11ed-aa7f-d91931abff1d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681725619&t=1681729164&s=ac582f76ad80e552c83ac07b449bd5d94a29cd16997e48efb72c2ae8cc0646ac].


¬†