# Articles TLDR 06-04-2023

Apples upcoming iOS 17 release will reportedly come with major changes
to the iPhones Control Center.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=5aa82062-d443-11ed-a14a-25c71ac21d0d&pt=campaign&t=1680778782&s=314d9e3dcf43be29d65313f008006d025ee2a1613727b201962dd390d7398ea9]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [QA Wolf]
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=Primary04062023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-06

IN-HOUSE QA TAKES YEARS TO SCALE. QA WOLF TAKES WEEKS. (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=Primary04062023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


Stop dreading whether your next release is ready to ship ‚Äî get
zero-effort, automated end-to-end testing done for you by the experts
at QA Wolf.
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=Primary04062023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

	*
Tests are written in Playwright ‚Äî no vendor lock-in

	*
Run your entire test suite in parallel
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=Primary04062023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
an unlimited amount of times on QA Wolf's infrastructure

	*
24/5 bug investigation and maintenance with a Zero Flake Guarantee

	*
Integrated into your CI/CD

	*
In-house engineers based in the US, UK, and Australia

Start a three-month pilot
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=Primary04062023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IOS 17 RUMORED TO FEATURE 'MAJOR' CHANGES TO IPHONE'S CONTROL CENTER
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/05/ios-17-control-center-changes-rumor/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's upcoming iOS 17 release will reportedly come with major
changes to the iPhone's Control Center. The Control Center design has
largely remained the same since the release of iOS 11 in 2017. This
year marks the 10th anniversary of its initial introduction. The iOS
17 update is mainly focused on performance and stability improvement.
Apple is expected to announce iOS 17 during the WWDC 2023 keynote. A
beta version will likely be released to developers on the same day. 

SUBSTACK IS GETTING TWEETS ‚Äî ERR, ‚ÄòNOTES‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/5/23670452/substack-notes-tweets-posts-twitter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Substack is introducing a new feature called 'Notes'. Notes will allow
users to make small, tweet-like posts containing images, links,
comments, and quotes. The feature will have its own dedicated tab.
Substack hopes that Notes will contribute to the quality of the
platform‚Äôs content. The company is developing methods to prevent
trolls on its platform. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

META SHARES AI MODEL THAT CAN DETECT OBJECTS IT HASN'T SEEN BEFORE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/meta-shares-ai-model-that-can-detect-objects-it-hasnt-seen-before-210002471.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has unveiled an AI model that detects objects in images and
videos even they weren't part of the training set. Segment Anything
allows users to select items with free-form text prompts or by
clicking on them. It can limit the need for additional AI training.
Segment Anything works with other models. The dataset and model are
available for download under a non-commercial license. Meta currently
uses similar tech to help moderate content, recommend posts, and tag
photos. 

A NEW ZEALAND COMPANY HAS STARTED FLYING A ROCKET-POWERED SPACEPLANE
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/a-new-zealand-company-has-started-flying-a-rocket-powered-spaceplane/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dawn Aerospace has completed the first three test flights of its
rocket-powered spaceplane. The Mk-II Aurora is 4.5 meters long and
runs on kerosene and hydrogen peroxide. During its test flights, the
spaceplane flew to an altitude of approximately 1,800 meters and
reached a top speed of 315 kilometers per hour. Dawn Aerospace aims to
fly the vehicle twice a day, taking off and landing from a runway,
using non-exotic fuels. Its eventual goal is to launch satellites with
a mass of about 250 kg into low-Earth orbit. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MAKE YOUR WEBSITE EDITABLE. (WEBSITE)
[https://editable.website/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

'Editable' makes websites editable. It allows website changes from
anywhere with no admin panel required. It can create fast and
easy-to-use websites that do exactly what needs to be done. An
interactive demo is available on the site. 

PWAS IN APP STORES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/pwas-in-app-stores/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article talks about how to use PWABuilder, a powerful tool that
allows developers to create packages that can be submitted to various
app stores. Progressive web apps can be difficult to distribute,
especially to app stores. PWABuilder is a tool that allows developers
to create packages for both web browsers and app stores. It simplifies
the process of publishing web applications to app stores. 

PAVING A ROAD TO AN EFFECTIVE DATA MESH ‚Äî FIRESIDE CHAT WITH ZHAMAK
DELGHANI (SPONSOR)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


Confused about Data Mesh? Have all your questions answered by Zhamak
Delghani, who founded the concept in 2018 and is the world‚Äôs leading
expert on it. This fireside chat with Zhamak and AtScale Product
Leader Elif Tutuk
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
will explore the Data Mesh and how it can support decentralized,
domain-oriented analytics innovation Join the Semantic Layer Summit to
attend the session (free, virtual)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDE MICROSOFT‚ÄôS SPRINT TO INTEGRATE OPENAI‚ÄôS GPT-4 INTO ITS
‚Äò365‚Äô APP SUITE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90875405/inside-microsofts-sprint-to-integrate-openais-gpt-4-into-its-365-app-suite?partner=rss&utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's integration of its AI-powered coding tool Copilot into its
365 app suite was a major undertaking that required significant
resources and a large team of professionals working intensively for
several months. This ambitious project was sparked by the release of
ChatGPT, which set off an AI frenzy and led to an accelerated timeline
for the development of new generative AI products and features.
Microsoft relied on a team of designers, engineers, data scientists,
marketing professionals, ethics experts, and other specialists who
clocked in long hours to integrate Copilot. This article offers a
behind-the-scenes look at how this feat was accomplished. 

OPEN GARAGE DOORS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD BY EXPLOITING THIS ‚ÄúSMART‚Äù
DEVICE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/open-garage-doors-anywhere-in-the-world-by-exploiting-this-smart-device/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A security researcher has warned that a leading garage door controller
is highly vulnerable to security and privacy threats. Nexx's
controllers, which can open/close garage doors and control home
security alarms and smart power plugs, employ a universal password
which leaves devices vulnerable. The email address, device ID, first
name, last initial, and message are also broadcasted on unencrypted
channels. Anyone can access Nexx servers and issue commands to the
controller. Nexx's home security alarms are similarly at risk. The
Texas-based company has failed to respond to multiple warning messages
about the vulnerabilities. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INSTANT ML-TO-C++ OPTIMIZED CONVERSION FOR EDGE DEVICES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.edgeimpulse.com/blog/unveiling-the-new-edge-impulse-python-sdk?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr]


ML engineers can now effortlessly optimize their ML models and tune
them to run at peak performance on any edge device. Turn any model
into a deployable C++ library.
Get started at edgeimpulse.com/BYOM
[https://www.edgeimpulse.com/blog/unveiling-the-new-edge-impulse-python-sdk?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr]

AMAZON PLANS TO REDUCE EMPLOYEE STOCK AWARDS IN 2025 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/YInk6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The change may be signaling a major shift in Amazon's approach to
compensation. 

A HIGH-LEVEL LLMOPS ARCHITECTURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/a-high-level-llmops-architecture?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look at what it takes to integrate a large language model into an
infrastructure. 

AN ON-RAMP TO FLOW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://census.dev/blog/an-on-ramp-to-flow?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses how to get into and exit the state of flow. 

ENGSHELL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/emcf/engshell?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

engshell enables Large language model-powered English-language inputs
for shell in any OS. 

META'S CTO, IN CHARGE OF THE METAVERSE, SAYS HE AND ZUCKERBERG ARE
SPENDING MOST OF THEIR TIME ON A.I. (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/05/meta-cto-boz-says-he-and-zuckerberg-spend-most-of-their-time-on-ai.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta's top executives are spending most of their time working on
artificial intelligence. 

GORU (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bryanp/goru?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Goru is an experimental concurrency library for Ruby intended for
low-level programs like http servers. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

NEXGEN CLOUD - SENIOR INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE,
$140,000+) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-infrastructure-engineer/483]


NexGen Cloud is hiring a Senior Infrastructure Engineer to design,
implement, and maintain complex cloud infrastructure solutions for an
innovative IaaS company focused on bridging the gap between Web 2.0
and Web 3.0. 

REWIND AI - HEAD OF MARKETING (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-marketing/482] 

Rewind AI is hiring a Head of Marketing to craft compelling
narratives, execute guerrilla marketing, own lead generation, and
more, for a company that aims to give humans perfect memory. 

HOCKEYSTACK - FOUNDING BACKEND ENGINEER (SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA,
$140,000 - $200,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/founding-backend-engineer/481] 

HockeyStack is hiring a Founding Backend Engineer to build and update
integrations, refactor code, update and write SQL queries, and
optimize infrastructure for a SaaS analytics platform that unites
marketing, revenue, and product data. 

WANDERU - TECH MANAGER, CORE PRODUCT (FULLY REMOTE, $150,000 -
$190,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/tech-manager%2C-core-product/479] 

Wanderu is hiring a Tech Manager to build a technology platform,
deliver the best end user experience, and support the growth of the
leading ground travel search in North America and soon the rest of the
world. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=5aa82062-d443-11ed-a14a-25c71ac21d0d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680775220&t=1680778782&s=aafcf6a461021928913d1f21cfe30bb5b776ffe2b36cd7ab48886bcc212e47b4].


¬†