# Articles TLDR 29-05-2023

Metas Quest 3 contains a massive set of improvements¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=da1d8ac0-fde8-11ed-867a-d5e2547733e0&pt=campaign&t=1685358777&s=695b00cdfb6bedb9320ee9291b37063f9cd7b8ccd8efbbfbfda1384f7500a9ef]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-29

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

QUEST 3 HANDS-ON CONFIRMS META‚ÄôS BUILDING A ‚ÄòFAR THINNER AND
LIGHTER‚Äô HEADSET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/28/23740500/meta-quest-3-vr-ar-headset-preview-leak-hands-on-rumor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta's Quest 3 contains a massive set of improvements, according to
Mark Gurman from Bloomberg. Codenamed Eureka, the headset is far
lighter and thinner than the Quest 2 and it features a Qualcomm
Snapdragon XR2 chip, more sensors, an improved system for adjusting
the lenses' inter-pupillary distance, a depth sensor, redesigned
controllers, and color passthrough. The Quest 3 will likely be more
expensive than the Quest 2, but far cheaper than the Quest Pro. There
are no details about when the headset will be released. 

SERGEY BRIN HAS A SECRET PLAN TO PUT AIRSHIPS BACK IN THE SKIES (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/UlWrb#selection-3731.204-3735.149?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lighter Than Air, a company backed by Google co-founder Sergey Brin,
is getting ready to unveil its first airship, the Pathfinder 1. The
company has operated mostly in secrecy since its founding in 2016. The
Pathfinder 1 is 122 meters long and 20 meters in diameter at its
fattest part. It has 13 helium bladders that provide nonflammable
lift. LTA's airships are intended for hauling cargo and delivering
supplies to disaster zones. Pictures of the Pathfinder 1 airship are
available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NESTRON'S WILDLY POPULAR FUTURISTIC 275-SQUARE-FOOT PREFAB TINY HOME
HAS ARRIVED IN NORTH AMERICA - SEE INSIDE THE $96,000 UNIT (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.in/thelife/news/nestronaposs-wildly-popular-futuristic-275-square-foot-prefab-tiny-home-has-arrived-in-north-america-ampmdash-see-inside-the-96000-unit/slidelist/100571511.cms?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nestron's prefabricated tiny homes are equipped with an artificial
intelligence system, built-in furniture, and more. The company
recently started shipments to Canada and it plans to open up 10
dealerships in the US this year. Its homes are generally under
$100,000. This article looks at the design of the homes and the
current process of importing one of the units. It includes many photos
of both the exterior and interior of the dwellings. 

CREATING A SPERM OR EGG FROM ANY CELL? REPRODUCTION REVOLUTION ON THE
HORIZON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2023/05/27/1177191913/sperm-or-egg-in-lab-breakthrough-in-reproduction-designer-babies-ivg?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


In-vitro gametogenesis (IVG) involves making human eggs and sperm in
the laboratory from any cell in a person's body. The process is
already perfected in mice and researchers are on the way to making it
work for humans. IVG would enable anyone to have children with their
own DNA and could replace markets for sperm and eggs. There will need
to be laws created to make sure that people can't become genetic
parents without their knowledge or consent. The US FDA is already
exploring the implications of the technology. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

VUE VINE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/vue-vine/vue-vine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Vue Vine is another style for writing Vue components. It supports
writing multiple Vue components in a single file. Vue Vine was
designed to provide flexibility when managing Vue components. 

ALL THE HARD STUFF NOBODY TALKS ABOUT WHEN BUILDING PRODUCTS WITH LLMS
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.honeycomb.io/blog/hard-stuff-nobody-talks-about-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is hard to build a real product backed by a large language model.
This article discusses the challenges faced when developing Query
Assistant, a natural language querying interface. These challenges
included dealing with token limits, high latency, producing the right
outputs, dealing with prompt injection, and legal and compliance
issues. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SAM ALTMAN SHARES HIS OPTIMISTIC VIEW OF OUR AI FUTURE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/26/sam-altman-shares-his-optimistic-view-of-our-ai-future/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI CEO Sam Altman met with heads of governments and startup
communities in Europe last week to talk about AI regulation and
beyond. Altman said that AI is having a moment now as it is good at
many different things and it has been shown to be useful in improving
productivity across a wide variety of jobs. He warned that
overreaching European regulation could lead to OpenAI leaving the
continent. Altman has called for a global regulatory framework to
govern AI, similar to nuclear or biotech regulation. OpenAI is now
working on better, smarter, cheaper, faster, and more capable models. 

IS CYBERSECURITY AN UNSOLVABLE PROBLEM? (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/features/2023/05/is-cybersecurity-an-unsolvable-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new book called 'Fancy Bear Goes Phishing: The Dark History of the
Information Age in Five Extraordinary Hacks' discusses the infamous
case of the Dark Avenger, the hacker notorious for breaking into Paris
Hilton's Sidekick II in 2005, the student who designed the Mirai
botnet, the Fancy Bear hack by Russian military intelligence, and the
Morris Worm. The book posits that there is no permanent solution to
the cybersecurity problem as it is a human problem rather than a
technological problem. This article contains a transcript of an
interview with the author of the book, Scott Shapiro. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LUA: THE LITTLE LANGUAGE THAT COULD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt.blwt.io/post/lua-the-little-language-that-could/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lua can be picked up in a weekend and used for a wide variety of
applications, including auth layers in HAProxy, World of Warcraft
addons, Roblox games, and much more. 

BLUESKY ROLLS OUT FEEDS WITH CUSTOM ALGORITHMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/26/23739174/bluesky-custom-feeds-algorithms-twitter-alternative?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bluesky has rolled out custom feeds, a feature that allows users to
subscribe to a variety of different feeds. 

OPENAI RAISES $175 MILLION FOR STARTUP INVESTMENT FUND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/xtH7h?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The OpenAI Startup Fund will back companies pushing the boundaries of
how AI can positively impact the world and change people's lives. 

APACHE BAREMAPS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/apache/incubator-baremaps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apache Baremaps is a toolkit and set of infrastructure components that
enable developers to build maps with different data sources, live
reload capabilities, location search, IP to location, and more. 

LAWYER CITES FAKE CASES INVENTED BY CHATGPT, JUDGE IS NOT AMUSED (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/May/27/lawyer-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A lawyer asked ChatGPT for examples of cases that supported an
argument they were trying to make and ChatGPT hallucinated several
supporting cases with full details. 

GORILLA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ShishirPatil/gorilla?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Gorilla allows LLMs to invoke over 1,600 APIs accurately. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=da1d8ac0-fde8-11ed-867a-d5e2547733e0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685354431&t=1685358777&s=58c576e82de9f09200d556a20fcd232a42e50b6638157da5e1efed889eb70a56].


¬†