# Articles TLDR 11-10-2023

Google users will start being prompted to create and use passkeys
instead of passwords starting today¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=1ffe44dc-6804-11ee-9689-615000ad8726&pt=campaign&t=1697021668&s=82aec6a714bd652f11c16f515bff327c70888739ee5ca9f75f60c3d79faaf4bf]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-11

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE WILL NOW MAKE PASSKEYS THE DEFAULT FOR PERSONAL ACCOUNTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/google-will-now-make-passkeys-the-default-for-personal-accounts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google users will start being prompted to create and use passkeys
instead of passwords starting today. Passwords will still be used
where passkeys are not yet supported. Passkeys ensure that users have
separate keys for each account. They are resistant to online attacks
like phishing. Users can choose to forgo passkeys by unchecking the
'skip password when possible' option in their account settings. 

STARLINK TO BE AVAILABLE ON MOST AIRCRAFT SOON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://driveteslacanada.ca/news/starlink-to-be-available-on-most-aircraft-soon-says-elon-musk/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX's Starlink will soon be available for use by any aircraft
operator. Starlink Aviation will cost airlines $25,000 per month and
they will have to purchase equipment for $150,000. It offers download
speeds of 40-220 Mbps. Starlink's network is significantly larger than
all of its competition combined - most inflight offerings are only
able to offer an unstable connection with a maximum of 10 Mbps. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX‚ÄôS FALCON HEAVY ROCKET IS ABOUT TO BECOME A WORKHORSE FOR NASA
(14 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/10/nasas-falcon-heavy-era-begins-this-week-with-launch-of-asteroid-mission/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX will soon be the only option for NASA to launch many of its
science missions. This has concerned some industry officials as a
SpaceX launch failure might disrupt the business plans of a wide range
of customers. The company may also raise launch prices due to the lack
of competition. Prices for upcoming launches are already much higher
than previous launches, but the requirements are also more complex. 

HOW DISNEY PACKED BIG EMOTION INTO A LITTLE ROBOT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/disney-robot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A Disney Research team recently presented a brand new robotic
character during a keynote address. The robot packs an enormous amount
of expression into its child-size body, emoting in a way that makes it
seem uniquely alive. It uses a system that leverages reinforcement
learning to convert an animator's vision into expressive motions. This
article discusses how it was developed and the technology behind it -
a video of the robot is available. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INTERMEDIATE GRAPHICS LIBRARY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/facebook/igl?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The Intermediate Graphics Library is a cross-platform library that
commands the GPU. It provides a single low-level interface on top of
various graphics APIs like OpenGL, Metal, and Vulkan. The library has
been tested for broad device reliability, especially on Android
devices as well as the Quest 2/3/Pro. Screenshots are available. 

OPENAPI-STACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openapistack/docs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

openapi-stack is a collection of libraries and tools for full-stack
software development using OpenAPI specification with an API Design
First philosophy. It provides a single source of truth for API
contracts, type safety and validation, and tools for testing and
collaboration. openapi-stack has been battle-tested in production with
high test coverage. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHO CAN COMMERCIALIZE NEW TECHNOLOGIES? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/who-can-commercialize-new-technologies?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A consistent factor in startup success is founder-company fit.
Investors are looking for those capable of changing the world and
doing something that hasn't been done before. Those responsible for
research breakthroughs might not be the right people to innovate and
capture value. There are many factors in business that require
specific skill sets to navigate. Creators and innovators should make
sure they are partnering with the right people on the founding team. 

GOING FROM DEVELOPER TO CEO: CHRONOSPHERE (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/chronosphere/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Martin Mao started out as a developer at a local startup in Australia.
He is now the CEO of heads up observability scaleup Chronosphere, a
company that supports billions of active time series across its
customer fleet. The company was founded by two engineers. This article
covers Mao's journey from Australia to working in Silicon Valley,
launching a start up, and going from developer to CEO. Lessons from
his journey include learning to lean on VCs and advisors and to seek
help and advice from other founders and CEOs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ONESCHEMA: APIS AND SDKS TO AUTOMATE CSV IMPORT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=]

Stop manually fixing your customers‚Äô data and delight them with
frictionless CSV¬†import. ‚ÄúThe customer experience is 10x better and
faster for users‚Äù ‚Äî Senior Product Manager, Foodics. Learn how you
can import CSV data 10x faster
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=]


THE FRAUD WAS IN THE CODE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.mollywhite.net/p/the-fraud-was-in-the-code?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gary Wang recently walked jury members through snippets of FTX's code,
revealing how Alameda was given an unlimited line of credit, how FTX's
insurance fund balance was falsified, and more. 

THE CREEPY NEW DIGITAL AFTERLIFE INDUSTRY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/digital-afterlife?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The digital afterlife industry makes it possible to create
reconstructions of dead people based on the data they've left behind. 

GOOGLE'S AI STOPLIGHT PROGRAM IS NOW CALMING TRAFFIC IN A DOZEN CITIES
WORLDWIDE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/google-ai-stoplight-program-project-green-light-sustainability-traffic-110015328.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's Project Green Light uses machine learning systems to look
through Maps data and calculate the most optimal traffic timing at
intersections to reduce idle times as well as the amount of braking
and accelerating vehicles have to do. 

HOW IT WORKS: THE NOVEL HTTP/2 ‚ÄòRAPID RESET‚Äô DDOS ATTACK (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/identity-security/how-it-works-the-novel-http2-rapid-reset-ddos-attack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the predominant methodology for Layer 7 attacks
over the last few years, what changed to make them larger, and
mitigation strategies that are believed to be effective against this
attack type. 

ADOBE‚ÄôS PROJECT STARDUST IS A SNEAK PREVIEW OF ITS NEXT-GEN AI PHOTO
EDITING ENGINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/10/adobes-project-stardust-is-a-sneak-preview-of-its-next-gen-ai-photo-editing-engine/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Adobe's Project Stardust enables users to easily delete objects and
people in a scene, change backgrounds, and more. 

QUANTIFYING GITHUB COPILOT‚ÄôS IMPACT ON CODE QUALITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-10-10-research-quantifying-github-copilots-impact-on-code-quality/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub has released new research on GitHub Copilot Chat that indicates
that the quality of code authored and reviewed using the tool was
better across the board even though none of the developers in the
study had used the feature before. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=1ffe44dc-6804-11ee-9689-615000ad8726&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697018419&t=1697021668&s=079b7cf65f3efb9111898e05060b9e8fe9087abb4fa2d3ed6f37d1c54944fa5e].