# Articles TLDR 31-05-2023

Apples AR mixed-reality headset will reportedly have a 1.4-inch 4K
screen in front of each eye.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0fbe4032-ff7b-11ed-aa7a-c39c4f7ed16c&pt=campaign&t=1685532327&s=0bc729953dc70429b34eabc8d6b4d1d66ddacf12d241f268aada5a1e004aabef]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Remi]
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]

TLDR 2023-05-31

üòç SMILE! GET QUALITY CUSTOM NIGHT GUARDS FOR 80% LESS ‚Äî FROM THE
COMFORT OF YOUR HOME (SPONSOR)
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]


A great smile makes a great first impression. Protect your smile with
custom night guards
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]
from Remi
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]:
‚úÖ Up to 80% cheaper than going to a dentist (and much less hassle).

‚úÖ Customized, high-quality, and comfortable (rated 4.9 by 2689
reviewers).

‚úÖ Delivered to your doorstep.

HERE‚ÄôS HOW IT WORKS:

	*
Remi
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]
send you an impression kit

	*
Take your impressions at home in under 10 mins

	*
Send back your impressions

	*
Receive your custom night guard
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]

Get 25% off with code MDAY25
[https://shopremi.com/products/custom-night-guard?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=05_31_23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE REALITY PRO LEAK REVEALS A SERIOUSLY HIGH-RES DISPLAY - 4K FOR
EACH EYE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macworld.com/article/1935837/apple-reality-headset-display-leak-resolution-brightness.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple's AR mixed-reality headset will reportedly have a 1.4-inch 4K
screen in front of each eye. The micro OLED screens will have more
than 5,000 nits of brightness and likely support ProMotion with a
120Hz or higher refresh rate. The reports of a $3,000 price tag are
likely accurate. Apple is expected to launch the headset on Monday
during its WWDC keynote. 

NVIDIA IS NOW A $1 TRILLION COMPANY THANKS TO THE AI BOOM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/30/23742123/nvidia-stock-ai-gpu-1-trillion-market-cap-price-value?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nvidia temporarily became a $1 trillion company this week. Its rising
valuation is being fueled by tech companies racing to add generative
AI to their products. Nvidia‚Äôs Computex 2023 keynote was full of AI
announcements. The company reported over $2 billion in profits over
three months in its last quarterly earnings report. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

GERMAN START-UP WINS INITIAL FUNDING FOR REVOLUTIONARY FUSION ENERGY
MACHINE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/XKpBg#selection-2275.139-2275.244?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Proxima Fusion aims to build a revolutionary fusion energy machine
called a stellarator. The stellarator is a more complicated design and
build than a traditional tokamak, but it produces more stable plasma
and can sustain fusion reactions for longer. They are difficult to
design but easier to operate than tokamaks. Proxima is the first
fusion company to spin out of the Max Planck Institute for Plasma
Physics. The institute currently houses the world's most advanced
existing stellarator. 

HALF OF CHILDREN GIVEN SKINNY JAB NO LONGER CLINICALLY OBESE US STUDY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/society/2023/may/17/half-of-children-given-skinny-jab-no-longer-clinically-obese-us-study?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nearly half of children dosed with semaglutide in a study lost enough
weight to no longer be classed as clinically obese. Almost
three-quarters of the children assigned the drug had an improvement in
at least one BMI category by the end of the study, compared with just
under a fifth on the placebo. The study demonstrates the high degree
of clinical effectiveness the drug has in adolescents with obesity.
While the drug may have transformative effects for people living with
obesity, doctors warn that it is not a quick fix and that it should be
used in conjunction with lifestyle therapies and other anti-obesity
measures. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

FASTGRON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/adamritter/fastgron?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

fastgron is a high-performance JSON to GRON converter. It transforms
JSON into discrete assignments to make it easier to grep and see the
absolute path to it. fastgron makes exploring APIs with terrible
documentation easier. 

USEHOOKS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/uidotdev/usehooks?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository contains a collection of Server Component safe React
Hooks. It includes hooks for tracking user battery status, managing
and manipulating lists, tracking variables, responding to changes to
documents, managing counter values, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BIG TECHS BIGGEST BETS (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.matthewball.vc/all/bigtechbiggestbets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at big tech's biggest bets and the challenges these
companies face in developing the technologies they have bet on. It
covers Apple and Meta's plans to develop mixed reality headsets,
Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft's AI, Android, iOS, gaming, new platforms,
and much more. 

OPENAI EXECS WARN OF RISK OF EXTINCTION FROM ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
IN NEW OPEN LETTER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/05/openai-execs-warn-of-risk-of-extinction-from-artificial-intelligence-in-new-open-letter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Center for AI Safety has released a statement signed by several
leaders in the AI field saying that mitigating the risk of extinction
from AI should be a global priority. The open letter doesn't specify
exactly what AI is nor does it suggest how these risks might be
mitigated. The CAIS says it wants to put guardrails in place and set
up institutions so that AI risks don't catch humans off guard. Some
critics say that these companies prioritizing hypothetical future
threats are ignoring and diverting attention away from AI harms that
exist right now. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HACKING MY SMART TOOTHBRUSH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://kuenzi.dev/toothbrush/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The Phillips Sonicare toothbrush contains an NFC tag that communicates
with the toothbrush handle to remind users when it is time to buy a
new one. 

INTELS REVIVAL PLAN RUNS INTO TROUBLE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/zWRxh#selection-241.59-265.42?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Intel has serious issues in terms of leadership, people, and
methodology. 

QR CODE DESIGNER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kochrt/qr-designer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

QR code designer is a web app that allows users to create QR codes
with arbitrary designs in the middle section. 

MACRO-TS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/blainehansen/macro-ts?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

macro-ts is an ergonomic TypeScript compiler that enables typesafe
syntactic macros. 

CHINA LAUNCHES CREWED MISSION TO ITS SPACE STATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/30/china-launches-shenzhou-16-crewed-mission-to-its-space-station.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Shenzhou-16 launched on Tuesday to deliver three crew members to
China's space station. 

STOP BEING A JUNIOR (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://kentcdodds.com/blog/stop-being-a-junior?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This blog post talks about how to stop being a junior and start making
major positive movements in your career. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0fbe4032-ff7b-11ed-aa7a-c39c4f7ed16c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685527225&t=1685532327&s=a043be2190541a11040817bcd219411f32ac1fb9d75c12991c2a5eeb3b81cc92].


¬†