# Articles TLDR 23-03-2023

Mozilla has launched a new AI-focused startup called Mozilla.ai.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6be4acf0-c940-11ed-bc52-8b5b2ab301b9&pt=campaign&t=1679570834&s=e08b89b6d575331750d6470ebc87950b71f3e14e839e08750fca81f0add8dc8d]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-23

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SHOU ZI CHEW‚ÄôS ‚ÄòDEATH WISH‚Äô MISSION: DEFEND TIKTOK ON CAPITOL
HILL (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/gobGy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew is set to appear in front of the US Congress
in his first congressional hearing to address concerns over the
security of TikTok. Some US lawmakers believe TikTok is a Chinese
spying and propaganda machine. Chew has been working to allay
suspicions and convince lawmakers that ByteDance, the parent company
of TikTok, is unconnected to the Chinese government. The outcome of
the case will set a precedent for the ability of US lawmakers to ban
social media companies. 

MOZILLA LAUNCHES A NEW STARTUP FOCUSED ON ‚ÄòTRUSTWORTHY‚Äô AI (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/22/mozilla-launches-a-new-startup-focused-on-trustworthy-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mozilla has launched a new AI-focused startup called Mozilla.ai.
Mozilla.ai's primary goal is to create open source AI that can be
trusted. It is for-profit and was created to address the potential
risks of AI's capabilities such as generating malware, identifying
open-source code exploits, and creating phishing websites. Mozilla
obtained a seed investment of $30 million from the Mozilla Foundation
for this new venture. While it is bound to ethical principles,
Mozilla.ai is open to creating new products and companies as well as
open-source projects. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A HORMONE SHOT HELPED DRUNK MICE SOBER UP QUICKLY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencenews.org/article/hormone-shot-drunk-mice-sober-quickly?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new study has shown that injecting drunk mice with FGF21, a
naturally occurring hormone, can help them sober up twice as fast as
those that didn't receive the hormone. FGF21 is produced by the liver.
It activates nerve cells in the brain, enabling mice to wake up from
drunkenness more quickly. Doctors currently have to wait for patients
with alcohol poisoning to wake up before addressing their symptoms. A
drug that could help people wake up from alcohol poisoning, similar to
how Narcan helps with opioid overdoses, would be a significant
improvement for treating people rushed to the emergency room. 

ANIMALS WITHOUT A BRAIN STILL FORM ASSOCIATIVE MEMORIES (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/03/animals-without-a-brain-still-form-associative-memories/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Animals in the phylum Cnidaria lack a recognizable brain, although
their nerve net performs some similar functions. A study conducted by
European researchers found that cnidarians can learn to respond to
stimuli, despite their lack of specialized brain structures. While the
cnidarians responded to stimuli, it was not in the same way where
animals learn to respond to unrelated cues. The cnidarians interpreted
multiple stimuli as a single trigger. The study suggests that there is
some form of central coordination within cnidarians' nerve nets. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITHUB COPILOT X IS A NEW CHATGPT-LIKE ASSISTANT TO HELP DEVELOPERS
WRITE AND FIX CODE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/22/23651456/github-copilot-x-gpt-4-code-chat-voice-support?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub has released an updated version of its AI-assisted coding
system GitHub Copilot X. The new update includes OpenAI‚Äôs GPT-4
model and a comprehensive chat feature. The chatbot is designed to
recognize and explain code, suggest modifications, and fix bugs.
Copilot X can accept voice commands and answer questions from
voice-based queries. It is currently only available on Microsoft's
Visual Studio and Visual Studio Code apps, but GitHub plans to expand
it to other IDEs in the future. 

YTSAURUS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ytsaurus/ytsaurus?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

YTsaurus is a distributed storage and processing platform for big data
designed to provide a fault-tolerant environment. It features a
multitenant ecosystem, reliability, stability, scalability, and rich
functionality. YTsaurus supports up to 1 million CPU cores and
thousands of GPUs with exabytes of data on different media. It also
has a variety of SDKs and APIs that make it easy to use. 

ISSUE TRACKERS SHOULDN'T BE TECHNICAL DEBT. TRY SHORTCUT (SPONSOR)
[https://shortcut.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=spon_nl&utm_campaign=prospecting&utm_content=TLDR]


Work is frustrating enough. Why make it more frustrating with a slow,
bloated issue tracker? Shortcut is the only solution with integrated
issue tracking and docs allowing you to plan, develop, build, and ship
all in one place. Start building products with a tool that PMs and
Engineers actually enjoy. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE ENGINEERING LEADER URS H√ñLZLE SHARES PLAN ON EFFICIENCY (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/YWp4O?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google engineering head Urs H√∂lzle plans to increase efficiency by
rebalancing the ratio of site reliability engineers to developers
through automation. Site reliability engineers manage operations,
while software engineers work on infrastructure and products. There is
currently one site reliability engineer for every 10 software
engineers. The new target will have one site reliability engineer for
every 20 software engineers. This has sparked speculation of potential
layoffs. 

MEET SHOU ZI CHEW, TIKTOK'S 39-YEAR-OLD CEO WHO GOT HIS START AT
FACEBOOK AND LED A CHINESE SMARTPHONE GIANT THROUGH ONE OF THE BIGGEST
TECH IPOS IN HISTORY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/GYL0c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article goes in-depth about Shou Zi Chew's life and background.
Shou Zi Chew is the CFO of Bytedance and CEO of TikTok. At 39 years
old, he attended Harvard Business School and previously interned for
Facebook during its start-up phase. Prior to joining Bytedance, Chew
was the CFO of Xiaomi and spent two years as an investment banker at
Goldman Sachs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PEBBLE MIGHT BE COMING BACK ‚Äî AS A SMALL ANDROID PHONE (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/22/23595159/pebble-small-android-phone-project-crowdfunding-migicovsky?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Small Android Phone Team is making a small Android phone through a
community-based project. 

SEC THREATENS TO SUE COINBASE OVER STAKING, MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.axios.com/2023/03/22/sec-sue-coinbase-staking-wells-notice?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase received a Wells notice, a formal notice of possible
enforcement action, from the SEC on Wednesday. 

YOU CAN NOW TRY MICROSOFT LOOP, A NOTION COMPETITOR WITH FUTURISTIC
OFFICE DOCUMENTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/22/23651487/microsoft-loop-public-preview-notion-competitor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft Loop is a collaborative hub that can turn any page into a
real-time block of content that can be pasted into Microsoft Teams,
Outlook, Word on the web, and Whiteboard. 

I SAW THE FACE OF GOD IN A SEMICONDUCTOR FACTORY (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/0Jojw?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A look inside Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company's factories. 

‚ÄòGRACEFUL WAY OUT‚Äô: INVESTORS PROPOSE SOME STRUGGLING FOUNDERS
CLOSE SHOP AND RETURN FUNDING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/21/vcs-struggling-founders/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some startups have raised too much and a well-planned exit would be
better for everyone involved. 

MODEL ARBITRAGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/model-arbitrage?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Model arbitrage refers to the practice of leveraging pre-existing
large language models to generate new synthetic datasets for training
other models. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

STICKER MULE - DIRECTOR OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (FULLY REMOTE,
$200,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/director-of-artificial-intelligence/431] 

Sticker Mule is hiring a Director of Artificial Intelligence to build
and direct an 8-15 person AI lab for the Internet's most "kick ass"
brand. 

THE LINUX FOUNDATION - SENIOR MANAGER, MARKETING OPERATIONS (FULLY
REMOTE, $100,000 - $140,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-manager%2C-marketing-operations/432] 

The Linux Foundation is hiring a Senior Manager to work with team
members across numerous open source project communities and meet
strategic goals for an organization that helps open technology
projects build world class open source software, communities, and
companies. 

SPOCKET - FRONTEND ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $36,000 - $47,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/frontend-engineer/430] 

Spocket is hiring a frontend engineer to help solve exciting
challenges and develop a growing platform for a company that is
revolutionizing the world of eCommerce. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6be4acf0-c940-11ed-bc52-8b5b2ab301b9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679565621&t=1679570834&s=729fc1435abf19288a3702e977eb33cc79840c0dec237d61ca34ce2d1ee829c3].


¬†