# Articles TLDR 07-03-2023

Apple is preparing to launch a new batch of Macs sometime between late
spring and summer.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e59e6e9a-bccb-11ed-b437-9d4cfa955540&pt=campaign&t=1678191243&s=0ac9ca5bf4d5c6dddf53ddcefdaea70034c034899bd180aa53951312c886ff8a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Skyflow]
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/rbac-vs-abac-access-control-for-sensitive-data?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-07

RBAC VS ABAC: ACCESS CONTROL FOR SENSITIVE DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/rbac-vs-abac-access-control-for-sensitive-data?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


Data is critical to modern businesses, providing essential insights
for everything from marketing and sales to security and product
design. This puts a huge burden on the people and technologies that
control data access, especially access to sensitive customer data like
names and dates of birth. You‚Äôve heard about role based access
control (RBAC) and attribute based access control (ABAC), but what‚Äôs
the best way to manage access to sensitive data? Learn about the
advantages and limitations of using RBAC and ABAC, and explore
Skyflow‚Äôs access control solution for sensitive data: policy based
access control. Read the blog now
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/rbac-vs-abac-access-control-for-sensitive-data?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR].


üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE PLANS 15-INCH MACBOOK AIR AND MAC PRO FOR SPRING, IMAC LATER
THIS YEAR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/report-apple-plans-15-inch-macbook-air-and-mac-pro-for-spring-imac-later-this-year/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is preparing to launch a new batch of Macs sometime between late
spring and summer. The new devices include a 15-inch MacBook Air, a
Mac Pro refresh, a 24-inch iMac, and a 13-inch MacBook Air. The
15-inch MacBook Air would be a new product category for Apple. The new
iMac, likely to launch in the second half of 2023, could be the first
of Apple's Macs to use its next-generation M3 chip. While it would
look similar to the current M1 model, some of its internal components
will be relocated and redesigned. Apple reportedly developed the next
iMac on the same timeline as the M3 chip. 

MICROSOFT BRINGS AN AI-POWERED COPILOT TO ITS BUSINESS APP SUITE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/06/microsoft-dynamics-copilot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has announced the next generation of AI product updates to
its apps portfolio. The new Copilot feature in Dynamics 365 aims to
automate repetitive tasks in sales and customer service. Power Virtual
Agents' new 'conversation boosters' feature helps chatbots respond to
untrained questions by connecting to knowledge bases. Microsoft's AI
Builder tool has a new GPT model for text generation, which can be
integrated into Power Apps and Power Automate. Copilot will be
released in preview on March 6, and will be included in existing
Dynamics 365 licenses at no extra cost. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A NEW CLASS OF DRUGS FOR WEIGHT LOSS COULD END OBESITY (16 MINUTE
READ)
[https://archive.ph/4eE2y#selection-593.31-593.54?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many celebrities are using a new class of weight-loss drugs to keep
their figures slim. Obesity is a common health issue, with costs
increasing faster in poorer nations. Processed food and sedentary
lifestyles have contributed significantly to the obesity epidemic.
Medication may not be a suitable long-term solution as patients can
become reliant on them. Doctors remain cautious of the long-term use
of these drugs due to a lack of data regarding lifelong usage.
Reducing global obesity by just 5% could lead to annual global savings
of $429 billion. 

"PLASTICOSIS:" NEW DISEASE IN BIRDS HIGHLIGHTS DANGERS OF
MICROPLASTICS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/biology/plasticosis-new-disease-microplastics-birds/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists have identified a new disease caused by plastic waste in
the environment called plasticosis. Although the disease is currently
only found in the digestive tracts of seabirds, it is suspected it
affects other species and body parts due to the widespread use of
plastic in our modern world. Plastic lodged in the digestive tracts of
birds leads to chronic inflammation, scarring, and digestive gland
stunting, which may affect vitamin absorption and cause vulnerability
to infections and parasites. Plasticosis was named after other
fibrotic diseases caused by inorganic materials such as silicosis and
asbestosis. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

BIG TRANSITIONS IN THE TECH INDUSTRY (1 HOUR READ)
[https://pages.hired.email/rs/289-SIY-439/images/Hired_2023%20State%20of%20Software%20Engineers.pdf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This is Hired's 2023 State of Software Engineers report. The report
aims to help talent professionals and software engineers understand
the hiring climate as well as what‚Äôs top of mind for employers and
engineers. It covers the impact that last year's layoffs had on the
job market, remote pay, the most in-demand skills, the highest-paying
markets, and more. 

RUX (F MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/camertron/rux?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Rux is a tool that allows users to write HTML tags in Ruby code. It is
based on JSX and compatible with Rails through the use of the
rux-rails gem. The flexibility of rux means that any valid Ruby
statements can be used with it. It supports unlimited embedding, but
excessive use is not recommended. 

CAPTURE THE FLAG 101 WORKSHOP: SOLVE YOUR FIRST CTF HACKING CHALLENGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://go.snyk.io/capture-the-flag-101-workshop.html?utm_campaign=ctf-101_03-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=capture-the-flag-101-workshop]


Want to get started with Capture the Flag security competitions? Snyk
is hosting a hands-on, virtual workshop to teach you how to solve web
& pwn CTF challenges. Gain the security skills and experience you need
to compete in CTFs. Register today
[https://go.snyk.io/capture-the-flag-101-workshop.html?utm_campaign=ctf-101_03-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=capture-the-flag-101-workshop]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A PRIVACY HERO'S FINAL WISH: AN INSTITUTE TO REDIRECT AI'S FUTURE (4
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/lViGi?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Peter Eckersley was a web encryption pioneer. The AI Objectives
Institute (AOI), has taken on Eckersley's work to redirect the future
of artificial intelligence away from destructive forces. Eckersley
envisioned AOI as a hub for major AI labs to come together and
incubate ideas that actively contribute to human flourishing. AI has
the potential to amplify existing global issues such as environmental
destruction, exploitation of the poor, and rampant nationalism. Rather
than attempting to restrict AI's progress, AOI aims to steer AI
towards a better future by channeling its efforts to help alleviate
current global issues. 

HOW A SINGLE ENGINEER BROUGHT DOWN TWITTER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/6/23627875/twitter-outage-how-it-happened-engineer-api-shut-down?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter users faced a series of issues on Monday, including error
messages and images not loading. The company later explained that this
was due to the shutdown of free access to the Twitter API, which ended
third-party clients and greatly limited the ability of researchers to
study the network. The company has been working on a new paid API for
developers but only one engineer is working on the project. This
engineer made a configuration change which broke the Twitter API,
leading to the breakdown of internal tools along with public-facing
APIs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STEALTHY UEFI MALWARE BYPASSING SECURE BOOT ENABLED BY UNPATCHABLE
WINDOWS FLAW (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/unkillable-uefi-malware-bypassing-secure-boot-enabled-by-unpatchable-windows-flaw/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have discovered the world's first-known instance of
real-world malware that can hijack a computer's boot process even when
Secure Boot and other advanced protections are enabled and running on
a fully updated version of Windows. 

THE AI FUTURE OF FRONTEND DEVELOPMENT (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://drublic.de/blog/ai-future-of-frontend-engineering?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look at the impacts of AI on engineering and the future of working
in the engineering field. 

MICROSOFT MAKES OUTLOOK FOR MAC FREE TO USE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/6/23626922/microsoft-outlook-mac-free-app?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Outlook for Mac, which has been optimized for M1 and M2 chips and
supports handoff with iOS, is now available for free in Apple's App
store. 

THE WALUIGI EFFECT (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/D7PumeYTDPfBTp3i7/the-waluigi-effect-mega-post?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at some of the strange behaviors in large language
models and their variants. 

RUNNING YOUR ENGINEERING ONBOARDING PROGRAM (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/engineering-onboarding-programs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It can take months for new engineers to become fully productive, but
the process can be streamlined for success with a proper onboarding
program. 

GOOGLE CEO DEFENDS DESK-SHARING POLICY, SAYS SOME OFFICES ARE LIKE A
'GHOST TOWN' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/06/google-ceo-defends-desk-sharing-policy-says-offices-like-ghost-town.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some of Google's offices are practically empty and real estate is
expensive. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

INNOVATEEDU - SENIOR DATA ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $110,000 - $140,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-data-engineer/361] 

InnovateEDU is hiring a Senior Data Engineer to manage and supervise a
team of engineers and data analysts for a non-profit whose mission is
to eliminate the opportunity gap by accelerating innovation in
standards-aligned, next-generation learning models and tools. 

STICKER MULE - SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $135,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/site-reliability-engineer/346] 

Sticker Mule is hiring a Site Reliability Engineer to work for the
Internet‚Äôs best printing company. 

KLAVIYO - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEERING -
SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEERING - SECURITY
(BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS, $168,000 - $193,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-site-reliability-engineering---security/355]


Klaviyo is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to ship foundational
services for a world-leading database analytics and marketing
automation platform. 

FORTO LOGISTICS AG & CO. KG. - SENIOR BACKEND ENGINEER - SENIOR
BACKEND ENGINEER - ACCOUNT MASTER DATA TEAM (BERLIN, BERLIN, GERMANY,
)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-engineer---account-master-data-team/360]


Forto Logistics is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer to design, build,
and maintain highly scalable and available software for a company that
provides customer-focused tech-enabled logistics services. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e59e6e9a-bccb-11ed-b437-9d4cfa955540&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678186819&t=1678191243&s=3e87250188fe241c33a49c73985d28bd55f5740a4c6b2e1eddde35d6c11a5c9a].


¬†