# Articles TLDR 11-09-2023

Elon Musk apparently vetoed plans for Tesla to build a $25,000
electric car in favor of developing robotaxis¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4b0459e4-5078-11ee-97e0-25502967a65b&pt=campaign&t=1694429023&s=8a126ff383576f17a78dcaf8e568f425089ffe8e99dc81b2c711a8fd210ce391]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-11

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INSIDE TESLA'S DECISION TO BUILD A $25,000 "GLOBAL CAR" (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.axios.com/2023/09/08/tesla-musk-global-electric-car-robotaxis?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Elon Musk apparently vetoed plans for Tesla to build a $25,000
electric car in favor of developing robotaxis. He finally relented
when aides revealed a plan to build both a robotaxi and an inexpensive
small car side by side. A $25,000 electric car would be a game changer
for the auto industry. Tesla's Master Plan always called for using
money made from early models to bring down the cost of future
vehicles. 

WHAT TO EXPECT FROM APPLE'S 'WONDERLUST EVENT' THIS WEEK: IPHONE 15,
APPLE WATCH ULTRA 2, AIRPODS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/every-product-were-expecting-at-apples-september-event-iphone-15-apple-watch-ultra-2-airpods/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple will likely unveil this year's newest iPhones, Apple Watches,
and AirPods at its fall event on Tuesday. This page contains a list of
the products expected to be announced at the event along with industry
reports, analyses, and the latest rumors. It also discusses what
likely won't be unveiled at the event but may appear in the near
feature. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AT LEAST 5 PEOPLE HAVE BEEN CURED OF HIV. IS THE AIDS PANDEMIC ENDING?
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/cured-of-hiv?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The life expectancy of someone in the US infected with HIV is
currently about the same as the rest of the population. This is
largely due to antiretroviral therapy, a daily treatment regimen that
decreases the level of HIV in a person's blood to the point it's no
longer detectable or transmittable. There have been a handful of
people over the last couple of decades that have been able to reach
undetectable HIV levels while off treatment, essentially meaning
they've been cured of the disease. New universal cures are now on the
horizon. 

THE FIRST EXPERIMENT TO PRODUCE OXYGEN ON ANOTHER PLANET HAS COME TO
AN END (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://edition.cnn.com/2023/09/07/world/nasa-mars-moxie-perseverance-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Mars Oxygen In-Situ Resource Utilization Experiment (MOXIE) has
come to an end. It exceeded NASA's initial goals, demonstrating
capabilities that could help future astronauts explore Mars. It will
also make it possible to generate oxygen for powering spacecraft.
MOXIE has generated 122 grams of oxygen since the experiment kicked
off two years ago. It works by converting Mars' plentiful carbon
dioxide into oxygen. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

BUN 1.0 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://bun.sh/blog/bun-v1.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bun is an all-in-one toolkit for running, building, and debugging
JavaScript and TypeScript. Version 1.0 is now available. Bun is a
drop-in replacement for Node.js and a JavaScript bundler with an
esbuild-compatible plugin API. It also functions as an npm-compatible
package manager and a Jest-compatible test runner. Bun can run
virtually any Node.js application in the wild. 

NGINX UNIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nginx/unit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

NGINX Unit is a universal web app server that serves static media
assets and runs application code in seven languages. It is intended as
a universal building block for any web architecture. NGINX Unit's
native RESTful JSON API enables dynamic updates with zero
interruptions and flexible configuration. It has a complex
asynchronous multithreading architecture that ensures security and
robustness. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FLEXPORT FOUNDER RESCINDS DOZENS OF JOB OFFERS TO GET ‚ÄòHOUSE IN
ORDER‚Äô DAYS AFTER CEO PUSHED OUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/08/flexport-founder-rescinds-dozens-of-job-offers-to-get-house-in-order-days-after-ceo-pushed-out/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Flexport founder Ryan Petersen has rescinded dozens of employment
offers two days after Dave Clark's departure as CEO. Petersen says
that the company is also looking to lease out office space. The moves
are intended to get company costs under control. It appears that
Flexport is now shifting from a growth at any cost strategy to curbing
spending and becoming profitable. 

HOW ELON MUSK SET TESLA ON A NEW COURSE FOR SELF-DRIVING (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/09/ai-for-cars-walter-isaacson-biography-of-elon-musk-excerpt.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains an adapted excerpt from Walter Isaacson's
biography of Elon Musk. The book is set to be published on September
12. This chapter describes Musk's involvement with the company's Full
Self-Driving (FSD) project. The newest version of FSD imitates what
humans do. This presents some issues, as even the best drivers fudge
traffic rules. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

JAPAN JOINS MOON RACE WITH SUCCESSFUL ROCKET LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-66737048?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Japan has successfully launched a rocket with a lunar lander - the
lander will attempt a Moon landing in February if all goes well. 

THE DECOMPOSITION OF ROTTEN TOMATOES (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vulture.com/article/rotten-tomatoes-movie-rating.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Studios can game Rotten Tomatoes and boost movie ratings. 

ELYSIA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/elysiajs/elysia?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Elysia is a fast and friendly Bun web framework that automatically
infers types from code. 

WHY PRICES ARE STILL GOING UP WHEN COMPANIES ARE SPENDING LESS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vendr.com/blog/price-hikes-continue#costs-are-driving-price-hikes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A look into why software prices are surging despite reduced spending -
software costs are rising as budgets tighten, and companies are still
waiting for long term investments to pay off. 

HOW TO PASS THE INTERVIEW FOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ROLES IN BIG TECH
(32 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lambrospetrou.com/articles/big-tech-software-interviews/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains advice on how to pass job interviews from
someone who has completed more than hundred interviews as an
interviewer at Amazon, Meta, and Datadog. 

REPORT ON FRONTIER MODEL TRAINING (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/nXcHe7t4rqHMjhzau/report-on-frontier-model-training?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This document is a collection of resources on the different aspects of
frontier model training created to help people learn about the field
and use the information to help inform their own models. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4b0459e4-5078-11ee-97e0-25502967a65b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694426428&t=1694429023&s=b827f2cd8c62936f73404700e41436a393ef3644c2abe784087d096350d1ee96].