# Articles TLDR 06-09-2023

Apple is developing a low-cost MacBook series to compete with
Chromebook models.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=07e09e18-4c8e-11ee-94b1-5fd1a1be5600&pt=campaign&t=1693997016&s=1b7050f3521d53e31908e4dffcf924b41aff506675c15621cef3d0b3cb7b465d]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [JetBrains]
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906]

TLDR 2023-09-06

üÜï QODANA: A NEW STATIC CODE ANALYSIS ENGINE BY JETBRAINS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906]

JetBrains Qodana is a code quality platform that integrates with any
CI/CD pipeline
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906]
and workflow. Set quality gates, track progress on code improvement,
and automate code reviews. Qodana can analyze code written in Java,
JavaScript, Python, and other popular languages
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906].¬†
What‚Äôs so special about Qodana?

	* DEEP INTEGRATION WITH JETBRAINS IDES. Set up Qodana right in your
IDE
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906],
see the server-side scan results, and fix them as you go.
	* INTERACTIVE REPORTS AND LOVELY UI. Built on the signature sunburst
diagram.
	* ADVANCED CODE INSPECTIONS. Including experimental features such as
license checks and vulnerability detection.
	* COST-EFFICIENT LICENSE STRUCTURE. Qodana doesn‚Äôt count lines of
code and won't charge you for building your project.

_üè∑Ô∏è Limited time offer: Get a __50% discount_
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906&utm_content=qodana_general]_
on Qodana‚Äôs most advanced plan! __Now only $7.50 per active
contributor_
[https://www.jetbrains.com/qodana/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=qodana_0906&utm_content=qodana_general]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE TO LAUNCH 'LOW-COST' MACBOOK SERIES NEXT YEAR TO RIVAL
CHROMEBOOKS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/09/05/apple-low-cost-macbook-rival-chromebook/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is developing a low-cost MacBook series to compete with
Chromebook models. The new line could be launched as early as the
second half of 2024. It will have a metal casing made out of different
materials from other MacBooks. Educational institutions have rapidly
adopted Chromebooks over the last few years compared to iPads. This is
the first rumor regarding the new MacBook series, so expectations
should remain guarded.

GOOGLE‚ÄôS LATEST ANDROID FEATURE UPDATES COME WITH A REFRESHED LOGO
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/5/23854729/google-android-logo-update-quarterly-feature-drop-at-a-glance-widget?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is rolling out new updates to its mobile apps and services. The
At a Glance widget will offer more helpful information about events,
travel, and local weather. Wallet will be updated to make it easier to
upload passes with barcodes or QR codes. The Lookout app will be able
to describe scenes intelligently and answer follow-up questions.
Android Auto is getting the ability to join audio-only Zoom and Webex
calls. The Android logo has been redesigned.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

IT‚ÄôS TIME TO PUT OCEANS TO THE TEST IN THE CLIMATE FIGHT, SCIENTISTS
SAY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/5/23854171/ocean-climate-change-action-carbon-removal-letter-scientists?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

More than 200 scientists have signed a letter calling for responsible
research into ways to trap carbon dioxide in oceans. The group wants
to take urgent action on the climate crisis without triggering any new
problems by using oceans to help the fight. There are a lot of
unknowns about the side effects of adding more carbon dioxide into the
sea. The letter calls for controlled field trials to evaluate carbon
removal strategies, third-party reviews of trial results, and
safeguards to prevent unintended or adverse consequences.

ADULT CORALS HAVE BEEN SAFELY FROZEN AND REVIVED FOR THE FIRST TIME (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencenews.org/article/adult-coral-frozen-survive-climate-change?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of researchers from Texas A&M University in College Station
successfully froze and revived small colonies of mature corals for the
first time. The revived coral in the study only survived a few days
after thawing due to stress from the process. Cryopreserving chunks of
living corals could save them from extinction. Corals are dying and
coral reproduction is struggling due to warming seas and acidity from
human-caused climate change.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

THE ENGINEER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO CAREER GROWTH ‚Äî ADVICE FROM MY TIME AT
STRIPE AND FACEBOOK (33 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/the-engineers-guide-to-career-growth-advice-from-my-time-at-stripe-and-facebook?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Raylene Yung became an engineering manager at Facebook in 2011. She
then moved to Stripe and watched it grow from 200 to over 1,500
employees over the next four years. Yung built Stripe‚Äôs product
management team, defined career growth and recruiting frameworks, ran
the core Payments business, and spun up the company‚Äôs global
engineering hub in Singapore. This article features an interview with
Yung where she discusses career growth for engineers. In the
interview, Yung shares career lessons and covers roadblocks that can
appear at every stage of an engineering career. She also provides
guiding questions to help readers make the right decisions.

OPENTF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/opentffoundation/opentf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenTF is a tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure
safely and efficiently. It can manage popular service providers as
well as custom in-house solutions. OpenTF features Infrastructure as
Code, execution plans, resource graphs, and change automation. It
enables developers to declaratively manage cloud infrastructure.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

EVERY BILLABLE HOUR IS AMATEUR HOUR (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://daedtech.com/every-billable-hour-is-amateur-hour/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Software engineers can become agnostic about business outcomes as they
optimize for versatility and feature shipping efficiency. This can
become an issue if they decide to become freelancers as becoming a
freelancer forces them into a business owner position. Becoming a
professional business owner means becoming an expert in delivering
outcomes that add value. Working by the hour makes this goal harder to
achieve and it also creates a worse experience for both the freelancer
and their clients.

HOW TO DISABLE CHROME‚ÄôS NEW TARGETED AD TRACKING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23860050/chrome-ads-topics-sandbox?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google's new Topics API allows browsers to share information with
third parties about a user's interests while preserving privacy. It is
designed to replace cookies that track users' actions across the
internet. The Topics API was included in Chrome 115. It can be turned
off through the Ad Privacy section in Chrome Settings.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

IPHONE AND IPAD APPS WILL BE AVAILABLE IN THE VISION PRO APP STORE BY
DEFAULT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/5/23860335/apple-iphone-ipad-apps-vision-pro-app-store-default?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple will release the new Vision Pro App Store with the developer
beta of visionOS in the fall.

IF YOU CAN USE OPEN SOURCE, YOU CAN BUILD HARDWARE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://redeem-tomorrow.com/if-you-can-use-open-source-you-can-build-hardware?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Building hardware is easier now than ever before.

PUCK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/measuredco/puck?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

puck is a self-hosted drag-and-drop editor for React.

CHANDRAYAAN-3: ISRO PUTS INDIA'S MOON LANDER AND ROVER IN 'SLEEP MODE'
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-66704451?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

India's Moon lander and rover will fall asleep next to each other once
solar power is depleted and will reawaken when the next lunar day
starts around September 22.

WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE ON POLICY AND GOVERNANCE? BECOME AN EXPERT
IN SOMETHING SPECIFIC AND BORING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://forum.effectivealtruism.org/posts/J7nmbqcWncPMZFhGC/want-to-make-a-difference-on-policy-and-governance-become-an?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This post contains a list of topics that people can study to make the
world safer through policy and governance.

CHIP DESIGN FIRM ARM SEEKS UP TO $52 BILLION VALUATION IN BLOCKBUSTER
U.S. IPO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/05/chip-design-firm-arm-sets-share-price-between-47-and-51-for-blockbuster-us-ipo.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Arm submitted an updated filing for its upcoming IPO, setting a price
range between $47 and $51 - only 9.4% of Arm's shares will be freely
traded on the NASDAQ.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=07e09e18-4c8e-11ee-94b1-5fd1a1be5600&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693994420&t=1693997016&s=1eacc6a9689d251f64a0fb543afd187c149b8a11cc07637d24396a0013fdd3ff].