# Articles TLDR 29-08-2023

Teslas Full Self-Driving (FSD) V12 will not be a beta version.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=68def1ca-4648-11ee-bce6-77efbc63838a&pt=campaign&t=1693305918&s=738ca85a5d04139949090e06ee95a70ce354661519d963799d0b5d007ca70ae9]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Nylas]
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-DSU]

TLDR 2023-08-29

BUILD IN-APP EMAIL AND SCHEDULING FEATURES FOR FREE WITH NYLAS!
(SPONSOR)
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-DSU]

You wouldn't build a payment system from scratch. Nor would you stand
up a completely new SMS tool or identity management solution. So why
would you build embedded email and scheduling capabilities on your
own?
Find out how Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-DSU]
can turn your app into an email and scheduling hub that your users
love:

>>Start building with a free account
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-DSU].
Launch in-app email and calendar features quickly. Connect up to 10
accounts. No credit card required.

>>Replay real demos + customer stories
[https://info.nylas.com/Webinar-Nylas-API-Use-Case.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-webinarreplayusecasewebinar].
Be inspired by real-world email capabilities that drove product
adoption and reduced churn. Easily connect to email service providers
to create embedded, contextual email experiences that users will love.

>>TOMORROW: Join the live customer interview
[https://info.nylas.com/Webinar-TalentReef-customer-story.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-08-29-issue-webinarlivetalentreef].
Learn how TalentReef increased product stickiness with in-app
scheduling and calendar management.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK DEMONSTRATES TESLA FSD 12 IN A LIVE STREAM ON X (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.teslaoracle.com/2023/08/27/elon-musk-demonstrates-tesla-fsd-12-no-code-autopilot-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's Full Self-Driving (FSD) V12 will not be a beta version. The
company rolled out FSD Beta v11.4.7 earlier this week. Tesla has been
criticized for not being able to demonstrate FSD for several years
now, despite Elon Musk's claims about the software back in 2016. Musk
recently live-streamed himself driving his personal Tesla Model S
using FSD V12 on the streets of California. A recording of the full
live stream is available in the article. 

ZUCK SAYS HE CAN TYPE 100WPM INSIDE A VR HEADSET (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849469/zuck-says-he-can-type-100wpm-inside-a-vr-headset?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mark Zuckerberg claims that Meta's new VR keyboard is capable of
120WPM speeds. The software is able to turn any flat surface into a
virtual keyboard. Meta achieved 73WPM typing speed with its 'surface
touch typing' software in 2020. The new virtual keyboard appears to
require a QR-code-like symbol as a positional anchor. A video of
Zuckerberg typing on the keyboard is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX COMPLETES SUCCESSFUL HOT FIRE TEST OF ITS MASSIVE STARSHIP
ROCKET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/starships-next-test-flight-might-be-closer-than-you-think/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX has completed a second hot fire test of its Super Heavy
booster. All 33 Raptor engines ignited during the test and all but 2
ran for the full six-second duration. SpaceX still needs to receive
launch approval from the FAA before it can begin its second test
flight of the Starship rocket. It is possible that the launch could
take place as soon as two or three weeks from now, but further delays
are probable. 

THE FIRST OBSERVATION OF NEUTRINOS AT CERN'S LARGE HADRON COLLIDER (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://phys.org/news/2023-08-neutrinos-cern-large-hadron-collider.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Physicists have managed to observe neutrinos inside a particle
accelerator for the first time. While neutrinos are produced
abundantly inside particle accelerators, they have so far been
difficult to observe due to their very weak interactions with other
particles. The neutrinos observed in the study had the highest energy
ever recorded in a laboratory environment. The research could pave the
way for in-depth studies of the properties of neutrinos and aid in the
search for other elusive particles. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

KUBEBLOCKS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/apecloud/kubeblocks?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

KubeBlocks is a Kubernetes operator that manages relational, NoSQL,
vector, and streaming databases on the cloud and on-premise. It is
designed for production purposes. KubeBlocks integrates popular
database engines and provides rich management functions along with
declarative APIs on various infrastructures. It simplifies operations
like upgrading, scaling, monitoring, back up, and restore. 

DLIGHT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dlight-js/dlight?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

DLight is a developer-focused UI rendering library. It features an API
designed to be intuitive and user-friendly. DLight can be used for
both simple and complex websites. It enhances code performance at
compile time and makes code execution speed as close to vanilla
JavaScript as possible even with limited optimization knowledge.
DLight is only 4KB. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE END OF THE GOOGLEVERSE (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23846048/google-search-memes-images-pagerank-altavista-seo-keywords?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google search has reshaped the web into a place for robots. The
emergence of AI is a threat to Google's existence. A growing number of
users are complaining about the quality of Google's search results.
Google's position as the largely invisible force that determines the
ebb and flow of online content is being seriously challenged for the
first time in two decades. This article looks at Google's past, the
company's role in shaping the web, and how things are changing. 

POWER LAWS HAVE MORE POWER THAN YOU THINK (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/power-laws-have-more-power-than-you-think?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The internet both fragments and concentrates attention. Networks are
subject to powerful feedback loops. Algorithms can boost or dampen
social signals. This results in a distribution of consumption where
there are a few massive hits but a lot of randomness in the middle.
While this means that there will likely always be big hits, the cost
of producing one is increasing. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON CEO REPORTEDLY TOLD REMOTE EMPLOYEES: ‚ÄòIT‚ÄôS PROBABLY NOT
GOING TO WORK OUT‚Äô (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849754/amazon-ceo-andy-jassy-remote-employees-return-to-office?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Leaked messages suggest that Amazon may force a 'voluntary
resignation' on employees who refuse to relocate to in-person hubs
where their teams work. 

NVIDIA ON THE MOUNTAINTOP (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/nvidia-on-the-mountaintop/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nvidia has set new company records for revenue and the surging
interest in artificial intelligence looks like it will continue to
propell the business forward. 

CHANGING MY RELATIONSHIP WITH GITHUB COPILOT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/changing-my-relationship-with-github-copilot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Developers need to find balance when using tools and not let the tools
control them and their interactions with them. 

GOOGLE AND META ARE THE BEST-PAYING BIG TECH COMPANIES FOR ENGINEERS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849005/google-meta-best-paying-big-tech-engineers-blind-survey?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple and Microsoft pay the least for entry-level engineers on average
and promotions can take longer to achieve at Amazon. 

THE NEW SPREADSHEET? OPENAI INTRODUCES CHATGPT ENTERPRISE FOR
BUSINESSES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/08/the-new-spreadsheet-openai-introduces-chatgpt-enterprise-for-businesses/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ChatGPT Enterprise offers unlimited access to GPT-4 at faster speeds,
extended context windows, encryption, and group account management
features. 

A.I. BRINGS THE ROBOT WINGMAN TO AERIAL COMBAT (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/ai-brings-the-robot-wingman-to-aerial-combat/ar-AA1fQ38p?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Air Force's XQ-58A Valkyrie aircraft, which is run by artificial
intelligence and powered by a rocket engine, can fly a distance equal
to the width of China and carry missiles capable of hitting targets
far beyond its visual range. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=68def1ca-4648-11ee-bce6-77efbc63838a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693303220&t=1693305918&s=6a0addbb66d838004aba3462864089544cecff2b676aab886e4439a710201ffc].