# Articles TLDR 28-09-2023

Jony Ive and Sam Altman are reportedly working on the design of a new
AI device.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=08489d0e-5dcf-11ee-9e59-1bc76816976f&pt=campaign&t=1695897892&s=dda6260e5886a34e7b364567463e728d59618ef9faaac06e95c3bc869d7cb910]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

TLDR 2023-09-28

FAST-FORWARD YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH DRATA (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, GDPR‚Ä¶ üòñ
Compliance can grind you to a halt.

The smart thing to do is to automate. For that, there‚Äôs Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

Drata is SaaS that walks you through the compliance journey, step by
step. It automates pretty much all of the manual processes, integrates
with your entire stack, and supports 16+ compliance frameworks.

Time to put security and compliance on autopilot
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
and get back to building.

Whether you‚Äôve already experienced the pain of collecting evidence
for an audit, or just learned what SOC 2 is yesterday, you need Drata
in your life today. Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META CONNECT 2023: EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT QUEST 3 VR,
RAY-BAN SMART GLASSES, AND META AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/27/meta-connect-2023-quest-3-vr-everything-you-need-to-know/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta's annual Connect conference has started, which means lots of new
hardware announcements. This article sums up the most important
announcements from the keynote. The announcements covered the Meta
Quest 3, Xbox Cloud gaming on the Quest, a new foundational model for
image generation called Emu, Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses, and Meta AI. 

JONY IVE AND OPENAI‚ÄôS ALTMAN REPORTEDLY COLLABORATING ON MYSTERIOUS
AI DEVICE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/jony-ive-and-openais-altman-reportedly-collaborating-on-mysterious-ai-device/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Jony Ive and Sam Altman are reportedly working on the design of a new
AI device. It is unclear what the device may be. Many people are
speculating that it is a re-imagining of a smartphone that relies
heavily on generative AI. Masayoshi Son, the CEO of SoftBank, is also
reportedly part of the talks. Not much else is known about the device.


üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

POWERFUL NEW EV CHARGER STARTS FIELD TESTS IN ARIZONA THIS WEEKEND (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/09/powerful-new-ev-charger-starts-field-tests-in-arizona-this-weekend/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Nxu One Charging System is an electric vehicle charger that
supports up to 4.5 MW of bi-directional DC power. It can provide far
more power than any current EV can accept. EV drivers in Mesa, Arizona
with a Combined Charging Standard plug will be able to trial the
system this weekend at power outputs of up to 700 kW. Tesla's North
American Charge Standard plugs will be installed in future charging
stations. Nxu is charging $1 per charge between September 28 and
October 1. 

SCIENTISTS INTRIGUED BY DRUG THAT MIMICS THE EFFECTS OF EXERCISE IN
MICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/exercise-exercise-drug-mice?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A newly developed compound called SLU-PP-332 appears to imbue mice
with the benefits of exercise without physical activity. The drug
appears to lead to a faster metabolism and more energy and endurance.
It works by targeting proteins that activate the body's most
energy-hungry tissues. Research on the compound has so far been
restricted to mouse models only. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

30+ MUST-SEE TALKS ON DATA AND ANALYTICS FROM THIS YEAR‚ÄôS SEMANTIC
LAYER SUMMIT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/2023-semantic-layer-summit-on-demand-sessions/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=ondemand]


Over 9,000 professionals attended this year‚Äôs Semantic Layer Summit
by AtScale
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/2023-semantic-layer-summit-on-demand-sessions/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=ondemand].
At the event, 50+ enterprise data leaders and industry experts
explored the latest in AI, BI, and data engineering, focusing on the
role of the semantic layer in the modern data stack
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/2023-semantic-layer-summit-on-demand-sessions/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=ondemand].
Missed the summit? Watch all the talks on-demand here (free)
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/2023-semantic-layer-summit-on-demand-sessions/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=ondemand]


BINDIFF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/google/bindiff?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

BinDiff is a comparison tool for binary files. It is able to quickly
find differences and similarities in disassembled code. BinDiff helps
researchers identify and isolate fixes for vulnerabilities in
vendor-supplied patches and can be used to port symbols and comments
between disassemblies of multiple versions of the same binary, making
tracking changes over time easier and allowing organizations to retain
analysis results. 

VERTICALIZE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/laurentpayot/verticalize?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Vertical is a pipe-like function for verticalizing JavaScript code. It
makes hard-to-read code less nested and more vertical. Examples are
available in the repository. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MARK ZUCKERBERG ON THREADS, THE FUTURE OF AI, AND QUEST 3 (65 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23889057/mark-zuckerberg-meta-ai-elon-musk-threads-quest-interview-decoder?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article features an interview with Mark Zuckerberg on Threads,
his vision for how generative AI will reshape Meta's apps, the Quest
3, what motivates him, and other news from Meta's Connect conference.
Meta's reputation was in a completely different place a year ago.
Zuckerberg is now dead set on Threads reaching a billion users and is
bullish on decentralized social media. In the near term, he's most
excited about infusing generative AI into Meta's family of apps. 

GOOGLE DEAL MAY HAVE KEPT APPLE FROM BUILDING SEARCH ENGINE, EXEC SAYS
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/09/google-deal-may-have-kept-apple-from-building-search-engine-exec-says/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A provision in Apple's deal with Google requires that Apple defend the
deal should it come under any regulatory challenges. The clause could
color how the court views testimonies given by Apple executives. Apple
petitioned the court to seal off testimony regarding the terms of the
Google default search deal on Monday as it was worried that the
testimony would reveal confidential business information. The amount
of secrecy allowed in the Google antitrust trial is unprecedented. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

üß† THERE‚ÄôS A SMARTER WAY TO GET SMARTER. TRY BRILLIANT FOR FREE
(SPONSOR) [https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

Level up in 5 minutes a day with interactive challenges in math,
logic, CS, and more. Sharpen your mind ‚Äî master new skills ‚Äî
unlock career possibilities. Try Brilliant free for 30 days. 

CHATGPT CAN NOW SEARCH THE WEB IN REAL TIME (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/27/23892781/openai-chatgpt-live-web-results-browse-with-bing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT Plus and Enterprise users can now get answers sourced from the
web - the feature will roll out to other users soon. 

WORKERS AI: SERVERLESS GPU-POWERED INFERENCE ON CLOUDFLARE‚ÄôS GLOBAL
NETWORK (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cloudflare.com/workers-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Workers AI is an AI Inference-as-a-Service platform powered by a
global network of GPUs that enables developers to run AI models with
just a few lines of code. 

COMPUTER SCIENCE IS NO LONGER A SAFE MAJOR (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://biz.crast.net/computer-science-is-no-longer-a-safe-major/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The introduction of AI may mean that the subject that a student
decides to major in is less important than their ability to think
conceptually about the various problems the technology can solve. 

MISTRAL AI MAKES ITS FIRST LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL FREE FOR EVERYONE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/27/mistral-ai-makes-its-first-large-language-model-free-for-everyone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mistral has released its 7B model totally free to use without any
restrictions. 

LIVE NEAR YOUR FRIENDS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://headlineshq.substack.com/p/issue-no-029-live-near-your-friends?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Having deep relationships is strongly correlated with health and
happiness - Live Near Friends is a project that helps people live
within a five-minute walk from a close friend or family member. 

PERHAPS AI IS MODERN ALCHEMY. AND THAT‚ÄôS NOT A BAD THING (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thealgorithmicbridge.substack.com/p/perhaps-ai-is-modern-alchemy-and?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


While the field of AI could currently be described as unscientific,
that doesn't mean that it might not evolve into something more
scientific in the future - alchemy paved the way for modern chemistry
after all. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=08489d0e-5dcf-11ee-9e59-1bc76816976f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695895221&t=1695897892&s=a061b3e2ec51c6863001a856813b93f9bf0d565c7f279cc6c20c4862da5766f4].