# Articles TLDR 01-02-2023

Instagrams co-founders have announced Artifact, a personalized news
feed that uses machine learning to understand users.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6d4a4a46-a203-11ed-830b-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&t=1675253162&s=503461c9c9db08f1d6c817296ead974f0e64fee135b386b29a2523ef340e7b84]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Firehydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/reports/incident-benchmarks/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=incident-benchmark-report]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-01

WHAT 50,000 INCIDENTS REVEAL ABOUT THE STATE OF INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
(SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/reports/incident-benchmarks/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=incident-benchmark-report]


Jump into the industry‚Äôs first Incident Benchmark Report
[https://firehydrant.com/reports/incident-benchmarks/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=incident-benchmark-report]
and uncover the patterns and trends that can help you level up how you
manage and learn from incidents at your organization.
Discover insights that will give you a blueprint for evaluating your
incident management program, like:

	*
What behaviors make a notable difference in MTTR,

	*
What days and times incidents most often occur,

	*
How long the average response effort takes by severity level,

	*
The best responder team size, and more.

Check out the free Incident Benchmark Report here
[https://firehydrant.com/reports/incident-benchmarks/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=incident-benchmark-report].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS CO-FOUNDERS ARE BACK WITH ARTIFACT, A KIND OF TIKTOK FOR
TEXT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/31/23579552/artifact-instagram-cofounders-kevin-systrom-mike-krieger-news-app?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, Instagram's co-founders, have
announced Artifact, a personalized news feed that uses machine
learning to understand users. Its systems are optimized to measure how
long users spend reading about various subjects to reward more deeply
engaging material. Artifact's waitlist is now open and the company
plans to let users in quickly. The app is available for both Android
and iOS. A link to the waitlist is available in the article. 

OPENAI RELEASES TOOL TO DETECT AI-GENERATED TEXT, INCLUDING FROM
CHATGPT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/31/openai-releases-tool-to-detect-ai-generated-text-including-from-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has launched a tool that attempts to differentiate between text
written by humans and AI-generated text. Its success rate is around
26%, but OpenAI argues that it can be used with other methods to help
prevent abuse of AI text generators. The tool incorrectly labels
human-written text as AI-generated 9% of the time. It requires at
least 1,000 characters, or 250 words of text, to run. OpenAI released
the tool to get feedback on whether these types of tools are useful
and to improve its method. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

COMPANIES ALREADY HAVE THE ABILITY TO DECODE YOUR BRAINWAVES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/a42626684/artificial-intelligence-can-decode-your-braninwaves/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some companies are already likely testing technology used to decode
our brainwaves. AI has enabled advances in brainwave decoding
technology that were never before thought possible. AI-powered sensors
can pick up EEG signals using wearable devices and decode emotional
states, concentration levels, simple shapes, and pre-conscious
responses to numbers. Surveillance of the human brain could
revolutionize the workplace and bring positive change to people's
lives, but it could also be used to control and exploit people. 

GENE EDITING COMPANY HOPES TO BRING DODO ‚ÄòBACK TO LIFE‚Äô (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/jan/31/gene-editing-company-hopes-to-bring-dodo-back-to-life?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Colossal Biosciences is a gene editing company that wants to revive
the dodo. Dodos were closely related to pigeons. They were last seen
in the 17th century. Gene editing techniques will have to be adapted
for external eggs for the project. The researchers will be able to
work with pigeon eggs. If successful, Colossal wants to attempt to
rewild the birds in Mauritius, where they originally lived. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GIT-HEAT-MAP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jmforsythe/Git-Heat-Map?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Git-Heat-Map can create heatmaps for repositories and highlight files
that specific users change the most. It scans through git histories to
create a database that allows developers to keep track of which files
or commits changed the repository the most. The database is used to
generate an SVG image that represents a treemap of the file system. 

CANONICAL ESLINT CONFIG (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gajus/eslint-config-canonical?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This package contains comprehensive ESLint configurations for many
types of projects. Canonical consists of over 1,000 rules aimed at
reducing noise in code version control. Overrides can be used to only
apply relevant style guides to reduce linting time and number of
false-positives. 

FREE O'REILLY EBOOK: NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING WITH TRANSFORMERS
(SPONSOR)
[https://landing.deepset.ai/natural-language-processing-with-transformers-oreilly?utm_campaign=2023%20O%27Reilly%20Ebook%20Chapter%20Sponsorship&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email]


Learn how the Transformer models work and build a question answering
system based on retriever-reader architecture using open source
Haystack NLP framework by deepset.
Get your free ebook chapters on deepset.ai (107 pages).
[https://landing.deepset.ai/natural-language-processing-with-transformers-oreilly?utm_campaign=2023%20O%27Reilly%20Ebook%20Chapter%20Sponsorship&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE RACE OF THE AI LABS HEATS UP (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/2VZLV?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

ChatGPT attracted 1 million users within five days of its launch in
November, making it one of the fastest consumer product launches ever.
It is transforming how the tech sector thinks about innovation and its
engines. Labs are now competing fiercely to gain the upper hand in the
race for AI supremacy. The winner of the race will decide how quickly
AI will become commonplace and who will dominate it. There is
currently no clear leader as the researchers from competing labs are
in close contact and many advances are made public. 

THE SPACEPORT AT THE EDGE OF THE WORLD (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/V6vs5?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Melness is a small Scottish town along the desolate northern
shoreline. The local development board, in collaboration with the UK
government, suggested building a spaceport on the empty peatland
behind the town. This would give the UK the opportunity to become the
first European country to launch a small satellite. After careful
consideration, the town held a vote to decide whether they would
support it, with the majority voting in favor of the project.
Construction of the spaceport is set to begin later this year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TIRED OF DOOMSCROLLING? BUILD A DAILY LEARNING HABIT INSTEAD (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

Brilliant‚Äôs bite-sized interactive lessons make it easy (but not too
easy) to sharpen your math and science skills in just a few minutes a
day. Join now to claim a 20% discount for TLDR readers
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

PIKAOS IS A NEXT-GEN LINUX DISTRIBUTION AIMED SPECIFICALLY TOWARD
GAMERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/pikaos-is-a-next-gen-linux-distribution-aimed-specifically-toward-gamers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An overview of PikaOS that shows its unique features targeted at
gamers. 

MARKO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/marko-js/marko?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Marko extends the HTML language to allow the building of modern
applications in a declarative way. 

SETTING ENGINEERING ORG VALUES (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/setting-engineering-org-values/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is challenging to use values to operate a company. 

PAYPAL TO LAY OFF 2,000 EMPLOYEES IN COMING WEEKS, ABOUT 7% OF
WORKFORCE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/31/paypal-to-lay-off-2000-employees-in-coming-weeks-about-7percent-of-workforce.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


PayPal's third-quarter earnings report saw the company beat
expectations on earnings and revenue, but its Q4 revenue estimate was
lower than anticipated, causing shares to drop. 

CHATGPT UPDATE: IMPROVED MATH CAPABILITIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.searchenginejournal.com/chatgpt-update-improved-math-capabilities/478057/#close?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The January 30 release of ChatGPT improves factuality and mathematical
capabilities. 

MY BIGGEST REACT APP PERFORMANCE BOOST WAS A BACKEND CHANGE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/my-biggest-react-app-performance-boost-was-a-backend-change/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Removing some dead code improved performance by up to 1 second per API
request. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

DATALOGIC RECRUITMENT - CHIEF DATA SCIENTIST (NEW YORK, $200000 -
$300000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/chief-data-scientist-/245] 

DataLogic Recruitment is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Chief
Data Scientist lead to coordinate data science and data analysis
efforts. The client is a growing research platform that prides itself
on maintaining a family-like small team culture in a high-energy,
high-fun environment. 

FINEXIO - CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER (FULLY REMOTE, $180000 - $225000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/chief-technology-officer/243] 

Finexio is hiring a Chief Technology Officer to help provide an
automated Accounts Payable solution to convert manual paper checks
into electronic payments for medium and large corporates. 

BRANCH POLITICS - FULL-STACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $80000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-software-engineer-(first-hire)/244]


Branch Politics is hiring a Full-Stack Software Engineer to help
reinvent politics from the bottom-up. 

FINEXIO - SENIOR DATA PRODUCT MANAGER (FULLY REMOTE, $120000 -
$150000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-data-product-manager/242] 

Finexio is hiring a Senior Data Product Manager to help provide an
automated Accounts Payable solution to convert manual paper checks
into electronic payments for medium and large corporates. 

SMRT SYSTEMS, INC - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (MALM√ñ, SK√ÖNE COUNTY, SWEDEN,
$60000 - $100000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer/248] 

SMRT Systems, Inc is hiring a Software Engineer to help create
sustainable garment care solutions and digitalize the dry cleaning
industry to improve work-life balance for garment care professionals. 

CYPRESS NORTH - WEB AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (BUFFALO, NEW YORK, $70000
- $100000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/web-and-software-developer/250] 

Cypress North is hiring a Web and Software Developer to create web
applications, customer facing websites, and other software solutions. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6d4a4a46-a203-11ed-830b-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675249239&t=1675253162&s=009d436d104e875f84ecf1f3fc21cc8e0e38b8398dccfd901f6103bea3c2fa5f].


¬†