# Articles TLDR 13-09-2023

The iPhone 15 Pro and Pro Max models will include a new Action button
that replaces the mute toggle.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0fec3612-5210-11ee-b377-8721be93e1d0&pt=campaign&t=1694601821&s=5b1133f4b19a4de6afc32c9fdfd7b1f8fae9758029e5bce26d72dd87ef9cb75d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Merge]
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

TLDR 2023-09-13

HEARD OF MERGE? IT‚ÄôS HOW THE BEST B2B COMPANIES MANAGE INTEGRATIONS
(SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

If you‚Äôre selling B2B software, one of the first questions you‚Äôll
hear is ‚Äúhow does this integrate with our [CRM / ticketing / HR
system]?‚Äù
So you start adding integrations. The first few are easy enough. But
over time, they become a major time sink. Your feature delivery slows
down. Devs get annoyed.

If you‚Äôre thinking: _someone should automate this -_ you‚Äôre
right‚Ä¶

And Merge
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
already has.

It‚Äôs simple: Instead of dealing with dozens of APIs, you build on
Merge‚Äôs unified API
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
and common data model
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary].
Now you can add hundreds of integrations
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
with just a few lines of code.

Calendly, Drata, and Gong are already on board. Start for free with a
special offer for TLDR readers
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE IPHONE 15 EVENT: THE SEVEN BIGGEST ANNOUNCEMENTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23869728/apple-iphone-15-event-announcements-watch-ultra-airpods-pro-usb-c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple announced its latest iPhone lineup, the Watch Series 9, a
second-gen Apple Watch Ultra, a USB-C charging case for the AirPods
Pro, and the release dates for its next round of OS updates at its
Wonderlust event. The new iPhones will have USB-C and feature the
Dynamic Island. The iPhone 15 Pro and Pro Max models will include a
new Action button that replaces the mute toggle. Many more details
about Apple's latest announcements are available in the article. 

WHATSAPP IS WORKING ON CROSS-PLATFORM MESSAGING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/10/23866912/whatsapp-cross-platform-messaging-eu-dma-meta?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

WhatsApp's latest Android beta update contains a new screen called
Third-party chats. The screen is currently not functional and can't be
accessed by users. It is a strong clue that Meta is building
cross-platform compatibility for encrypted messages. Meta's
communication software will need to be interoperable with third-party
messaging apps by March 2024 as the company meets the definition of a
gatekeeper under the EU's Digital Markets Act. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS STUDENT-BUILT EV JUST SET A NEW WORLD RECORD FOR 0‚Äì62 MPH (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/09/this-student-built-ev-just-set-a-new-world-record-for-0-62-mph/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of students from the Academic Motorsports Club Zurich, ETH
Zurich, and the Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts have
built an electric vehicle that can accelerate from 0 to 62 miles per
hour in just 0.956 seconds. The student-built EV can do this with just
326 hp over a distance of 12.3 meters. It only weighs 309 lbs. A video
of the world record attempt is available in the article. 

RESEARCHERS SEQUENCE GENOMES OF RARE PARROT TO HELP IT THRIVE (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/09/genomes-could-help-enigmatic-endangered-nocturnal-parrot-make-a-comeback/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The kƒÅkƒÅp≈ç is a critically endangered species native to New
Zealand. While its populations have risen slowly over the last decade,
the limited genetic diversity in the species' population has made
breeding problematic. Most kƒÅkƒÅp≈ç are severely inbred and
susceptible to disease and infertility. Researchers are now sequencing
the genomes of nearly all existing birds to discover genetic variants
in the population to help preserve the species. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DEATH BY A THOUSAND MICROSERVICES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://renegadeotter.com/2023/09/10/death-by-a-thousand-microservices.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There is no need for every service to be 'micro'. Some startups do
fine with just 'services'. Starting with a monolith is fine. Services
can be branched from the monolith if they take care of a
clearly-identifiable and separately-scalable load. A simple approach
is often a more appropriate choice. 

WHISPER TURBO (GITHUB REPO) [https://bit.ly/3PCj47t]

Whisper Turbo is a drop-in replacement for the OpenAI Whisper API. It
features a smooth compatibility layer for ingesting audio files and
converting them to be Whisper compatible, developer-friendly APIs for
one-shot inference and streaming, and an inference framework for fast,
cross-platform inference. The project is still currently in alpha. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHARTER-DISNEY WINNERS AND LOSERS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/charter-disney-winners-and-losers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Disney and Charter Communications have reached an agreement to restore
popular channels to the cable operator, ending a blackout that lasted
for more than a week. The agreement marks a seminal moment in the
relationship between pay-TV providers and entertainment companies.
Charter appears to be the winner in the standoff as Disney has been
forced to give up its attempt at double-dipping by getting paid by
Charter for channels and charging subscribers directly for the same
content. However, Disney may end up being the long-term winner. More
details about the agreement and its implications are available in the
article. 

THE WAY THAT JENSEN HUANG RUNS NVIDIA IS WILD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/danhockenmaier/status/1701608618087571787?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang believes that the flattest organization is the
most empowering one, so there are no 1:1s in the company and
everything happens in the group setting. There are no status reports
within Nvidia - Huang believes that these are too refined by the time
they get to him. Anyone in the company can email Huang with whatever
is on top of their mind and he will read it. The company doesn't have
any formal planning cycles, but strategy meetings are open to all
employees. Nvidia is optimized for attracting amazing people and
allowing information to travel as quickly as possible. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHINA AI & SEMICONDUCTORS RISE: US SANCTIONS HAVE FAILED (21 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.semianalysis.com/p/china-ai-and-semiconductors-rise?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

US sanctions aimed at limiting Chinese firms' ability to manufacture
high-end chips have clearly failed as China is rapidly developing
exascale supercomputing capabilities - the country has announced its
intent to become the world leader in AI by 2030. 

UNITY HAS CHANGED ITS PRICING MODEL, AND GAME DEVELOPERS ARE PISSED
OFF (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/12/23870547/unit-price-change-game-development?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unity is implementing a pay-per-download pricing scheme that charges
developers a flat fee any time a game using Unity software is
installed starting from January 2024 - these fees will only be applied
to games that meet certain criteria. 

WE BUILT THE FASTEST CI IN THE WORLD. IT FAILED. HERE‚ÄôS WHAT WE
LEARNED (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://earthly.dev/blog/shutting-down-earthly-ci/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at how a team built out a tool that no one wanted,
the lessons the team learned while building the tool, and why the team
decided to shut down the service. 

APPLE‚ÄôS VISION PRO HEADSET IS ON TRACK TO SHIP EARLY NEXT YEAR (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/12/23860400/apple-vision-pro-mixed-reality-headset-release-date?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tim Cook announced that production of the Vision Pro headset is on
track and that the iPhone 15 Pro will be able to capture spatial video
for the headset at the Wonderlust launch event. 

THE RULES OF MARGIN COLLAPSE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/rules-of-margin-collapse/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Margin collapse is when adjacent margins overlap in CSS -
understanding the rules behind this mechanism can make writing CSS
clearer and less surprising. 

UNITED STATES TAKES ON GOOGLE IN BIGGEST TECH MONOPOLY TRIAL OF 21ST
CENTURY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/2023/09/12/1198558372/doj-google-monopoly-antitrust-trial-search-engine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Justice Department claims that Google abused its monopoly power in
its search engine business in the first major monopoly case to make it
to trial in decades. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0fec3612-5210-11ee-b377-8721be93e1d0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694599220&t=1694601821&s=988e22fa090a782a9c2960b4d91ef5d648a66964ec9569c2e7fb20a79f5c86f2].