# Articles TLDR 10-02-2023

OpenAIs technology running in Bing and Edge has the potential to
radically increase productivity.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=88465a0e-a908-11ed-9551-a55638adc169&pt=campaign&t=1676030925&s=a17d38af605cb3b9479a803b601667fabc6349e8ba4d94ada82b914cf6b05653]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=february23]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-10

NON-TOXIC ENGINEERING METRICS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=february23]


Between GitHub and Jira/Linear, engineering teams create a lot of
data. But measuring the wrong things can destroy motivation and
productivity.
Swarmia has identified key metrics
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=february23]
that are more signal than noise (including DORA and SPACE) ‚Äî and
makes them available to engineering leaders, managers, and teams. No
leaderboards, no harmful metrics on individual performance.

Swarmia is trusted by high-performing engineering teams at Vercel,
Outreach, and Blinkist. You can check it out with a 14-day free trial,
a live demo, or the free-forever startup edition for smaller teams.

Learn more about what you can (and can‚Äôt) measure with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=february23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT THINKS AI CAN BEAT GOOGLE AT SEARCH ‚Äî CEO SATYA NADELLA
EXPLAINS WHY (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23589994/microsoft-ceo-satya-nadella-bing-chatgpt-google-search-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft recently announced its new version of the Bing search
engine, which will be powered by OpenAI. OpenAI's technology running
in Bing and Edge has the potential to radically increase productivity.
This article features an interview with Microsoft's CEO, Satya
Nadella. In the interview, Nadella talks about the new integration,
Microsoft's partnership with OpenAI, and why he thinks now is the best
time to go after Google Search. 

‚ÄòAI FIRST‚Äô TO LAST: HOW GOOGLE FELL BEHIND IN THE AI BOOM (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/richardnieva/2023/02/08/google-openai-chatgpt-microsoft-bing-ai/?sh=4eebfac54de4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is scrambling to ship its AI products. The company was beaten
to market in a field it should have dominated by a relatively small
startup. This article talks about the history of Google, AI, and how
Google ended up falling behind in the AI boom. Google had declared
itself to be an 'AI-first' company in 2016. It had a similar
technology to ChatGPT called LaMDA two years ago. Google had many
reasons to keep its AI work under wraps. The company plans to
integrate more AI into its products, starting with its own chatbot
called Bard. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX COMPLETES A HOT FIRE TEST OF ITS MASSIVE SUPER HEAVY ROCKET (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/as-early-as-today-starship-faces-its-final-exam-before-a-launch-attempt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX ignited its Super Heavy rocket for a 'full duration' test of
its Raptor engines at around 3:15 PM local time in South Texas. During
the test, one engine turned off prior to ignition and another stopped
itself. The remaining 31 engines would have provided enough thrust to
reach orbit. The successful completion of the test means that SpaceX
is on track for an orbital test flight in late March or early April. 

NUCLEAR FUSION BREAKTHROUGH WITH WORLD-FIRST ‚ÄòSUPER‚Äô MAGNET (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://news.yahoo.com/nuclear-fusion-breakthrough-world-first-171608055.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tokamak Energy has unveiled a set of 'super' magnets designed for
testing nuclear fusion power plants. The Demo4 magnet has a magnetic
field strength nearly one million times that of the Earth's magnetic
field. It is capable of controlling the hot plasma generated during
the fusion process. Tokamak aims to demonstrate grid-ready fusion in
the early 2030s. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PULL REQUEST MERGE QUEUE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-pull-request-merge-queue-public-beta/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Team Discussions will soon be deprecated on GitHub. There are
individual sunset timelines for GitHub.com, API, and GHES users.
Maintainers can easily migrate existing Team Discussions to
Organization Discussion by clicking a banner on the top of their Team
Discussions page. Organization Discussions now includes features such
as Categories, Category forms, Threaded comments, Q&A features, Polls,
and Labels. Any unmigrated Team Discussions will be available as
read-only raw text following deprecation. 

HOW LEVELS.FYI SCALED TO MILLIONS OF USERS WITH GOOGLE SHEETS AS A
BACKEND (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.levels.fyi/blog/scaling-to-millions-with-google-sheets.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Levels.fyi, a career site with 1-2 million unique site visitors every
month, started in 2017 without a backend. The company used Google
Forms and Google Sheets to move fast in releasing its initial version.
It decided on this strategy to focus more on the product/idea fit,
save effort and money on setting up an API and database server, and to
save effort on operational maintenance. This post looks at
Levels.fyi's strategy and what the company learned from building a
dynamic site without a database or API server. 

CHISELSTRIKE TURSO IS A SQLITE-COMPATIBLE DATABASE THAT RUNS ON THE
EDGE (SPONSOR) [https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr] 

Edge functions should run quickly. But with a traditional centralized
database, the benefits of edge computing are lost in slow network
connections.
Enter ChiselStrike Turso ‚Äî a lightweight edge-native database built
on libSQL, the open contribution fork of SQLite. Turso eliminates
application bottlenecks [https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr] by
putting data close to your application, with low overhead. Query over
HTTP, easily replicate to many regions. Join the beta to build with
Turso [https://chiselstrike.com/?utm_source=tldr]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TALKING TO AI MIGHT BE THE MOST IMPORTANT SKILL OF THIS CENTURY (13
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/xm3Ck?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tech giants are scrambling to release AI products to catch up with
OpenAI's ChatGPT. Deep-learning networks look to be the next frontier
of the commercial internet. Generative AI is set to become the overlay
for many human activities. One of the most vital skills of the 21st
century could be effectively talking to machines. Users will have to
know how to guide machines in order to use these new tools
effectively. 

ASK HN: LAID OFF FOLKS, ARE YOU GETTING HIRED? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=34725047] 

This Hacker News thread checks in on laid-off workers to see how they
are going. Some companies are reporting that while they are actively
hiring, recently laid-off workers weren't interested in working for
them. The layoffs have affected employees of various levels
differently, and not all that were laid off were bottom performers.
There are many replies from job searchers who have had a rough time
trying to find a new position. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MAKE YOUR APP ENTERPRISE READY WITH WORKOS (SPONSOR)
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]


WorkOS APIs enable you to ship complex enterprise features in just
minutes. This means you can focus entirely on core product features
rather than SSO or User Provisioning. Start free today
[https://workos.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-2023]


GPT IN 60 LINES OF NUMPY (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://jaykmody.com/blog/gpt-from-scratch/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This tutorial shows how to implement GPT from scratch in 60 lines of
numpy and how to load trained model weights into the implementation to
generate text. 

AMAZON SECURES KEY FCC APPROVAL TO DEPLOY ITS PROJECT KUIPER BROADBAND
SATELLITES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/amazon-secures-fcc-approval-project-kuiper-broadband-satellites-071817672.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The FCC has authorized Amazon to send 3,236 satellites to orbit to
begin Project Kuiper's satellite internet operations. 

CHATGPT IS A BLURRY JPEG OF THE WEB (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/VbwGB?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

ChatGPT retains much of the information on the Web, but it can only
give an approximation of that information. 

THESE RESEARCHERS WANT TO LAUNCH DUST FROM THE MOON TO HELP COOL THE
EARTH (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/vjbf0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A recently published study used computer simulations to model various
scenarios where massive quantities of dust are used to reduce the
amount of sunlight that reaches Earth. 

SCRT (WEBSITE) [https://scrt.run/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

scrt is a command-line secret manager with an intuitive interface
designed for developers, sysdmins, and devops. 

GITHUB LAYS OFF 10% AND GOES FULLY REMOTE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/09/github-lays-off-10-and-goes-fully-remote/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub will also continue its hiring freeze and make other internal
changes to protect the short-term health of its business. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

ONEBRIDGE BENEFITS - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (NEW YORK, $70,000 - $115,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer/289] 

OneBridge Benefits is hiring a Software Engineer to add features and
maintain software solutions using Microsoft .NET and other related
technologies for a premier healthtech company servicing over 250,000
participants with over 2 billion dollars in health accounts. 

LINEA - SENIOR FULLSTACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER (SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA,
$140,000 - $180,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-fullstack-software-engineer/288] 

Linea is hiring a Senior Fullstack Software Engineer to build a
front-end system and webservices for a fast-growing company of
explorers, engineers, and scientists. 

TLDR MEDIA - TLDR CRYPTO NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $50 -
$150/HR) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-crypto-newsletter-curator/279] 

TLDR Media is hiring a Newsletter Curator to curate the most
interesting stories in Crypto 5 days a week for a daily crypto
newsletter with over 200,000 subscribers. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=88465a0e-a908-11ed-9551-a55638adc169&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676026841&t=1676030925&s=d17dd2a38d67cba329b70a4fbd966747a8b64aa06ced215fb245bed44915d8fd].


¬†