# Articles TLDR 28-08-2023

Apple is planning a major update to the iPad Pro for next year.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ed8b9aac-4582-11ee-923c-47150572f513&pt=campaign&t=1693219395&s=c7942fb614f41155a3124b31f99faf7f6e9e634c45a5a44994342e2163d17dc0]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-08-28

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MAJOR IPAD PRO OVERHAUL PLANNED FOR 2024, INCLUDING NEW MAGIC KEYBOARD
WITH BIGGER TRACKPAD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/27/new-ipad-pro-and-magic-keyboard-features-release/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is planning a major update to the iPad Pro for next year. The
new iPad Pros will have slightly larger OLED displays and a revamped
Magic Keyboard. They will feature M3 chips. The new Magic Keyboard
will have a larger trackpad to make the iPad Pro more like a laptop.
Apple will release the new iPad Pro in the spring or summer of next
year. No updates to the devices are planned between now and then. 

TESLA WINS PERMIT APPROVAL FOR DINER AND DRIVE-IN MOVIE SUPERCHARGER
IN LA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teslarati.com/tesla-supercharger-diner-permit-approved/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla has won permit approval for its Diner and Drive-In Movie
Supercharger in Los Angeles. The site will house 32 Supercharger
stalls, a restaurant, rooftop seating, and two movie theater screens.
It was originally going to be built in Santa Monica. A copy of the
approval documents is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

IBM‚ÄôS AI CHIP MAY FIND USE IN GENERATIVE AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/analog-ai-ibm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

IBM's latest AI chip is more than a dozen times as energy efficient as
conventional microchips on automated transcription tasks. It is
capable of 12.4 trillion operations per second per watt. When tested
on speech recognition tasks, the chip was able to perform as
accurately as neural networks run on conventional hardware while
completing the job seven times as fast and up to 14 more efficiently.
The chip can support transformers and may be beneficial for many types
of AI systems. 

WE ARE NOT EMPTY (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://aeon.co/essays/why-the-empty-atom-picture-misunderstands-quantum-theory?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There are no empty spaces within an atom. The empty atom picture often
shown in popular science is incorrect. It is unclear who created the
myth, but it was popularized in Carl Sagan's Cosmos TV series. This
essay explains why the idea of an empty atom is wrong by carefully
interpreting quantum theory. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITHUB PROFILE TEMPLATE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/BEPb/BEPb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This repository contains a GitHub profile template that can be forked
for personal use. The template provides a quick overview of the user's
skills and activity across GitHub and other platforms using animated
graphs and other components. 

8 REASONS WHY WHATSAPP WAS ABLE TO SUPPORT 50 BILLION MESSAGES A DAY
WITH ONLY 32 ENGINEERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.systemdesign.one/p/whatsapp-engineering?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This post outlines the engineering techniques that WhatsApp used to
scale quickly. WhatsApp was able to support 50 billion messages a day
from 450 million daily active users with only 32 engineers. The
company focused on messaging, its core feature, and eliminated feature
creep at all costs. With this focus, the team was able to prioritize
reliability over everything else. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE STRANGE, SECRETIVE WORLD OF NORTH KOREAN SCIENCE FICTION (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/culture/2023/08/the-strange-secretive-world-of-north-korean-science-fiction/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the history of North Korean Sci-Fi and how it
changed throughout the decades. North Korean Sci-Fi has its roots in
Soviet literature. Kim Il-sung, the founder of North Korea, thought
that literature could be used to push propaganda and recommended that
authors translate Soviet works. They were also told to write their own
stories depicting a thriving communist society. 

WORDPRESS NOW OFFERS A 100-YEAR PLAN FOR DOMAINS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/wordpress-100-year-plan?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

WordPress has a new plan that allows users to register and host their
websites for a century. It is aimed at providing companies and
families a way to preserve content beyond a generation. The plan
includes unmetered bandwidth and 24/7 personalized support. It costs
$38,000. WordPress will keep multiple backups of the content across
distributed data centers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TECH ELITES PLOT NEW INVENTION: A NORTH BAY CITY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marinij.com/2023/08/25/the-silicon-valley-elite-who-want-to-build-a-city-from-scratch/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The group had plans to transform tens of thousands of acres to create
a city that would generate thousands of jobs and be as walkable as
Paris. 

X OFFICIALLY TAKES ON LINKEDIN WITH ITS NEW JOB POSTING FEATURE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://bgr.com/business/x-officially-takes-on-linkedin-with-its-new-job-posting-feature/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

X has rolled out its Hiring feature in beta and job postings are
already showing up on some accounts. 

THE FIRST OBSERVATION OF NEUTRINOS AT CERN'S LARGE HADRON COLLIDER (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://phys.org/news/2023-08-neutrinos-cern-large-hadron-collider.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Neutrinos are tiny and neutrally charged particles that are estimated
to be some of the most abundant particles in the universe, but
observing them has so far proved to be highly challenging. 

INSTACART FILES TO GO PUBLIC ON NASDAQ TO TRY AND UNFREEZE TECH IPO
MARKET (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/25/instacart-files-to-go-public-on-nasdaq-to-unfreeze-tech-ipo-market.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Instacart's IPO may be the first significant venture-backed tech IPO
since December 2021. 

COULD SAND BE THE NEXT LITHIUM? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/could-sand-be-the-next-lithium/ar-AA1fIlmY?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sand is abundant and able to store energy with almost no limits. 

PREPARING FOR COMMERCIAL CHIPLETS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://semiengineering.com/preparing-for-commercial-chiplets/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains excerpts from a live discussion about the path
to commercialization of chiplets with several major figures in the
industry. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ed8b9aac-4582-11ee-923c-47150572f513&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693216839&t=1693219395&s=bf1de2e8fef057840fb4944a336144807ea845be9ba3f3de09f703d78f201121].