# Articles TLDR 22-08-2023

Arm filed for its initial public offering yesterday.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=46166de4-40b7-11ee-8a36-c582d4d9bb55&pt=campaign&t=1692701022&s=b2261ac16e5dcda0948fe24f26929c3a3f42c5ab395ba16dc8896b271419d933]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH¬† [Pieces]
[https://code.pieces.app/blog/introducing-pieces-copilot?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-copilot-promotion]

TLDR 2023-08-22

Q&A: HOW WE BUILT A HYPER-CONTEXTUAL, ON-DEVICE CODING COPILOT
(SPONSOR)
[https://code.pieces.app/blog/introducing-pieces-copilot?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-copilot-promotion]


Developers LOVE generative AI‚Ä¶
With AI, devs are writing more code than ever. And development
materials aren‚Äôt just in the IDE ‚Äî they‚Äôre all over the place
(Notebooks, browsers, screenshots‚Ä¶)

This is where most copilots fall short. You need a tool that can help
you _curate_ and understand the increasingly complex workflows where
code is generated.

And that‚Äôs exactly what Pieces for Developers built
[https://code.pieces.app/blog/introducing-pieces-copilot?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-copilot-promotion].

Join this live Q&A session to learn about the process of building the
Pieces Copilot
[https://pieces.app/ama?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-copilot-promotion]
+ a live demo: SETTING CUSTOM CONTEXT, MULTIMODAL INPUTS, ON-DEVICE
FUNCTIONALITY, IDE INTEGRATIONS‚Ä¶

üëâ¬†Register for the live Q&A here üëà
[https://pieces.app/ama?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-copilot-promotion]

(Psst: Submit questions in advance for a chance to win $100 üëÄ)

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

WHAT ARM‚ÄôS EXPECTED DEBUT MEANS FOR THE IPO MARKET AND SOFTBANK (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/21/arm-ipo-what-it-means-for-ipo-market-softbank.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Arm filed for its initial public offering (IPO) yesterday. Its sale
will be a major test for the IPO market, which has been heavily
affected by rising interest rates. Arm is one of the most important
companies in tech. Its chip designs are found in nearly every
smartphone in the world. SoftBank, which owns Arm, is aiming to bounce
back from a grim tech market and pivot its focus to artificial
intelligence. 

SPACEX‚ÄôS NEW BANDWAGON PROGRAM IS A BIG THREAT TO SMALL LAUNCH
PROVIDERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/18/spacexs-new-bandwagon-program-is-a-big-threat-to-small-launch-providers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX is expanding its Rideshare program to meet the demand for
launches to mid-inclination orbits. The new program was quietly
announced at a space industry conference earlier this month.
Mid-inclination orbits are appealing to a growing number of customers.
SpaceX currently has four mid-inclination orbit missions booked
between 2024 and 2025. The new Rideshare program could be a major
threat to small launch providers. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

PIONEERING WIND-POWERED CARGO SHIP SETS SAIL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-66543643?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Pyxis Ocean, chartered by shipping firm Cargill, has set out on
its maiden voyage. The ship has wind-powered sails that are designed
to cut fuel consumption. It will travel from China to Brazil to test
the technology and provide an opportunity to assess whether
traditional methods of propelling ships could be the way forward for
moving cargo at sea. The sails could help save 20 tonnes of CO2 per
day per ship. 

CHINA KEEPS BUYING HOBBLED NVIDIA CARDS TO TRAIN ITS AI MODELS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/08/china-keeps-buying-hobbled-nvidia-cards-to-train-its-ai-models/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


China's leading tech companies have placed orders for $5 billion worth
of chips from Nvidia, despite the fact that the chips have been
deliberately hobbled to limit their capabilities for the Chinese
market. Worries that the US might tighten its export controls further
have prompted more orders. Training requirements for the most advanced
AI systems doubles every six to 12 months, so the gap between chips
sold in China and those available elsewhere will grow quickly. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

LIGHTNING CSS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/parcel-bundler/lightningcss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lightning CSS is an extremely fast CSS parser, transformer, and
minifier. It can be used with Parcel, as a standalone library, as a
command-line tool, or via a plugin with any other tool. Lightning CSS
has typed property values, a browser-grade parser, vendor prefixing,
and more. 

WALK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/antonmedv/walk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Walk is a terminal navigator that is simple and minimalistic that
allows for quick navigation with fuzzy searching. It is a replacement
for cd and ls. Users can open vim right from the walk. GIF examples
are available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CREATOR ECONOMY 2.0: WHAT WE‚ÄôVE LEARNED, WHY IT‚ÄôS HARD, AND
WHAT‚ÄôS NEXT (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://andrewchen.com/creator-economy-20/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There have been many Create Economy startups over the past few years.
The rise of social media platforms has empowered creators to become a
focal point for consumer engagement. These startups promised to help
creators better monetize their audiences. There have been some big
successes, with some companies hitting billions in earnings paid to
creators. This article looks at lessons learned about the dynamics in
this sector and why some startups worked while others lagged behind. 

DON'T FIRE YOUR ILLUSTRATOR (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://sambleckley.com/writing/dont-fire-your-illustrator.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This two-part essay discusses how Stable Diffusion works and predicts
how this technology will be used and by whom. Stable Diffusion was
basically trained to make noisy images clearer. The demand for real
physical art is likely not going to vanish. Physical media will
continue to be used in training generative AIs. Generative AI will
replace a slice of illustration and writing, in particular, the kind
where the content doesn't matter. 

HIRE TOP TECHNICAL TALENT THROUGH TLDR (TLDR JOB LISTINGS)
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466] 

Want to hire top technical talent?
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466] List your
open jobs in TLDR and reach an audience of over a million software
engineers, AI researchers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives, and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. Learn more.
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466] 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ATTIO IS HIRING SENIOR PRODUCT ENGINEERS TO DISRUPT AND REINVENT CRMS
(LONDON/REMOTE IN EU, ¬£90K-¬£125K + OPTIONS) (SPONSOR)
[https://attio.xyz/tldr-engineers] 

Architect new features, lead projects, and make product decisions for
radical new CRM in an open culture (our financials/customer
conversations are open to all team members). Learn more
[https://attio.xyz/tldr-engineers]. 

VISIONSCRIPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/capjamesg/visionscript?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

VisionScript is an abstract programming language built in Python for
doing common computer vision tasks that offers a simple syntax for
running object detection, classification, and segmentation models. 

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS SATYA NADELLA IS WINNING BIG TECH‚ÄôS AI WAR. HERE‚ÄôS
HOW (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90931084/satya-nadella-microsoft-ai-frontrunner?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at Microsoft's work on AI over the last few
decades. 

THE IDEAL VIEWPORT DOESN‚ÄôT EXIST (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://viewports.fyi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Web developers have no control over what conditions their websites
will be visited on, so it's best to create flexible rules and allow
browsers to calculate the best outcomes based on the conditions they
find themselves in. 

STRUCTURING YOUR INFRASTRUCTURE AS CODE (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://leebriggs.co.uk/blog/2023/08/17/structuring-iac?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This blog post details high-level thoughts on Infrastructure as Code
(IaC) concepts and principles and discusses lessons learned from using
a myriad of IaC tools. 

CAREER ADVICE NOBODY GAVE ME: NEVER IGNORE A RECRUITER (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://index.medium.com/career-advice-nobody-gave-me-never-ignore-a-recruiter-4474eac9556?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The best time to talk to a recruiter is when you're not looking for a
job. 

IS THE NEW DEAL FOR BUSINESS LEADING BY DESIGN? (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/is-the-new-deal-for-business-leading-by-design/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There is going to be a new generation of designers who sit alongside
and work with engineers to help drive the product or company. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=46166de4-40b7-11ee-8a36-c582d4d9bb55&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692698419&t=1692701022&s=1f5e5df04c58823c9fd3fc227fc1163f8b6ec362ce5fe4930384ad0256f0e70a].