# Articles TLDR 08-05-2023

Google plans to enhance Search by introducing more user-generated
content such as forum posts and short videos.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=50d79dee-ed73-11ed-b4e6-c967b106fa94&pt=campaign&t=1683544007&s=d4c567e0be1f38558621d30bdf584b75d935e080971e20a69dd5bc89864253f5]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-05-08

APPLY TO HIRE THROUGH TLDR TALENT
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey]

Apply as an employer [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] to
get access to TLDR Talent, where we make personal introductions
between cutting edge companies and world class tech talent looking for
their next mission (1000+ pre-vetted candidates available).¬†
Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) is now
accepting applications from employers to hire through our network of
active job searchers including software engineers, ML engineers,
designers, product managers, executives and more from big tech
companies and top VC-backed startups. Click here to apply
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey].¬†

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE MAKING SEARCH MORE ‚ÄòVISUAL, SNACKABLE, PERSONAL, AND HUMAN‚Äô
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/05/05/google-search-personal-visual/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google plans to enhance Search by introducing more user-generated
content such as forum posts and short videos. An internal document
describes a plan to make Search more 'visual, snackable, personal, and
human'. Search will soon provide follow-up questions to expand users'
original queries. Google will add conversational AI chat to Search.
The company aims to ensure that its conversational AI features will
not upset website owners. 

GOOGLE WILL REPORTEDLY RELEASE PIXEL WATCH 2 THIS FALL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/google-will-reportedly-release-pixel-watch-2-this-fall-213015367.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is set to release the Pixel Watch 2 this fall. The company
usually releases new flagship devices in October. A teaser for the
first smartwatch was revealed at I/O last year. The release of the
watch may generate interest in Wear OS. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

‚ÄòREMARKABLE‚Äô AI TOOL DESIGNS MRNA VACCINES THAT ARE MORE POTENT
AND STABLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-01487-y?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists at Baidu Research in California have developed an AI tool
that uses computational linguistics to optimize gene sequences in mRNA
vaccines. The tool designs mRNA sequences with shapes and structures
more intricate than current vaccines. This makes the mRNA vaccines
more potent and stable and could result in better protection against
infectious diseases. The tool has already been used to optimize at
least one authorized vaccine. 

CHINA SYNCS MONKEY BRAIN WITH A COMPUTER IN A 'WORLD FIRST' EXPERIMENT
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/china-syncs-monkey-brain-with-a-computer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chinese researchers claim to have conducted the world's first
successful monkey brain-computer interface (BCI) experiment. BCI
technology translates electrical signals from the brain into commands.
The researchers used minimally invasive surgery to implant an
electroencephalograph into the monkeys' cerebrovascular walls to read
signals. The BCI allowed the monkeys to control robotic arms with
their thoughts. It will take at least five more years for the
technique to be ready for clinical use. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

REACT ARIA COMPONENTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-aria/react-aria-components.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


React Aria Components is a new library of unstyled components that
implement ARIA patterns. These components provide pre-built
accessibility, internationalization, interaction, and behavior. They
use a default DOM structure and styling API, abstracting away the
technicalities of connecting the hooks together. React Aria Components
allows components and hooks to be used together or separately. 

REDISRAFT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/RedisLabs/redisraft/blob/master/docs/Introduction.md?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


RedisRaft is a Redis module that allows users to create
strongly-consistent clustered Redis deployments. It supports
configuration changes such as adding and removing nodes. RedisRaft
uses heartbeat messages to detect failed nodes. In case of failed
leaders, a new one is elected. As long as the majority of its nodes
remain online, a RedisRaft cluster will remain available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

I‚ÄôM IN WYOMING TO CELEBRATE THE NEXT NUCLEAR BREAKTHROUGH (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.gatesnotes.com/Wyoming-TerraPower?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Natrium Plant in Kemmerer, Wyoming, is set to become the most
advanced nuclear facility in the world by 2030. The project was
developed by TerraPower, a company founded by Bill Gates in 2008.
Gates believes that the world needs to invest in nuclear energy in
order to meet the planet's growing energy needs and reduce carbon
emission levels. Kemmerer has a coal plant that is scheduled to shut
down. Workers from the coal plant will be able to transfer to the new
facility with minimal retraining. 

OPENAI CEO SAM ALTMAN SAYS THE REMOTE WORK ‚ÄòEXPERIMENT‚Äô WAS A
MISTAKE‚ÄîAND ‚ÄòIT‚ÄôS OVER‚Äô (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/YtEsQ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Many CEOs, including OpenAI CEO Sam Altman, believe that remote work
is not effective. Altman believes that startups require a lot of
in-person collaboration, especially when working through intricate
ideas. CEOs are demanding that remote workers spend more time in the
office. Remote employees argue that they are content with working from
home and do not wish to return to pre-pandemic office routines. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HTMX IS THE FUTURE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://quii.dev/HTMX_is_the_Future?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

HTMX makes it simpler to deliver a rich client experience without
having to write JavaScript. 

FOR TOP VCS, BYTEDANCE‚ÄôS HISTORIC WINDFALL REMAINS A $220 BILLION
MIRAGE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/NjHTX?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A ByteDance public offering would mean billions of dollars in profits
for its investors, but venture capitalists are keeping quiet about any
potential public offering due to issues with TikTok. 

SHAP-E (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openai/shap-e?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Shap-E is a conditional generative model for 3D assets that can be
rendered as both texture meshes and neural radiance fields. 

PASSKEYS: A LOSS OF USER CONTROL? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/2023/5/1.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Passkeys will result in less user freedom and companies may use them
to lock users into their ecosystems. 

FAREWELL TO THE ERA OF CHEAP EC2 SPOT INSTANCES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://pauley.me/post/2023/spot-price-trends/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores the macroeconomic conditions that may have led
to Amazon increasing its spot pricing. 

MACOS INTERNALS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://gist.github.com/kconner/cff08fe3e0bb857ea33b47d965b3e19f?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains links to resources that cover the evolution
of Mac OS X from prerelease to Swift. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=50d79dee-ed73-11ed-b4e6-c967b106fa94&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683540019&t=1683544007&s=e5c598cf7bd0befbbaa7160a0cb5a5a9f0393d29113453794cff2d5a548f7ab0].


¬†