# Articles TLDR 25-01-2023

Amazons RxPass is a subscription exclusive to Prime members for
shipping eligible prescriptions to their doorsteps.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr] | Job Board
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] | Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Skyflow]
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/why-you-need-a-data-vault-and-how-to-get-there?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-25

WHAT IS DATA RESIDENCY, AND HOW CAN A DATA PRIVACY VAULT HELP?
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/why-you-need-a-data-vault-and-how-to-get-there?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


Businesses run on data, but managing and transferring data is becoming
more complex as more and more governments across the world define data
residency requirements that restrict where sensitive data is stored
and processed.
So, how can you scale your company up and expand into new markets
while meeting these requirements, and without replicating your entire
backend in each region?

Learn how a data privacy vault
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/why-you-need-a-data-vault-and-how-to-get-there?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]
lets you easily and efficiently meet data residency requirements,
while improving privacy and security for sensitive data.

Read [http://data.Read] the blog now
[https://www.skyflow.com/post/what-is-data-residency?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

AMAZON LAUNCHES A $5 MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION FOR UNLIMITED PRESCRIPTION
MEDICATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/24/23568919/amazon-rxpass-medical-subscription-prescription-healthcare-service?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon's RxPass is a subscription exclusive to Prime members for
shipping eligible prescriptions to their doorsteps. For $5 a month,
members can have as many eligible medications as they need, delivered
for free. The program includes medications that treat more than 80
common health conditions. Medications can be delivered on either a
monthly or quarterly basis, depending on prescription requirements. A
link to the full list of generic medicines covered by RxPass is
available in the article. 

THIS STARTUP IS USING AI TO UNEARTH NEW SMELLS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/h91kq?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Osmo is a startup that aims to create the next generation of aroma
molecules for perfumes, shampoos, lotions, candles, and other everyday
products. The fragrance industry relies on raw ingredients that are
becoming increasingly difficult to source. Osmo uses AI to find and
design flavor and fragrance molecules that are potent, allergen-free,
and biodegradable. Its long-term aim is to create computers with a
sense of smell. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NASA TO TEST NUCLEAR ROCKET ENGINE FOR POSSIBLE MARS MISSIONS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/01/24/world/nasa-nuclear-thermal-rocket-engine-mars-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and NASA are developing
a nuclear thermal rocket engine for possible future Mars missions. The
first tests for the engine could start as soon as 2027. Research into
nuclear thermal rocket engines by NASA began in 1959 but the program
was canceled before any flight tests took place. Recent advancements
in aerospace materials and engineering are enabling a new era for
space nuclear technology. 

SCIENTISTS DISCOVER ANTI-AGING GENE THAT REWINDS HEART AGE BY 10 YEARS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/health/anti-aging-gene-rewinds-heart-age?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have discovered a gene in centenarians that helps protect
them against diseases linked to aging. Giving the gene to middle-aged
mice stopped the decay of heart function and rewound their heart's
biological clock ages by the human equivalent of more than 10 years.
The treatment was also shown to be effective in human cells in test
tube experiments. The researchers are now testing to see whether
giving people the protein produced by the gene is therapeutically
sufficient, as protein-based treatments are safer and more viable than
gene therapy. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SLIDEV (WEBSITE) [https://sli.dev/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Slidev allows developers to create presentation slides within a single
Markdown file. It features themes, code blocks, and interactive
components. Slidev can make presentations with web app features as it
is powered by web technologies. 

IPYFLOW (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ipyflow/ipyflow?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

iPyflow is a next-generation Python kernel for Jupyter and other
notebook interfaces that tracks dataflow relationships between symbols
and cells during a given interactive session. It features execution
suggestions, syntax extensions, the ability to execute a cell and its
dependencies reactively, and integration with ipywidgets. iPyflow
exposes an API for interacting with the underlying execution state at
a deep level. 

WHAT THE HECK IS OAUTH? (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]


When you click on the "Login with Google" button on a website form,
that is OAuth in action. It's the standard that lets users grant
websites access to their information on other sites. But how does it
work? We put together an expert guide
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]
based on hundreds of conversations and implementations of an OAuth
server that has been downloaded millions of times. No fluff, just a
real-world perspective covering the modern use cases of OAuth. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDE GOOGLE'S ALL-HANDS MEETING: LAYOFFS SHATTER THE COMPANY'S AURA
OF STABILITY AND ABUNDANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/google-layoffs-shatter-aura-of-stability-abundance-allhands-meeting-2023-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google held an all-hands meeting on Monday to discuss its plans to lay
off 12,000 staff, the largest job cut in the company's 25-year
history. Employees at the meeting expressed a desire for psychological
safety, asked why managers weren't warned about the job cuts, and
inquired whether TCI, a leading activist hedge fund, was involved in
the decision. Google CEO Sundar Pichai said he takes responsibility
for overhiring over the recent years and that Google executives would
take a very significant reduction in their annual bonuses. 

HOW TO GET NEW IDEAS (1 MINUTE READ)
[http://paulgraham.com/getideas.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article contains an answer from ChatGPT discussing where good
ideas come from based on a GPT designed to answer questions like Paul
Graham. The prompt says that good ideas can be found by looking for
anomalies, or what seems strange, missing, or broken. Exploring these
gaps in knowledge can lead to new ideas. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ASTRO 2.0 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://astro.build/blog/astro-2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Astro's next-gen frontend architecture, Astro Islands, optimizes sites
to load 33% faster with 90% less JavaScript while using existing UI
frameworks. 

THE CHATGPT CHEAT SHEET (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UOfN0iB_A0rEGYc2CbYnpIF44FupQn2I/view?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A cheat sheet for developers and content creators that highlights the
abilities of ChatGPT and helps them learn how to use the large
language model for various fields, including media content creation,
natural language processing, and programming. 

KYSELY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/koskimas/kysely?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Kysely is a type-safe and autocompletion-friendly typescript SQL query
builder. 

AI INFLUENCERS FROM THE POST-CHATGPT ERA (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://thealgorithmicbridge.substack.com/p/ai-influencers-from-the-post-chatgpt?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=883883&post_id=97096767&isFreemail=false&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT has attracted many people who care about it exclusively as a
means to gain money, social media presence, or business opportunities.


THE BIG BANKS THAT BROUGHT YOU ZELLE ARE BUILDING A NEW DIGITAL WALLET
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/23/23567505/digital-wallet-online-payments-boa-chase-capital-one-apple-pay-paypal?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new wallet will likely work similarly to PayPal. 

WONDERS OF STREET VIEW (WEBSITE)
[https://neal.fun/wonders-of-street-view/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This site will show you random interesting things found on Google
Street View. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR - TECHNICAL WRITER (REMOTE, $50-75/HR)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/technical-writer-for-programming-tutorials/211]


TLDR is hiring a technical writer (with full stack web development
skills) to help write programming tutorials in the format "How to
build X using Y technology". 

LA RELEVE - LEAD DEVELOPER REACT NATIVE (PARIS, $50K - $70K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-developer-react-native/208] 

La Releve is a third party recruiter hiring a lead React Native
developer for a 10 person startup. 

CADENCE LABS - FULL STACK PHP DEV (REMOTE, US)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-php-developer/210] 

Cadence Labs is hiring a PHP/MySQL dev to help build complex Adobe
Commerce (Magento 2) sites for our clients. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e37c6d80-9c80-11ed-94ef-a7adbd1e63f9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674644440&t=1674648399&s=b1932da2e474b452cb8d3369dd38d8e4f81f4be487f01f707784c323d7e9832c].


¬†