# Articles TLDR 11-04-2023

Poe allows users to make their own chatbots using prompts combined
with an existing bot as the base.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6eb0275a-d833-11ed-9cbc-a397f22e6abf&pt=campaign&t=1681211255&s=2a38adaadee145be4f0cb9f0d2118814f59a76334ca809aa5eacbe67f8261e18]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=041123-tldrtech]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-11

COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION: 5 REASONS TO CHOOSE SECUREFRAME (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=041123-tldrtech]


	* Secureframe is the most comprehensive security and compliance
automation platform
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=041123-tldrtech]:
100+ integrations, built-in security training, vendor and risk
management, and more.
	*
Supports all major frameworks ‚Äî SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, PCI,
GDPR‚Ä¶

	*
Trusted by thousands of customers; recently named a Cloud Compliance
Leader by G2
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=041123-tldrtech]

	*
Unmatched expert guidance from 30+ former auditors
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=041123-tldrtech]
and industry professionals.

	*
Lets you continuously detect and remediate misconfigurations across
your tech stack, and provides complete visibility into critical
issues.

TLDR readers get 15% off. Use this link to get started
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

POE‚ÄôS AI CHATBOT APP NOW LETS YOU MAKE YOUR BOTS USING PROMPTS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/10/poes-ai-chatbot-app-now-lets-you-make-your-bots-using-prompts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Poe allows users to make their own chatbots using prompts combined
with an existing bot as the base. Made by Q&A site Quora, Poe allows
users to play with the latest technologies from AI companies via a
simple mobile interface. Users can pay to access more powerful bots
based on new language models, like GPT-4 and Claude+. It is the only
consumer-facing product with access to Claude or Claude+. 

SPACEX‚ÄôS STARSHIP VEHICLE IS READY TO FLY, JUST WAITING FOR A LAUNCH
LICENSE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/spacexs-starship-vehicle-is-ready-to-fly-just-waiting-for-a-launch-license/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX engineers have completed final flight readiness reviews for the
massive Super Heavy and Starship launch system. The vehicle is now
ready to make its debut test flight, but SpaceX is still waiting for
regulatory approval. SpaceX is targeting April 17 for the test date.
During the test, the Super Heavy rocket will fire for a couple of
minutes before separating from the upper stage and making a controlled
descent. The Starship upper stage will try to reach orbital velocity
before reentering the atmosphere. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

‚ÄòDRINK TO DUST‚Äô: STARTUP SAYS JUST SMASH ITS CLAY ALTERNATIVE TO
PLASTIC CUPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/10/drink-to-dust-startup-says-just-smash-its-clay-alternative-to-plastic-cups/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GaeaStar is a startup that aims to replace plastic and paper cups with
clay cups. It is planning to introduce its products to the US via a
trial with Verve, a Californian coffee chain. GaeaStar uses a special
3D printer to create the cups. The company's internal analysis and
estimates show that its cups use significantly less water and energy
to make compared to paper or plastic alternatives. It plans to
establish local cup-printing centers and source clay locally. 

SPACEX LAUNCH BEGINS STARTUP'S PLAN FOR 'CELL TOWERS IN SPACE" (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/home/internet/spacex-launch-begins-startups-plan-for-cell-towers-in-space/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A Spanish company called Sateliot aims to give people text messaging
abilities in remote parts of the world. It plans to launch its first
five satellites into orbit this year and 256 satellites in 2025. The
nanosatellites will allow the company to have worldwide coverage in
real time. Users will connect to the network through carrier
partnerships. The company has so far signed three deals worth about
$1.1 billion to enable its services. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DEEP SCATTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nomic-ai/deepscatter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This library enables zoomable, animated scatterplots in the browser
that scale over a billion points. It uses a custom quadtree format
that only loads data when zooming to increase speed. The library also
uses the Apache Arrow Feather format, which is quick to parse,
compresses well, and can copy directly to the GPU without JavaScript
transformation. It runs in completely static settings, making it
possible to host million-point scatter plots over services such as
GitHub Pages. 

LUCIA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/pilcrowOnPaper/lucia?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Lucia is a flexible library for user and session management. It was
designed to create an easy-to-understand abstraction layer between
applications and their databases. Lucia makes authentication simple
and clean. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AS TECH JOBS DISAPPEAR, SILICON VALLEY VETERANS RESET THEIR CAREERS (8
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/2Ll06?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Laid-off tech workers are expanding their horizons and landing jobs in
smaller and midsize firms, freelancing, and nontech companies. Many
are now considering tech jobs outside the industry or with startups
that are more aligned with their values. The job market remains
strong, with low unemployment rates and growing technical services and
software development sectors. Many companies that were previously
unable to compete with big tech for workers are now able to hire
again. 

CHROME JUST SHIPPED WEBGPU WITHOUT FLAGS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/benmschmidt/status/1644122769108418567?s=46?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google Chrome has shipped WebGPU in the Version 113 Beta. WebGPU is a
programming interface that sits on top of many low-level languages and
allows developers to write GPU code that can run on most smartphones
and computers with a web browser. One significant improvement is the
inclusion of 'compute shaders', which permits the writing of programs
that process data and convert it into something new. WebGPU is
intended to execute math functions quickly, making it capable of
performing various tasks, including conducting inference on machine
learning models or performing multiplications on data frames. It will
eventually be available on other web browsers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW COMPANIES ARE PUNISHING WORK-FROM-HOME HOLDOUTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/first-came-return-office-policies-100000996.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Companies are starting to become more strict on remote work and
dismissing some employees for not coming into the office. 

DASHCAM FOOTAGE SHOWS DRIVERLESS CARS CLOGGING SAN FRANCISCO (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/PAhqM?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Autonomous vehicles are stopping in the middle of roads in San
Francisco, creating traffic hazards and problems for other drivers. 

WHAT I'VE LEARNED ABOUT FORMAL METHODS IN HALF A YEAR (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakob.space/blog/what-ive-learned-about-formal-methods.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A summary of what was learned through a few months at grad school on
different approaches to software verification. 

USE GITHUB ACTIONS TO MAKE YOUR GITHUB PROFILE DYNAMIC (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bengreenberg.dev/posts/2023-04-09-github-profile-dynamic-content/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub Actions can turn a static markdown document into a dynamic
experience that keeps information up to date. 

50 IDEAS THAT CHANGED MY LIFE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://perell.com/essay/50-ideas-that-changed-my-life/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A list of ideas that will help you to think better and hopefully
inspire some curiosity. 

RASPBERRY PI LAUNCHES ONLINE CODE EDITOR TO HELP KIDS LEARN (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.tomshardware.com/news/raspberry-pi-online-code-editor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Raspberry Pi Foundation has released a free browser-based code
editor designed for students. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

JUSTWORKS - SENIOR PRODUCT MANAGER, PAYROLL AND TAX (NEW YORK CITY,
NEW YORK, $165,000 - $181,500)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-product-manager%2C-payroll-and-tax/503]


Justworks is hiring a Senior Product Manager to build taxation
services to help businesses run with simple software & systems. 

JUSTWORKS - SENIOR PRODUCT DESIGNER, PAYROLL & TAX APPLICATIONS (NEW
YORK CITY, NEW YORK, $165,000 - $181,500)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-product-designer%2C-payroll-%26-tax-applications/502]


Justworks is hiring a Senior Product Designer to help shape product
strategy, set design standards and practices, and help its team
navigate ambiguity in order to help businesses process payments and
taxes accurately and on time. 

E2GENERATIONS - TECHNICAL PROJECT MANAGER (FULLY REMOTE, $100,000 -
$120,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/technical-project-manager/501] 

E2Generations is hiring a Technical Project Manager to manage and
coordinate multiple projects in order to help businesses navigate
their digital transformations. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6eb0275a-d833-11ed-9cbc-a397f22e6abf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681207217&t=1681211255&s=996128dbd6acb0eeaceaf34b84c87e1623a1b339ef5979342ade73d85ca07dd6].


¬†