# Articles TLDR 19-09-2023

iOS 17 and iPadOS17 bring new features such as Contact Posters, Live
Voicemail, and upgraded autocorrect¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a6d4da4c-56bc-11ee-b183-1d460476c346&pt=campaign&t=1695120229&s=af0bea903ee63bed02d3a0b80f43c65d8b546589d655417bc7690028a0c31ef2]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-19

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IOS 17 AND IPADOS 17 ARE NOW AVAILABLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/18/23875703/apple-ios-17-ipados-17-now-available-iphone-ipad?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

iOS 17 and iPadOS17 bring new features such as Contact Posters, Live
Voicemail, and upgraded autocorrect. iOS 17 will have a feature called
StandBy that turns iPhones into a display while charging. iPadOS 17
allows users to personalize their lock screens and add interactive
widgets. Apple has also released tvOS 17. 

THE CABLE BUNDLE OF THE FUTURE IS OFFICIALLY HERE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23868355/disney-charter-bundle-espn-abc-broadcast?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Charter and Disney have agreed on a package that will provide
subscribers with Disney Plus Basic when they pay for Spectrum's TV
Select package. Subscribers who choose Spectrum TV Select Plus will
also get ESPN Plus. Spectrum cable customers will soon be able to
bundle multiple streaming services on their bills. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

STOKE SPACE COMPLETES MILESTONE TEST IN QUEST TO BUILD A FULLY
REUSABLE ROCKET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/18/stoke-space-completes-milestone-test-in-quest-to-build-a-fully-reusable-rocket/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Stoke Space has successfully completed a key test of its second stage
prototype. The space startup is now one step closer to flying a fully
reusable launch vehicle. It plans to conduct its first orbital flight
test in 2025. A video of the second stage prototype test is available
in the article. 

ROBOFAB IS READY TO BUILD 10,000 HUMANOID ROBOTS PER YEAR (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/18/the-robots-are-coming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Agility Robotics is building a factory in Oregon that will be able to
manufacture more than 10,000 of its Digit humanoid robots per year.
The 70,000-square-foot RoboFab facility is set to open later this
year. Digit robots will be used in the factory to produce more Digits.
A video announcement from Agility Robotics about the factory is
available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HYPERDX (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hyperdxio/hyperdx?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

HyperDX is an open source observability platform that helps to quickly
resolve production issues. It centralizes and correlates logs,
metrics, traces, exceptions, and session replays in one place. HyperDX
allows users to dashboard high cardinality events without a complex
query language and set up alerts in just a few clicks. Screenshots are
available. 

INSIDE NEW QUERY ENGINE OF MONGODB (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://laplab.me/posts/inside-new-query-engine-of-mongodb/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

MongoDB is releasing a new query engine in version 7.0. The change
completely overhauls the way the engine executes the strategy picked
by the query optimizer. While the classic engine was mature and it
served customers' needs, its data model and approach resulted in
suboptimal performance and a serious maintenance burden. This article
shares some technical details about the new engine. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FUNKY AI-GENERATED SPIRALING MEDIEVAL VILLAGE CAPTIVATES SOCIAL MEDIA
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/dreamy-ai-generated-geometric-scenes-mesmerize-social-media-users/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A Reddit user recently posted an AI-generated image of a spiral-shaped
medieval village that gained rapid attention on social media for its
remarkable geometric qualities. The image was created using Stable
Diffusion and a guidance technique called ControlNet. A similar
technique for producing QR codes went viral earlier this year. This
article explains how the artwork was generated. Examples of other
similar artworks are available. 

UNITY APOLOGIZES FOR ‚ÄòCONFUSION AND ANGST‚Äô CAUSED BY NEW RUNTIME
FEE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kotaku.com/unity-runtime-fee-news-twitter-developers-godot-unreal-1850848538?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unity announced a Runtime Fee on September 12 that will charge
developers for each game installation past a certain threshold. This
was not received well by the developer community, who were quick to
point out all the problems that the fee might cause. Unity posted an
apology on X on September 17 saying that it would make changes to the
policy and share an update in a couple of days. It is rumored that
Unity plans to limit fees to 4% of a game's revenue for customers
making over $1 million. The new approach will reportedly also not
retroactively count installations. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE AND THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ARE BUILDING AN AI-POWERED
MICROSCOPE TO HELP DOCTORS SPOT CANCER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/18/google-dod-built-an-ai-powered-microscope-to-help-doctors-spot-cancer.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Augmented Reality Microscope, while not yet ready for clinical
use, has shown initial promise as a useful tool for pathologists
without easy access to a second opinion. 

BUN HYPE. HOW WE LEARNED NOTHING FROM YARN (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/thejaredwilcurt/bun-hype-how-we-learned-nothing-from-yarn-2n3j?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

npm gradually implemented all of the features that made Yarn special
over the years - the same thing will likely happen with Bun. 

HOW MUCH GARDEN YOU WOULD NEED TO 100% SURVIVE ON (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://lifehacker.com/how-much-garden-you-would-need-to-100-survive-on-1848829190?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An efficient 800-square-foot garden could sustain a family of four. 

AWS IPV4 ESTATE NOW WORTH $4.5 BILLION (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://toonk.io/aws-ipv4-estate-now-worth-4-5-billion/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AWS currently owns 127,972,688 IPv4 addresses and it has plans to
charge $43.80 per year per IPv4 address starting in February next
year. 

NASA RELEASED FOOTAGE OF THE PARKER SOLAR PROBE FLYING THROUGH A
CORONAL MASS EJECTION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/18/23879911/nasa-released-footage-of-the-parker-solar-probe-flying-through-a-coronal-mass-ejection?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Coronal mass ejections are immense eruptions of plasma and energy from
the Sun's corona - a video of the fly-through is available in the
article. 

HOW WE GOT HERE. SOME INSIDE SCOOPS FROM MICROSOFT ON HANDLING EARLY
DAYS OF PANDEMIC TO CUTTING OVER 20K FOLKS IN 2023 (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teamblind.com/post/How-we-got-here-Some-inside-scoops-from-Microsoft-on-handling-early-days-of-pandemic-to-cutting-over-20K-folks-in-2023-7ndQwLAU]

This post shares some of the discussions going on inside Microsoft
among the senior leadership team and the board during the early days
of the pandemic and after the company decided to lay off thousands of
employees. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a6d4da4c-56bc-11ee-b183-1d460476c346&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695117618&t=1695120229&s=be7b11cbd28b3610e72f8460282e757fa29a239fcaef21a845cbd0a0d1c61b16].