# Articles TLDR 05-05-2023

A leaked document from Google discusses how neither Google nor OpenAI
has a moat.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=155c5652-eb0b-11ed-9164-c11792c8bde1&pt=campaign&t=1683284632&s=994ca9a4a70a23a3ec57790dc57a68647ac25c2a1337b1eab975fb9db0dcdbae]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-05

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE ANNOUNCES THE PIXEL FOLD (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/4/23711353/google-pixel-fold-announced?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google will be launching the Pixel Fold at the Google I/O 2023 event.
Leaked marketing materials and hands-on videos indicate that the Pixel
Fold phone will have a full-size outer display, a Google Tensor G2
processor, and a strong hinge. The 5.8-inch phone will be able to fold
open into a 7.6-inch tablet. It will cost around $1,700. Google has
been encouraging Android app developers to work on foldable devices
and larger screen sizes. 

OPENAI REPORTEDLY LOST $540 MILLION DEVELOPING CHATGPT IN 2022 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thewrap.com/open-ai-lost-half-billion-making-chatgpt-cost/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI reported $540 million in losses last year. CEO Sam Altman plans
to raise $100 billion in the next few years to develop a smarter AI
capable of self-improvement. Meanwhile, OpenAI looks to acquire more
data sets for its software. Some companies have banned generative AI
usage with proprietary data to prevent it from entering the ChatGPT
data pool. OpenAI's ambitious investment in AI technology raises the
question of whether other AI companies can keep up. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

IN A WORLD FIRST, RSV VACCINES WINS FDA APPROVAL FOR ADULTS 60 AND UP
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/05/in-a-world-first-rsv-vaccines-wins-fda-approval-for-adults-60-and-up/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US Food and Drug Administration has approved the world's first
vaccine against Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV). Arexvy from GSK
will be available for adults only, aged 60 and over, pending a
recommendation from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In
clinical trials, patients who received the vaccine had an 82.6% lower
risk of developing lower-respiratory tract infections from RSV and a
94.1% drop in the chances of a severe RSV infection. Several other
treatments for RSV are currently under development. 

THE INSIDE SCOOP ON SOLAR GEOENGINEERING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/UE5BP?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article takes a look at the world of solar geoengineering. Solar
geoengineering refers to various attempts to change the Earth's
climate by reflecting its sunlight. This can be done through the use
of balloons, clouds, sunshades, or by releasing gasses or small
particles into the atmosphere from an aircraft. There is widespread
opposition to studies and debates on the topic, given the potentially
irreversible impact to the planet. Despite this, a few companies have
already launched independent efforts. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MOJO MAY BE THE BIGGEST PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE ADVANCE IN DECADES (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fast.ai/posts/2023-05-03-mojo-launch.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI models are mostly developed in Python. Translating them into a
faster implementation can be difficult and may require Python
programmers to learn other languages. Mojo is a strict superset of the
Python language. It provides additional functionality so that
developers can write high-performance code. Mojo allows Python
programmers to access the benefits of faster languages such as C. 

FRAPPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/frappe/frappe?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Frappe is a full-stack web application framework designed for low code
web development in Python and Javascript. It comes with integrated
libraries and extensive modules. Frappe's single page application
includes built-in forms, lists, searches, and navigation, with user
roles and permissions applied out of the box on all interactions. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LEAKED GOOGLE DOCUMENT: ‚ÄúWE HAVE NO MOAT, AND NEITHER DOES OPENAI‚Äù
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/May/4/no-moat/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A leaked document from Google discusses how neither Google nor OpenAI
has a moat. Training models from scratch is expensive and negates
prior fine-tuning work. This makes the ability to train large models
from scratch on expensive hardware less of a competitive advantage
than previously believed. Google and OpenAI's efforts to build the
most powerful language models are being surpassed by developments in
the open-source LLM community. 

ASK HN: WHAT TECH IS UNDER THE RADAR WITH ALL ATTENTION ON CHATGPT
ETC. (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35792898] 

This Hacker News thread looks at new technologies that aren't
currently trending. The technologies discussed include color e-ink
displays (which are just starting to get decent), commodity RISCV
chips (some have just entered mass production), generative AI and
quantum computing cloud (high demand from Wall Street and
Government/Defense), and heat pumps (highly impactful for the
climate). 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS BING CHAT AI IS NOW OPEN TO EVERYONE, WITH PLUG-INS
COMING SOON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/4/23710071/microsoft-bing-chat-ai-public-preview-plug-in-support?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is adding features to Bing Chat AI such as image and video
results, a new Bing and Edge Actions feature, persistent chat and
history, and plug-in support. 

HUGGING FACE AND SERVICENOW RELEASE A FREE CODE-GENERATING MODEL (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/04/hugging-face-and-servicenow-release-a-free-code-generating-model/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


StarCoder is a free alternative to code-generating AI systems like
GitHub's Copilot. 

THIS COMPANY ADOPTED AI. HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED TO ITS HUMAN WORKERS (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/sections/money/2023/05/02/1172791281/this-company-adopted-ai-heres-what-happened-to-its-human-workers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The AI caused workers to become much more productive and resulted in
greater customer satisfaction. 

EVEN AMAZON CAN'T MAKE SENSE OF SERVERLESS OR MICROSERVICES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/even-amazon-can-t-make-sense-of-serverless-or-microservices-59625580?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Prime Video team dumped their serverless microservices
architecture and replaced it with a monolith, resulting in 90% savings
in their operating costs and a simpler system. 

JAVASCRIPT IMPORT MAPS ARE NOW SUPPORTED CROSS-BROWSER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/import-maps-in-all-modern-browsers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Importing ES modules becomes a lot better with import maps. 

GOOGLE WORKING TO BRING BARD AI TO PIXEL PHONES AS A HOMESCREEN WIDGET
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/05/04/google-bard-ai-pixel-widget/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Code uploaded to the Play Store suggests that Google is looking to
integrate Bard AI into Android for Pixel users. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=155c5652-eb0b-11ed-9164-c11792c8bde1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683280820&t=1683284632&s=a627281b46807006dfbb3b50c37012565d2a0c02b18e7f1c89c5224e2d040ef2].


¬†