# Articles TLDR 02-03-2023

OpenAI has released ChatGPT and Whisper AI APIs for developers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e7b69e06-b8dd-11ed-834d-1952d241265b&pt=campaign&t=1677759194&s=c682e395c7d2371f3dd15569c5344dd1c137e0ffdd57261a53314b7be8992722]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-02

SECUREFRAME: EASY SOC 2 COMPLIANCE + AI-BASED RFP AUTOMATION (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]


With a streamlined workflow and expert guidance, Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]
automates the entire compliance process, end-to-end.
What makes Secureframe different?

	*
Get audit-ready and achieve compliance in weeks, not months with
built-in remediation guidance and 100+ integrations.

	*
Stay compliant with the latest regulations and requirements including
ISO 27001, GDPR, HIPAA, PCI, and other standards.

	*
Automate responses to RFPs
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]
and security questionnaires with AI.

	*
Trusted by hyper-growth organizations: AngelList, Ramp, Lob, Remote,
and thousands of other businesses.

Schedule a personalized demo of Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

CHATGPT AND WHISPER APIS DEBUT, ALLOWING DEVS TO INTEGRATE THEM INTO
APPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/chatgpt-and-whisper-apis-debut-allowing-devs-to-integrate-them-into-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has released ChatGPT and Whisper AI APIs for developers.
ChatGPT is a model for generating coherent text and is priced at
$0.002 per 1,000 tokens (about 750 words). The Whisper API is priced
at $0.006 per minute. It accepts audio inputs in multiple formats and
can transcribe audio to text with accuracy comparable to a skilled
human transcriptionist. OpenAI has modified its terms of service to no
longer use data submitted for service improvements, including model
training. 

THIS IS META‚ÄôS AR/VR HARDWARE ROADMAP FOR THE NEXT FOUR YEARS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/28/23619730/meta-vr-oculus-ar-glasses-smartwatch-plans?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has announced its roadmap for augmented and virtual reality
products. The company plans to launch its first pair of smart glasses
with a display and a neural interface smartwatch to control them in
2025 and its first full-fledged AR glasses in 2027. Later this year,
the company will release its flagship Quest 3 headset, which will be
two times thinner than its predecessor, at least twice as powerful,
and slightly more expensive at $400. A more 'accessible' headset
codenamed Ventura is planned for release in 2024 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

MEET THE WORLD‚ÄôS FIRST ARTIFICIAL ENERGY ISLAND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/03/01/meet-the-worlds-first-artificial-energy-island/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Princess Elisabeth Island is an artificial energy island being
developed by Elia, a Belgian electricity transmission system operator.
It will act as a hub for electricity transmission, receiving power
from the Princess Elisabeth Zone, the second Belgian offshore wind
zone, and from interconnectors with other European countries.
Construction is expected to begin in early 2024 with completion in
mid-2026 and full connection to all wind farms and the mainland by
2030. The Belgian government has awarded the project a grant of ‚Ç¨100
million. A video about the project is available in the article. 

MICROSOFT UNVEILS KOSMOS-1, AN AI LANGUAGE MODEL WITH VISUAL
PERCEPTION ABILITIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/microsoft-unveils-kosmos-1-an-ai-language-model-with-visual-perception-abilities/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft researchers have introduced Kosmos-1, a multimodal model
that is capable of analyzing images for content, solving visual
puzzles, recognizing visual text, and understanding natural language
instructions. The model is seen as a step towards building an
artificial general intelligence that can perform tasks at the same
level as humans. Kosmos-1 can analyze images, read text from an image,
and write captions for images. Microsoft plans to make Kosmos-1
available to developers. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MRSK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mrsked/mrsk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

MRSK is a web app deployment tool that features zero downtime. It
works seamlessly across multiple hosts and can be used to deploy any
type of web app that can be containerized. It was built for Rails
applications but can be used with other types of apps. MRSK can be
used with cloud services or on bare metal servers and can be set up in
minutes. 

TETHER ELEMENTS TO EACH OTHER WITH CSS ANCHOR POSITIONING (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/blog/tether-elements-to-each-other-with-css-anchor-positioning/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores the CSS anchor positioning API and presents a
variety of solutions for tethering elements. Currently, developers
must rely on tracking positions, using wrapper elements, or
introducing extra markup with JavaScript, which can be challenging and
inefficient. The CSS anchor positioning API is a CSS API for tethering
elements, allowing developers to size and position one element based
on the size and position of another. 

FRAUD-STACK AS A SERVICE - FREE FOR DEVS AND YOUNG STARTUPS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.dodgeballhq.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=emailnewsletter]


Fraud sucks. Dealing with account takeover, payment fraud, and other
types of dodgy behavior places a large burden on overworked dev teams.
Dodgeball
[https://www.dodgeballhq.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=emailnewsletter]
makes it simple ‚Äî one integration that hooks into key risk moments
(signup, sign-in, payments), tracks users, runs workflows, and returns
a response (approve, deny, review). Signup for the free product to
shut the fraud up
[https://www.dodgeballhq.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=emailnewsletter]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TESLA INVESTOR DAY NEWS HUB: MASTER PLAN PART 3, NEW VEHICLE PLATFORM
AND MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/03/01/tesla-investor-day-news-hub-master-plan-part-3-vehicle-platform/]


Tesla held its first Investor Day at Gigafactory Texas in Austin
yesterday. At the event, CEO Elon Musk unveiled Tesla Master Plan Part
3, which outlined plans to scale to 20 million vehicles per year by
the end of the decade. Tesla discussed long term expansion plans, its
generation 3 platform, capital allocation, and supply chain
strategies. It also announced new factories, including Gigafactory
Mexico. A video recording of the event is available in the article. 

FOUR EXPERTS ON TECH HIRING TALK ABOUT WHERE THE JOBS ARE (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://archive.ph/UoXlI#selection-553.333-567.109?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Despite fears of artificial intelligence leading to mass unemployment,
the unemployment rate for computer and mathematical occupations is
just 1.5%, far below the 3.9% for the overall workforce. This article
features interviews with four experts in the tech hiring scene on why
humans are still needed in the tech sector. There is still enormous
demand for people who know how to work with big data and AI can't
replace jobs that require understanding human needs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WORK IN IT OR CYBER? PARTICIPATE IN RESEARCH TO EARN UP TO $200 PER
STUDY (SPONSOR)
[https://community.participanthq.com/p/participanthq_panel-signup_TLDR]


Participant HQ is looking for IT and cyber professionals for paid
research studies. Earn up to $200 per short study. Join Participate HQ
for free to start earning
[https://community.participanthq.com/p/participanthq_panel-signup_TLDR]


NASA‚ÄôS DART IMPACTOR SHOWS HOW PLANETARY DEFENSE CAN WORK (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/03/nasas-dart-impactor-shows-how-planetary-defense-can-work/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA's DART mission shortened its target asteroid's orbit by half an
hour. 

DATABASE CRYPTOGRAPHY FUR THE REST OF US (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://soatok.blog/2023/03/01/database-cryptography-fur-the-rest-of-us/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An accessible and fun introduction to real-world database
cryptography. 

NVIDIA‚ÄôS NEW AI UPSCALING TECH MAKES LOW-RES VIDEOS LOOK SHARPER IN
CHROME, EDGE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/nvidias-new-ai-upscaling-tech-makes-low-res-videos-look-sharper-in-chrome-edge/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Nvidia's latest driver for its 30- and 40-series desktop and mobile
GPUs can boost sharpness and eliminate blocky compression artifacts in
videos displayed in Chrome and Edge. 

SERVICE WEAVER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ServiceWeaver/weaver?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Service Weaver is a programming framework for writing, deploying, and
managing distributed applications. 

TESLA DISPLAYS IMPRESSIVE-LOOKING ‚ÄòPRE-PRODUCTION BETA CYBERTRUCK‚Äô
AT INVESTOR DAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/03/01/tesla-pre-production-beta-cybertruck-investor-day/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains pictures and videos of the pre-production beta
Cybertruck displayed at Tesla's Investor Day event. 

OPENAI'S "PLANNING FOR AGI AND BEYOND" (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://astralcodexten.substack.com/p/openais-planning-for-agi-and-beyond?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI CEO Sam Altman insists that safety is a priority in a document
recently released by the company called 'Planning For AGI And Beyond'.


üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

NORTHONE - PRODUCT DESIGNER (FULLY REMOTE, $80,000 - $120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-designer/338] 

NorthOne is hiring a Product Designer to design features and solutions
for a business banking and financial management platform that services
small businesses across America. 

YOUR PART-TIME CONTROLLER, LLC - LEAD DEVELOPER/ANALYST - LEAD
DEVELOPER/ANALYST - MICROSOFT FULL STACK (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-developer%2Fanalyst---microsoft-full-stack/345]


Your Part-Time Controller is hiring a Lead Developer/Analyst to
develop and maintain a variety of software for a national leader in
providing outsourced accounting services to nonprofit organizations. 

NORTHONE - PRODUCT MANAGER, BANKING (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$160,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-manager%2C-banking/339] 

NorthOne is hiring a Product Manager to work on its core banking
product for a business banking and financial management platform that
lets anyone run a successful small business. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e7b69e06-b8dd-11ed-834d-1952d241265b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677754821&t=1677759194&s=3e5a599d5219bdfddfc3c332c2f4afbc6d90fea611d483e914f56c011c884467].


¬†