# Articles TLDR 18-01-2023

ChatGPT will be available soon on OpenAIs API and Microsofts Azure
OpenAI Service.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr] | View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=04ffaa06-970b-11ed-9d2d-3729ef006681&pt=campaign&t=1674043534&s=48afe207d003a564f7a5682a27f53de2b71fa7500c793deb8e3eba7cda291233]
| Job Board [https://tldr.tech/jobs] | Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-18

FRESH OFF A $200 MILLION SERIES C, DRATA IS READY TO AUTOMATE SECURITY
AND COMPLIANCE (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Drata is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach
to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks ‚Äî potentially saving hundreds
of audit-preping hours.
Thousands of customers trust Drata,
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
including companies such as BambooHR, Notion, and Postman. 354
reviewers on G2 have rated its solution 4.9 on average. And last
December, the company raised a $200M Series C at a $2BN valuation.

Want to find out what all the fuss is about? Now‚Äôs your chance. TLDR
readers and community members get 10% off and waived implementation
fees. Claim your exclusive offer now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

CHATGPT WILL BE COMING TO OUR API (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/OpenAI/status/1615160228366147585] 

ChatGPT will be available soon on OpenAI's API and Microsoft's Azure
OpenAI Service. OpenAI has updated ChatGPT based on feedback from the
research preview. A link for the ChatGPT API waitlist is available. 

NEW M2-POWERED MACBOOK PROS AND MINIS HAVE 8K VIDEO, WI-FI 6E, DOZENS
OF CORES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/01/new-m2-powered-macbook-pros-and-minis-have-8k-video-wi-fi-6e-dozens-of-cores/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple has unveiled new MacBook Pros and Mac minis based on its M2 Pro
and M2 Max chips. The M2 chips enable 8K video output, Wi-Fi 6E, up to
96GB of unified memory, and an extended battery life. The M2 Pro is 25
percent faster than the M1 Pro chip for Xcode compiling. The M2
MacBook Pros and minis can be preordered now and will be available on
January 24. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A WOMAN RECEIVES THE FIRST-EVER SUCCESSFUL TRANSPLANT OF A LIVING,
3D-PRINTED EAR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zmescience.com/science/first-3d-printed-ear-own-cells-264243/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A woman has received a 3D-printed ear transplant as part of the first
clinical trial of human-cell-3D-printed grafts. The cells for the ear
were grown from cells taken from the patient. Results from the trial
so far are promising. If the transplant is successful, the researchers
will explore how other replacement body parts can be created via 3D
printing. 

SCIENTISTS GAVE A ROBOT A SENSE OF SMELL WITH LOCUST ANTENNAE AND AI
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/scientists-gave-a-robot-a-sense-of-smell-with-locust-antennae-and-ai-234427753.html?src=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from Tel Aviv University recently published a paper about
a robot that can identify smells with 10,000 times more sensitivity
than some specialized electronics. The robot features a set of desert
locust antennae connected to a system that measures signals produced
by the antennae when they detect a smell. It can reliably
differentiate between eight 'pure' odors. Locusts have been used
previously to detect cancer cells and bombs. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GIT SECURITY VULNERABILITIES ANNOUNCED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-01-17-git-security-vulnerabilities-announced-2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Git project has released new versions to address security
vulnerabilities. The vulnerabilities affect Git's commit formatting
mechanism, .gitattributes parser, and $PATH lookup in Windows and may
result in arbitrary code execution. A link to a complete report about
the vulnerabilities is available in the article. 

GLUON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gluon-framework/gluon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Gluon is a framework for creating desktop apps from websites using
system installed browsers and NodeJS. It supports Chromium and Firefox
based browsers as the frontend. Gluon features fast build times and
tiny bundle sizes. It works on Windows, Linux, and macOS. 

TERRAFORMING KUBERNETES ON LINODE: ON-DEMAND VIDEO (SPONSOR)
[https://event.on24.com/wcc/r/4079794/D343F9105D5D08A56BE340ED833F6681?partnerref=newsletter_TLDR]


Learn how to spin up a Kubernetes cluster on Linode using Terraform.
This free course covers Terraform fundamentals, basic requirements for
Linode Kubernetes Engine (LKE), and how to deploy a pre-built public
container from DockerHub on a Linode cluster. Watch the step-by-step
guide to demystify Terraform + Kubernetes
[https://event.on24.com/wcc/r/4079794/D343F9105D5D08A56BE340ED833F6681?partnerref=newsletter_TLDR]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NEST SMART THERMOSTAT CO-FOUNDER IS BACK WITH A NEW DEVICE FOR THE
HOME, FOCUSED ON FOOD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/17/nest-co-founder-is-back-with-new-device-for-the-home-focused-on-food.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Matt Rogers, founder of Nest Labs, launched his latest venture focused
on combating food waste on Tuesday. Mill is a kitchen bin that
dehydrates food waste overnight, turning it into 'food grounds' that
can be shipped back to the company via mail. The food grounds are
repurposed into an ingredient for chicken feed and sent to farms. The
service currently costs $33 a month. 

AFTER 10 YEARS OF BUILDING CONSUMER SOCIAL APPS, I'VE DECIDED TO START
EXPLORING NEW AREAS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/nikitabier/status/1481118406749220868?s=12&t=po95zVAdAXmvj80Uo0lTfQ]


In this Twitter thread, Nikita Bier, who just sold his social app
(Gas) to Discord after selling his first app (TBH) to Facebook,
discusses lessons learned throughout 10 years of building consumer
apps. Topics covered include testing, targeting, habit formation,
customer behavior, and retention. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HIRED IS A JOBS PLATFORM WHERE TECHIES GO TO GET HEADHUNTED, WITH
SALARY DETAILS UPFRONT (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-startupspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]


Job hunting can be frustrating. Hired makes it painless‚Äîinstead of
chasing recruiters, companies approach you with salary details up
front. Create a profile now (100% free for jobseekers)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-startupspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]


PURE.CSS (WEBSITE) [https://purecss.io/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This website contains a set of small CSS modules that can be used in
any web project. 

THE ART OF KNOWING WHEN TO QUIT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2023/art-of-knowing-when-to-quit/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Our culture's impulse is to wring every last cent out of any creative
endeavor, but it is important to know when and how to bring something
to an end. 

MICROSOFT SET TO LAY OFF THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES TOMORROW (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/1/17/23559412/microsoft-layoffs-job-cuts-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is said to be looking at cutting around five percent of its
workforce. 

MEETINGS FOR AN EFFECTIVE ENG ORGANIZATION (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/eng-org-meetings/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Many meetings are bad, but they can be an exceptionally valuable part
of an organization if they are done correctly. 

CLEANLAB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cleanlab/cleanlab?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

cleanlab is a package that automatically detects problems in a machine
learning dataset and provides clean labels for training and flagging
errors in data. 

WITH $1.5 BILLION BILL DUE AT MONTH-END, ELON MUSK‚ÄôS OPTIONS
AREN‚ÄôT GREAT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/01/looming-twitter-interest-payment-leaves-elon-musk-with-unpalatable-options/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The first installment of interest payments for the $13 billion of debt
Elon Musk used to fund Twitter's takeover is rumored to be due as soon
as the end of January. 

TLDR JOB ALERTS (SPONSOR) [https://tldr.tech/jobs] 

TLDR's job board now allows you to set customizable alerts to be
notified either daily or weekly about new jobs that fit your exact
criteria (for example, Python jobs in New York that pay over
$120000/year). 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

RADIATOR LABS IS HIRING A PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER (ELIXIR,
PHOENIX) TO HELP SCALE OUR SOLUTION FOR HEATING AND COOLING HOMES WITH
CLEAN ENERGY (REMOTE, $180K - $210K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/principal-software-engineer-(elixir)/169] 

AGRIPPA IS HIRING A SENIOR FRONTEND DEV TO HELP BRING AI TO THE
COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE INDUSTRY. (REMOTE, $130K - $170K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-frontend-software-engineer/173] 

ANTEAN IS HIRING SECURITY ENGINEERS FOR OUR CYBER COMPLIANCE AGENCY
(VIRGINIA, $110K - $150K)
[https://tldr.tech/companies/antean-technology/210] 

MONEYSUPERMARKET GROUP IS HIRING A DATA ENGINEER TO HELP US SAVE UK
HOUSEHOLDS MONEY (UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/data-engineer/170] 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. If your company would like to hire through our
free job board, please sign up here
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=04ffaa06-970b-11ed-9d2d-3729ef006681&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674039639&t=1674043534&s=34ee2b7082933cf42ba4be260583834f9396b1059d4531336c92d71dd27c14f2].


¬†