# Articles TLDR 14-03-2023

Stanford Alpaca is an instruction-following LLaMA model.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e5c50a62-c236-11ed-bf8c-3d73858eb611&pt=campaign&t=1678792631&s=5d12b38a4a29805f787ca0e298a302529932aaf5567a8e649fac2211fe9f5bb4]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-14

6 FEATURES OF DRATA YOU NEED TO KNOW (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Drata is a technology-first solution to compliance. This means:

	*
24/7 continuous control monitoring to stay compliant + endpoint
configuration monitoring and evidence collection

	*
Built-in security training and self-assessments

	*
An Audit Hub where users can collaborate with auditors directly,
providing transparency and granular access control

	*
Real-time, shareable reports to communicate your security posture

	*
Live compliance advice
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
in a click + world-class support by compliance and security experts

	*
A Risk Management module that enables users to manage their end-to-end
workflows for assessing and treating risk

TLDR readers get 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

YOU CAN NOW RUN A GPT-3 LEVEL AI MODEL ON YOUR LAPTOP, PHONE, AND
RASPBERRY PI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/you-can-now-run-a-gpt-3-level-ai-model-on-your-laptop-phone-and-raspberry-pi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A software developer has created a tool called llama.cpp that can run
Meta's new GPT-3-class AI large language model, LLaMA, locally on a
Mac laptop. The tool has now been made to work on Windows, a Pixel 6
phone, and a Raspberry Pi. These developments imply that a
pocket-sized competitor to ChatGPT may soon be available. 

MICROSOFT STRUNG TOGETHER TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CHIPS IN A PRICEY
SUPERCOMPUTER FOR OPENAI (6 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Yg4iu] 

Microsoft's billion-dollar investment in OpenAI in 2019 was
accompanied by a commitment to construct a cutting-edge supercomputer
for the AI research start-up. To create the new technology, Microsoft
had to find ways to combine tens of thousands of Nvidia's A100
graphics chips and reposition server racks to avoid power outages.
Microsoft now uses the supercomputer it created for OpenAI to train
and run its own large AI models while also selling it to other
customers. The company is now working on the next generation of its AI
supercomputer. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FDA APPROVES NEW NASAL SPRAY TO TREAT MIGRAINE HEADACHES IN ADULTS,
PFIZER SAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/03/10/health/migraine-nasal-spray-zavzpret/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US FDA has greenlit a new nasal spray that can treat migraine
pain. Zavzpret can relieve pain and other migraine symptoms in as
little as fifteen minutes after use. It works by blocking calcitonin
gene-related peptide, a protein that causes inflammation when
released. Zavzpret is due to be sold in pharmacies from July. The drug
offers an alternative for people who cannot use other migraine
treatments due to heart disease or other conditions. 

ULTRATHIN METASURFACE DISPLAYS TAKE AIM AT THE LCD (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/metasurface-displays?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists have developed a new kind of metasurface display roughly
1/100 the thickness of the average human hair that could offer 10
times the resolution and consume half as much energy as LCD screens. A
display made with the technology could offer over 1,000 frames per
second. The metasurface could replace the liquid crystal layer in LCD
displays. Displays made with the metasurface don't require polarizers,
which are responsible for half of the wasted light intensity and
energy use in LCD displays. The metasurface is stable and does not
degrade over time. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HOW TO BUILD RECOMMENDATION ALGORITHMS AND SYSTEM DESIGNS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theinsaneapp.com/2021/03/system-design-and-recommendation-algorithms.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores the system design and recommendation algorithm
strategies of several well-known companies. It offers an overview of
each company's design approach and includes links to more detailed
articles. The companies include Airbnb, Amazon, Dropbox, Google Maps,
Netflix, Signal Messenger, Spotify, TikTok, Uber, Yelp, YouTube, and
Zoom. 

HALP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/orhun/halp?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

halp is a tool that can help find the correct arguments for
command-line tools. It has a list of commonly used options/flags and
can provide quick access to the manual page or cheat sheet of the
given command. halp is useful for those who frequently use the
command-line, as finding the right commands can be time-consuming. 

ELASTICSEARCH CHEATSHEET BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]


Elasticsearch gives you tons of health and performance data, but
making sense of it all isn‚Äôt easy. Use this cheatsheet to find the
key metrics to monitor
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]
Elasticsearch‚Äôs high-level cluster health, as well as search and
indexing performance, plus commands for correcting common performance
problems. Get the cheatsheet from Datadog now
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE END OF SILICON VALLEY (BANK) (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/the-death-of-silicon-valley-bank/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article details the events that occurred during the last few
months leading up to Silicon Valley Bank's collapse. Bank runs can
have devastating effects on banks, as they may not have enough assets
to pay out to all depositors. This can cause more depositors to start
withdrawing their funds, making matters worse. Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation insures accounts to avoid bank runs by ensuring
that depositors don't lose their money. Silicon Valley Bank had been
technically insolvent due to unliquidated assets, but it was expected
that they would eventually become liquid and pay their full value. 

FIRST REPUBLIC BANK SHARES PLUNGE, PROMPTING TRADING HALT AS STARTUPS
PROCESS SVB CRASH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/13/first-republic-bank-shares-plunge-prompting-trading-halt-as-startups-process-svb-crash/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


First Republic Bank shares experienced a significant decline in early
trades, leading to trades of the bank being paused, despite government
activity over the weekend to address the Silicon Valley Bank crisis
and potential contagion. The bank tried to address investor concerns
by announcing that it had raised its financial position through
additional liquidity from the Federal Reserve and JPMorgan Chase.
First Republic Bank possesses more than $70 billion in unused
liquidity to support its operations. Other regional banks were also
impacted by a trading hit. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BUILD SCALABLE IN-APP CHAT OR ACTIVITY FEEDS IN DAYS (SPONSOR)
[https://gstrm.io/tldrQ123] 

Stream is the leading provider of chat messaging and activity feed
technology for virtual events, communities, marketplaces, and more.
Get started with Stream for free! [https://gstrm.io/tldrQ123] 

SAMSUNG CAUGHT FAKING ZOOM PHOTOS OF THE MOON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/13/23637401/samsung-fake-moon-photos-ai-galaxy-s21-s23-ultra?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Samsung's Moon photography feature adds details that aren't present. 

GUARDRAILS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ShreyaR/guardrails?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Guardrails is a Python package for specifying structure and type,
validating, and correcting the outputs of large language models. 

IN HISTORIC LAST-MINUTE DEAL, HSBC ACQUIRES SILICON VALLEY BANK UK,
SAYS ALL DEPOSITORS‚Äô MONEY IS SAFE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/13/in-historic-last-minute-deal-hsbc-acquires-silicon-valley-bank-uk-says-all-depositors-money-is-safe/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


HSBC UK has acquired Silicon Valley Bank UK for a symbolic ¬£1, which
means SVB UK will not be put into insolvency. 

HOW VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENTS WORK (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://snarky.ca/how-virtual-environments-work/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An explanation of virtual environments in Python and how they work. 

Y COMBINATOR CUTS NEARLY 20% OF STAFF, SCALES BACK GROWTH STAGE
INVESTMENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/13/y-combinator-cuts-nearly-20-of-staff-scales-back-growth-stage-investments/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Y Combinator will be writing fewer checks toward late-stage companies.


STANFORD ALPACA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tatsu-lab/stanford_alpaca?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stanford Alpaca is an instruction-following LLaMA model. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR - TLDR WEB DEV NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $31,200+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-web-dev-newsletter-curator/401] 

TLDR is hiring a TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator to curate the most
interesting stories in web development 3 nights a week for a web dev
newsletter that already has 200,000 pre-launch sign ups. 

KAINOS - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer/377] 

Kainos is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to help build out the next
generation of features for its Smart Product Suite which helps
hundreds of customers maximize their return on investment from
Workday. 

FLANDERS MARINE INSTITUTE (VLIZ) - CLOUD DATA ENGINEER (WEST FLANDERS,
BELGIUM, $40,000 - $85,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer/377] 

Flanders Marine Institute is hiring a Cloud Data Engineer to build on
a system for an organization that promotes the accumulation of marine
knowledge and excellence in marine research. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e5c50a62-c236-11ed-bf8c-3d73858eb611&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678788033&t=1678792631&s=0d4a7285cec516177562b84778d70928b8e86f4bd3935c75d964a74a332d7432].


¬†