# Articles TLDR 19-06-2023

Some moderators participating in the protest against Reddit API
changes received messages from the company¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0f5b0204-0e78-11ee-9b23-51059d9b484d&pt=campaign&t=1687172931&s=8c3e4bd805d68bde82ab455243411a1d7e71777e6fdbed46ae6db273b7a527b9]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-06-19

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

HERE'S THE NOTE REDDIT SENT TO MODERATORS THREATENING THEM IF THEY
DON'T REOPEN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/16/23763538/reddit-blackout-api-protest-mod-replacement-threat?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some moderators participating in the protest against the Reddit API
changes received messages from the company saying to reopen their
subreddits or be removed from their positions. Many large subreddits
have reopened out of fear that their mod teams will be forcibly
replaced. A Reddit spokesperson has confirmed that moderators taking
part in the protest may be in violation of the code of conduct. The
company is planning to pursue changes that would let regular users
vote moderators out more easily. 

INTRODUCING VOICEBOX: THE MOST VERSATILE AI FOR SPEECH GENERATION (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://about.fb.com/news/2023/06/introducing-voicebox-ai-for-speech-generation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Voicebox is an AI model from Meta that can perform speech generation
tasks that it wasn't specifically trained to do through in-context
learning. It can produce high-quality clips and edit pre-recorded
audio while preserving the content and style of the audio. Voicebox is
multilingual and can produce speech in six languages. Examples of
clips generated by Voicebox are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ULTRA-LOW-COST SMARTPHONE ATTACHMENT MEASURES BLOOD PRESSURE AT HOME
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/06/ultra-low-cost-smartphone-attachment-measures-blood-pressure-at-home/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

BPClip is a cell phone attachment that can measure blood pressure with
comparable readings to those taken with a traditional cuff. It
consists of a plastic clip with a spring mechanism that lets the user
squeeze the device. An ultra-low-cost blood pressure device could help
make diagnosis and treatment for hypertension more accessible to
marginalized populations. The design still needs to be refined before
it is ready for mass production. Details about how the device works
are available in the article. 

NEW NANO-TATTOOS DON'T NEED BATTERIES OR WIRES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/nano-tattoo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers from Istanbul have created nanotattoos capable of passive
wireless communications with nearby devices without the need for an
external power source. Backscattering-based nanotattoo sensor (BNTS)
tattoos are made by painting a zinc oxide ink containing embedded
nanowires on top of a graphene aerogel conductive ink using separate
needles. As the tattoos change shape, they convert mechanical energy
into electrical energy. Data from the tattoos can be extracted using a
smartphone. The tattoos can be placed on any surface, not just on the
human body. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GPT ENGINEER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/AntonOsika/gpt-engineer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GPT Engineer can generate entire code bases based on a prompt. It is
easy to adapt and extend and it can learn code styles. GPT Engineer
will ask for clarification before it starts to build. A video demo is
available. 

PANDA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chakra-ui/panda?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Panda is a universal styling solution for the modern web. It allows
developers to write type-safe styles with ease. Panda has TypeScript
support out-of-the-box, a low learning curve, and a great developer
experience. It generates modern CSS code at build-time with features
like cascade layers, :where selectors, and CSS variables. Panda works
everywhere, including in server components. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MARK ZUCKERBERG WAS EARLY IN AI. NOW META IS TRYING TO CATCH UP. (14
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.md/eTVYO?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mark Zuckerberg saw the promise for artificial intelligence a decade
ago and invested large amounts of money into its advancement, hiring
one of its early visionaries, Yann LeCun, to lead the charge. Meta
fell behind in the field and is now scrambling to refocus its
resources to generate usable AI products and features. It previously
prioritized academic discoveries while struggling to capitalize on
their commercial potential. Meta had attempted to launch several
chatbots before ChatGPT was released but these systems were criticized
for their incorrect and biased answers. 

GPT-4 CAN USE TOOLS - NOW THAT'S A BIG DEAL (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/chain-of-thought/gpt-4-can-use-tools-now-that-s-a-big-deal?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The GPT API was recently updated with a tool called function calling.
Function calling allows GPT to call out to external code, databases,
or other APIs whenever it needs to. GPT can decide which tools to use
and when. This ability makes GPT models significantly more powerful as
it helps them overcome many of their limitations. It also makes some
open-source projects obsolete. OpenAI's release should remind
developers that projects built at the infrastructure layer can be
easily obviated by a future OpenAI update. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE GETS GO-AHEAD TO BUILD 153-ACRE BAY AREA NEIGHBORHOOD BY
HEADQUARTERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sfgate.com/tech/article/google-mountain-view-development-headquarters-18156676.php?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The 30-year project will include over 3 million square feet of office
space and 7,000 residential units. 

LANGUAGE MODELS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jncraton/languagemodels?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This package makes it easy for learners and educators to explore how
large language models intersect with modern software development on
any computer with 512MB of RAM. 

REDDITS AVERAGE DAILY TRAFFIC FELL DURING BLACKOUT, ACCORDING TO
THIRD-PARTY DATA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/reddits-average-daily-traffic-fell-during-blackout-according-to-third-party-data-194721801.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Similarweb reported a 6.6% drop in traffic for Reddit on June 13. 

IMAGINARY PROBLEMS ARE THE ROOT OF BAD SOFTWARE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://cerebralab.com/Imaginary_Problems_Are_the_Root_of_Bad_Software?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Intelligent people will make up imaginary problems when tasks are
boring - this can lead to the creation of solutions that ignore
clients' basic requests. 

HOME, SMART HOME (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23751315/smart-home-energy-microgrid-efficiency-independent?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Homes built in California's first planned smart solar-powered
residential microgrid community can proactively respond to and manage
energy use, for example, by changing power sources or reducing energy
use when prices and demand spike. 

MODERN CSS FOR DYNAMIC COMPONENT-BASED ARCHITECTURE (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://moderncss.dev/modern-css-for-dynamic-component-based-architecture/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article explores modern web project architecture, features to
improve code organization, and examples of context-aware components
that use cutting-edge CSS techniques. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0f5b0204-0e78-11ee-9b23-51059d9b484d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687168819&t=1687172931&s=bf8ec5d76867952f2681fa2f807e970d6af78558199fd5681670c91d64eb271a].