# Articles TLDR 27-04-2023

Meta is exploring was to introduce AI agents into chat, visual
creation tools, video, and multi-modal experiences.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9a1fa6d2-e4d0-11ed-abf9-d73f5d75911a&pt=campaign&t=1682593326&s=9ceb4dcc4f892775cf4bc01d977632534dbd78bf0d952729839eae80ba0770e0]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-04-27

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MARK ZUCKERBERG SAYS META WANTS TO ‚ÄòINTRODUCE AI AGENTS TO BILLIONS
OF PEOPLE‚Äô (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/26/23699633/mark-zuckerberg-meta-generative-ai-chatbots-instagram-facebook-whatsapp?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta is exploring was to introduce AI agents into chat, visual
creation tools, video, and multi-modal experiences. It aims to develop
tools that will be valuable for everyone. The work on AI agents will
extend into the company's metaverse project. Meta says that it is no
longer behind in its AI infrastructure. Its new generative AI products
will be released in the coming months. 

MICROSOFT PHONE LINK BRINGS IMESSAGE TO WINDOWS TODAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/microsoft-phone-link-barely-brings-imessage-to-windows-today/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is rolling out limited support for iMessage in Windows 11
via the Phone Link app over the next few weeks. iPhone users will be
able to use Phone Link to make and take calls, read and respond to
text messages, see notifications, and access their iOS contacts list.
Phone Link is unable to participate in group messaging or send or
receive images or videos. The features will only work with iPhones on
iOS 14 or later that are connected to a Windows 11 PC via Bluetooth. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NEW NANOPARTICLES CAN PERFORM GENE EDITING IN THE LUNGS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.mit.edu/2023/new-nanoparticles-can-perform-gene-editing-lungs-0330?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Engineers at MIT and the University of Massachusetts Medical School
have developed a new type of nanoparticle that can deliver encoding
messenger RNA in lungs. Injected nanoparticles usually accumulate in
the liver. The team created a new lipid nanoparticle that can target
cells in the lung that are of interest for lung diseases. Further
development of the technology could result in inhalable treatments for
cystic fibrosis and other lung diseases. 

AFTER NEARLY TWO YEARS, VIRGIN GALACTIC‚ÄôS SPACE PLANE RETURNS TO THE
SKY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/after-nearly-two-years-virgin-galactics-space-plane-returns-to-the-sky/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Virgin Galactic's VSS Unity made its first flight independent of its
carrier since July 2021 on Wednesday. It was released at an altitude
of around 14 kilometers, where it then glided back to a runway in New
Mexico. If the review of the data from the flight goes well, the next
mission will be a powered spaceflight. Virgin Galactic aims to
commence commercial service during the second quarter of 2023. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PLATFORM ENGINEERING IN THE ERA OF LLMS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://serce.me/posts/26-04-2023-platform-engineering-in-the-era-of-llms?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Platform engineers create efficient and reliable platforms for product
engineers to build upon. It is important for platform engineers to
know how to get the maximum benefits from using large language models
as product engineers start rapidly adopting LLM-based tools. This
article discusses areas that product engineers should focus on that
will ensure that their colleagues can use the full potential of AI
tools for maximum productivity. Making engineering environments
LLM-friendly will ensure that engineers will be able to use the latest
LLM-based assistants as they become available. 

DEEPFLOYD IF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/deep-floyd/IF?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

DeepFloyd IF is a modular model designed to generate high-quality
images from text prompts. The base model creates 64x64 pixel images,
while two super-resolution models create 256x256 px and 1024x1024 px
versions of the image. DeepFloyd IF achieves a zero-shot FID score of
6.66 on the COCO dataset, outperforming current state-of-the-art
models. Examples of images generated by DeepFloyd IF are available in
the repository. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MEET THE PEOPLE WHO USE NOTION TO PLAN THEIR WHOLE LIVES (8 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/cq0Nq?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article looks at the different ways that people are using Notion.
A growing number of people are using Notion to organize their personal
lives. Notion is software intended for work, but it can be used to
track habits, make schedules, create and share lists, and more. Its
high level of customizability sets it apart from other work apps and
is what makes it so popular. 

WHY DOES DID GOOGLE BRAIN EXIST? (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.moderndescartes.com/essays/why_brain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google Brain and DeepMind merged into 'Google DeepMind' last week,
killing the Brain brand. Google Brain hosted a lot of research
projects, many seemingly just for research's sake, but some of it has
resulted in breakthrough technologies like TensorFlow, TPUs, JAX, and
Transformers. Its bottom-up, research culture contributed strongly to
these breakthroughs. The DeepMind merger will likely result in project
cancellations, mergers, and reallocations of headcounts. There will
probably be clashes between DeepMind's top-down culture with Brain's
bottom-up culture. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FIRST REPUBLIC'S DRAMATIC SLIDE CONTINUES AS REGIONAL BANK LOOKS FOR
RESCUE DEAL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/26/first-republic-continues-dramatic-slide-as-it-searches-for-rescue-deal.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


First Republic's shares have dropped more than 90% year to date,
hitting an all-time low on Wednesday. 

PAYMENTS 101 FOR A DEVELOPER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/juspay/hyperswitch/wiki/Payments-101-for-a-Developer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This guide discusses core concepts developers need to know about
payments. 

AMAZON STARTS LAYOFFS IMPACTING HR AND CLOUD UNIT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/26/amazon-starts-layoffs-impacting-hr-and-aws-cloud-unit.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The most recent round of layoffs is expected to affect 9,000
employees. 

TECH JOBS REMAIN A GOOD BET DESPITE MASS LAYOFFS IN SILICON VALLEY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/2023/04/26/1170522239/tech-job-openings-mass-layoffs-workers-silicon-valley-google-meta-amazon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are still plenty of tech jobs in the US even for those without
college degrees. 

PENTESTGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/GreyDGL/PentestGPT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

PentestGPT is a penetration testing tool powered by ChatGPT designed
to automate the penetration testing process. 

HOW BEREAL MISSED ITS MOMENT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/26/23698859/bereal-losing-interest-missed-opportunity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


BeReal's novelty is wearing off and the team failed to shop more than
a couple of user-facing features over the past nine months, leading to
a steep decline in monthly users. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=9a1fa6d2-e4d0-11ed-abf9-d73f5d75911a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682589621&t=1682593326&s=4c41ec15bdd28826a6e64ffeaabe98b57c53392448ad5fc5e8724be56c2dfda6].


¬†