# Articles TLDR 02-02-2023

Microsoft is reportedly working to incorporate GPT-4 into its Bing
search engine.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=626b3682-a2ba-11ed-834d-272c29bc987f&pt=campaign&t=1675339576&s=67df964a87e60c73bd83cfe641b477b07bedc26f9bb0982d20a644878d0ad633]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-02

WHAT IF YOU COULD AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


It‚Äôs 2023. Your engineering team needs to do more with less. But you
also need to have a secure and compliant platform to win customer
trust (and enterprise deals). What‚Äôs the solution?
Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
is the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001, and HIPAA
compliance (+ other frameworks). It connects to all your dozens of
SaaS apps, automatically collects evidence 24/7
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
and gives you insights and reports to track progress.

Find out why Drata raised $200M recently, and why it‚Äôs used by
thousands of companies. TLDR readers get 10% off and waived
implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT PLANS TO UPDATE BING WITH A FASTER VERSION OF CHATGPT IN THE
COMING WEEKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/01/report-microsoft-plans-to-update-bing-with-a-faster-version-of-chatgpt-in-the-coming-weeks/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is reportedly working to incorporate GPT-4 into its Bing
search engine. Integrating the technology into Bing would make the
search engine more competitive with Google Search. GPT-4 responds
faster and with more human-like answers than ChatGPT. OpenAI is
planning to introduce a mobile GPT app and test a new video-generating
AI. Microsoft recently extended its partnership with OpenAI with a
multi-year, multi-billion-dollar investment. 

GOOGLE IS ASKING EMPLOYEES TO TEST POTENTIAL CHATGPT COMPETITORS,
INCLUDING A CHATBOT CALLED 'APPRENTICE BARD' (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/31/google-testing-chatgpt-like-chatbot-apprentice-bard-with-employees.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is testing new AI-powered chat products that include a new
chatbot and a chatbot search engine integration. The project is being
tested by Google's Atlas cloud unit under a 'code red' effort.
Google's 'Apprentice Bard' chatbot can provide detailed answers
similar to ChatGPT. Its new search design can be used in a
question-and-answer form. Google has more reputational risk in
providing wrong information, so it is moving more conservatively than
smaller startups. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SAMSUNG, GOOGLE, AND QUALCOMM TEAM UP TO BUILD A NEW MIXED-REALITY
PLATFORM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/samsung-google-and-qualcomm-team-up-on-a-new-mixed-reality-platform/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Samsung, Google, and Qualcomm are working together on an upcoming
mixed-reality platform. There are few details available about its
development and timeline. The three companies already work together to
develop smartphones. Several virtual, augmented, and mixed-reality
devices are expected to be released this year, including Apple's $3000
mixed-reality headset, Sony's PlayStation VR 2, HTC's Vive XR Elite,
and Meta's Quest 3. 

A 3D PRINTER ISN‚ÄôT COOL. YOU KNOW WHAT‚ÄôS COOL? A 3D-PRINTING
FACTORY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/KLdd8?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Freeform Future Corp., a five-year-old startup based in Los Angeles,
wants to turn entire buildings into automated 3D-printing factories.
It has developed a technique that uses dozens of lasers to create
rocket engine chambers or car parts from metal powder. The company
estimates that this method could make metal parts 25 to 50 times
faster than current methods at a fraction of the cost. It has raised
$45 million so far from investors including Founders Fund, Threshold
Ventures, and Valor Equity Partners. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TRIGGER.DEV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/triggerdotdev/trigger.dev?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Trigger.dev is a developer-first Zapier alternative. It makes it easy
for developers to create event-driven background tasks. Developers can
use Trigger.dev to subscribe to webhooks, schedule jobs, run
background jobs, add long delays, and build, test, and run workflows
locally. Trigger.dev provides full visibility of every run for easier
monitoring and debugging. 

KUBERNETES LEARNING ROADMAP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/techiescamp/kubernetes-learning-path?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a roadmap for learning Kubernetes from
scratch. It covers Kubernetes architecture, clusters, objects and
resources, case studies, and templating tools. The roadmap is still
being built and many sections are still in progress. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PASSWORD STRENGTH EXPLAINED (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://palant.info/2023/01/30/password-strength-explained/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is important to have a strong master password. There is a lot of
confusion as to what constitutes a strong password. This article
discusses password strength and makes recommendations on how to choose
a truly strong password. One way to generate an easy-to-remember and
secure password is to use a word list and dice. Even with a strong
password, people are still vulnerable to security issues such as
outdated settings in password managers. 

LAYOFFS BROKE BIG TECH‚ÄôS ELITE COLLEGE HIRING PIPELINE (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/SppdP?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Most tech interns were not worried by the rumors of hiring freezes in
the summer of 2022. They were wrong and hundreds of thousands of jobs
were lost over the following months. Unlike other years, many interns
were not guaranteed return offers of full-time jobs prior to going
back to school. Soon-to-be graduates who assumed that they would
obtain employment have had to reconsider the value of these companies,
their own prospects, and what they want from their careers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STARTUP? APPLY TO LINODE RISE FOR UP TO $120K IN CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE
CREDITS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.linode.com/linode-for-startups/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-rise&utm_content=&utm_term=]


Grow your startup with powerful and easy-to-use cloud infrastructure,
cut your monthly cloud bills in half ‚Äî and get access to expert
cloud consulting, 24/7 support, and an awesome community. Check your
eligibility and apply here
[https://www.linode.com/linode-for-startups/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-rise&utm_content=&utm_term=]


THE AI CROWD IS MAD (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://proofinprogress.com/posts/2023-02-01/the-ai-crowd-is-mad.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The current discourse around AI is overly optimistic and needs to be
more nuanced in order to get a realistic understanding of its
potential. 

APITABLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/apitable/apitable?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

APITable is a low-code platform for building collaborative apps. 

OPENAI LAUNCHES CHATGPT PLUS, STARTING AT $20 PER MONTH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/01/openai-launches-chatgpt-plus-starting-at-20-per-month/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI will start inviting US customers on its waitlist and expand to
other regions soon. 

CYBERCRIME GROUPS OFFER SIX-FIGURE SALARIES, BONUSES, PAID TIME OFF TO
ATTRACT TALENT ON DARK WEB (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cyberscoop.com/cybercrime-groups-jobs-talent-dark-web/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Cybercrime groups are hiring developers, administrators, and designers
and offering high salaries and perks to attract the best. 

THE SAMSUNG GALAXY S23 ULTRA IS A MINOR UPDATE TO A SPEC MONSTER (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23578361/samsung-galaxy-s23-ultra-camera-specs-price-hands-on?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra comes with an updated processor, a new
200-megapixel main camera sensor, and a tweak to the form factor. 

CHATGPT SETS RECORD FOR FASTEST-GROWING USER BASE IN HISTORY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/chatgpt-sets-record-for-fastest-growing-user-base-in-history-report-says/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT reached an estimated 100 million active monthly users just two
months after launch. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR MEDIA - AI/ML/DATA SCIENCE NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $50
- $150/HR)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/ai%2Fml%2Fdata-science-newsletter-curator/258]


TLDR Media is hiring an AI/ML/Data Science Newsletter Curator to
curate links for a free daily newsletter with the most interesting
stories in AI/ML/Data Science. 

MARKISON PATENT PORTAL - LEAD SW/PLATFORM ARCHITECT (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-sw%2Fplatform-architect-/251] 

Markison Patent Portal is hiring a Lead SW/Platform Architect to lead
the software architectural design, platform selections, and
programming of its system that aims to revolutionize the US and
international patent industry. 

THORTECH SOLUTIONS - SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT (UNITED STATES, $190000 -
$230000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/solutions-architect/252] 

ThorTech Solutions is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Solutions
Architect to help build, run, and maintain their enterprise
applications in a Linux environment for a capital markets trading
company. 

GOODFIT.IO - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULL-STACK, TYPESCRIPT) (FULLY
REMOTE, $80000 - $110000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer-(full-stack%2C-typescript)/253]


goodfit.io is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build data
processing pipelines and backend services to provide B2B companies
with an efficient and automated data engine. 

EPB - LINUX SYSTEMS ENGINEER (CHATTANOOGA, TENNESSEE, $80000 - $10000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/linux-systems-engineer/254] 

EPB is hiring a Linux Systems Engineer to implement Information
Technology solutions for one of America‚Äôs largest publicly-owned
energy providers. 

FORTO LOGISTICS AG & CO. KG. - SENIOR BACKEND ENGINEER - TRANSPORT
DATA TEAM (BERLIN, GERMANY)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-engineer---transport-data-team/255]


Forto Logistics is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer to manage the
services handling external data provided by carriers and terminals for
a company that designs digital freight forwarding solutions. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=626b3682-a2ba-11ed-834d-272c29bc987f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675335640&t=1675339576&s=a4dd39efefd95799e4a5920021536da2514fab5064753d6ff527d2673747f981].


¬†