# Articles TLDR 13-06-2023

The large number of subreddits shifting to private to protest Reddits
new API pricing terms caused Reddit to crash¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=197e2bf4-09ae-11ee-962c-e9ba2f4e3a57&pt=campaign&t=1686654502&s=be53e8bf32afbb059a36942b4d79c82a735f1f9df4a8075c6ed016c355002510]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=june23]

TLDR 2023-06-13

NON-TOXIC ENGINEERING METRICS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=june23]

Between GitHub, Jira/Linear, and Slack, engineering teams create a lot
of data. But measuring the wrong things can destroy motivation and
productivity.
Swarmia has identified key metrics
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=june23]
that are more signal than noise (including DORA and SPACE) ‚Äî and
makes them available to engineering leaders, managers, and teams. No
leaderboards, no individual performance data.

Swarmia is trusted by high-performing engineering teams
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=june23]
at Vercel, Outreach, and Pleo. You can check it out with a 14-day free
trial, a live demo, or the free startup plan for smaller teams.

Learn more about what you can (and can‚Äôt) measure with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=june23]
üìè

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

REDDIT CRASHED BECAUSE OF THE GROWING SUBREDDIT BLACKOUT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/12/23758002/reddit-crashing-api-protest-subreddit-private-going-dark?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The large number of subreddits shifting to private to protest Reddit's
new API pricing terms caused Reddit to crash. Reddit started
experiencing issues on Monday morning. The outage was fully resolved
by 1:28PM ET. More than 7,000 subreddits have gone private or
read-only as part of the protest. Some subreddits will return to
normal on June 14, but others have decided to continue the protest
until changes are made. Reddit said on Sunday that it wasn't planning
any changes to what's been announced. 

THIS IS TWITTER'S NEW CEO'S FIRST EMAIL TO EMPLOYEES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/12/23758258/twitter-ceo-linda-yaccarino-first-employee-memo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Twitter's new CEO Linda Yaccarino sent her first memo to employees on
Monday, marking her start at the company. Yaccarino is a long-time
advertising executive and her main task will be to rebuild Twitter's
ads business. Elon Musk will continue overseeing Twitter's product and
engineering teams. A copy of Yaccarino's full email to Twitter
employees is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SOL READER IS A VR HEADSET EXCLUSIVELY FOR READING BOOKS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/09/sol-reader/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sol Reader is a VR headset built specifically for reading books. The
device blocks all distractions while reading. It uses side-lit e-ink
displays and comes with a remote. A full charge lasts for around 25
hours. The device is available for pre-order for $350. 

HUGELY AMBITIOUS SELF-SUFFICIENT FLOATING CITY TO HOST 40,000 PEOPLE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/architecture/dogen-city-floating-self-sufficient/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

N-Ark's floating city project, Dogen City, will be designed to handle
rising sea levels and provide power, food, and water for up to 40,000
people. The city, which will measure 4 kilometers in circumference,
will host tourism, medical facilities, and space rockets. N-Ark is
planning for approximately 10,000 full-time inhabitants, with up to
30,000 tourists visiting at any time. The company plans to have Dogen
City in use by 2030. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CHROME FOR TESTING: RELIABLE DOWNLOADS FOR BROWSER AUTOMATION (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/chrome-for-testing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chrome for Testing is a new Chrome flavor that targets web app testing
and automation use cases. Setting up adequate browser testing
environments is a commonly reported web developer pain point. Chrome
for Testing doesn't auto-update and a versioned binary will be made
available for every Chrome release. ChromeDriver releases will now
align with Chrome releases. 

WAKU (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dai-shi/waku?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Waku is a minimalistic React framework. It supports exportable builds,
static site generation, and more. Diagrams showing how Waku's
architecture works are available. 

FERN¬†- THE FUTURE OF API DEVELOPMENT (GITHUB REPO¬†SPONSOR)
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

Fern¬†is an open source format for defining REST APIs.¬†You can think
of it like a programming language to describe your API - your
endpoints, types, errors, and examples.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile¬†already
use¬†Fern¬†to develop their APIs and generate their¬†SDKs,¬†check us
out on GitHub [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A DEVELOPER'S VIEW OF VISION PRO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.david-smith.org/blog/2023/06/12/new-post/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple's Vision Pro justifies its expensive price tag by delivering an
incredible user experience. Apps for the device will likely go the
same way as apps for iOS, meaning there will probably be a rush to the
bottom with pricing and then a general user expectation that software
should be free. While there might not be the same gold rush for apps
on visionOS compared to on iOS, there are still many reasons for
developers to be excited about the platform. 

KILLING COMMUNITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marginalia.nu/log/82_killing_community/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Online communities help people find a sense of belonging where they
might struggle to do so in real life. When a community grows too fast,
a stranger-culture emerges where people are more guarded. The sense of
belonging to the community is eroded, and people feel more anonymous.
Social media sites that are run like startups have to hit growth
targets to impress investors. This unsustainable growth destroys
communities and lowers the quality of interactions for users. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EMPLOY TALENT IN 150+ COUNTRIES IN THE MOST AFFORDABLE WAY - NO LOCAL
ENTITIES REQUIRED (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230613]

Remofirst makes global payroll and international HR affordable for
everyone, from startups to fortune 500s. As a TLDR reader, you‚Äôll
get 2 months free on your first global hires in any country
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230613].


AUDIOCRAFT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/facebookresearch/audiocraft?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Audiocraft is a library for audio processing and generation with deep
learning powered by MusicGen, a state-of-the-art controllable
text-to-music model. 

THE MODERN WAY OF SERVING IMAGES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://kurtextrem.de/posts/modern-way-of-img?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This guide covers responsive image techniques and introduces a novel
technique that aims to make img tags work almost like picture tags. 

OPENAI, DEEPMIND AND ANTHROPIC TO GIVE UK EARLY ACCESS TO FOUNDATIONAL
MODELS FOR AI SAFETY RESEARCH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/12/uk-ai-safety-research-pledge/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The UK's AI safety task force will focus on AI foundational models to
better understand the opportunities and risks of these systems. 

HOW TO BUY A SOCIAL NETWORK, WITH TUMBLR CEO MATT MULLENWEG (78 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23506085/wordpress-twitter-tumblr-ceo-matt-mullenweg-elon-musk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This interview with Tumblr CEO Matt Mullenweg covers the technical,
political, and social issues that come with purchasing a social
network. 

REDDIT IS BLOCKING LOGINS ON MOBILE FOR SOME USERS, ASKING THEM TO USE
THE OFFICIAL REDDIT APP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ghacks.net/2023/06/12/reddit-is-blocking-logins-on-mobile-for-some-users-asking-them-to-use-the-official-reddit-app/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some users were able to fix the issue by clearing Reddit site data and
cookies. 

VARDA: THE SPACE DRUG FACTORY (43 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/varda-the-space-drug-factory?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Varda's space drug manufacturing factory will run tests while orbiting
Earth for just over a month before coming back down to the Utah desert
in mid-July. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=197e2bf4-09ae-11ee-962c-e9ba2f4e3a57&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686650419&t=1686654502&s=f0906d28d5ab68d834c8f3377a27f2e535963f40b5eabb2114099744224caca8].