# Articles TLDR 13-04-2023

Metas year of efficiency has so far translated into mass layoffs.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=36a85f88-d9cf-11ed-ac98-75ead4b81c9b&pt=campaign&t=1681383582&s=5afd3492ccfb2c7f316f19c23f89f4e018d70d1116bb33711bbfa46c232f951a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Pieces]
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion]

TLDR 2023-04-13

A SMALL AND SIMPLE DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY TOOL JUST GOT A BIG SHOUTOUT
FROM GITHUB! (SPONSOR)
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion]


THE TEAM BEHIND PIECES FOR DEVELOPERS
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion]
IS ON A MISSION TO _REIMAGINE THE BASICS OF PERSONAL PRODUCTIVITY_.

What they‚Äôve built is probably the most advanced code snippet
manager/workflow helper to date üòÖ

Their simple yet creative features didn‚Äôt go unnoticed and the
Developer Advocates at GitHub had Tsavo Knott (CEO) on for an awesome
live-stream & demo
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion]
out to the world.

Audience Favorites from Event:

	*
Paste a snippet/screenshot and watch it auto-magically extract/enrich
with metadata+context
[https://pieces.app/something-big?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion#enrich]

	*
One-click snippet transforms
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion#transform]:
convert to boilerplate, improve readability/performance, translate
between languages/frameworks

	*
Global Search‚Ä¶Google for your Code Snippets
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion#search].
Offline. On-Device.

Checkout Highlight Clips
[https://pieces.app/something-big/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_github_promotion#highlights]
- They Won‚Äôt Disappoint ü§ù

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI LOOKS BEYOND DIFFUSION WITH ‚ÄòCONSISTENCY‚Äô BASED IMAGE
GENERATOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/12/openai-looks-beyond-diffusion-with-consistency-based-image-generator/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI's consistency models can do simple tasks an order of magnitude
faster than image generation models like DALL-E. While diffusion
models learn how to gradually subtract noise from a starting image
made entirely of noise, consistency models are trained to take an
image at any level of obscuration and generate a complete source image
in just one step. They don't make very good images yet, but the
technique demonstrates how it is possible to efficiently generate
images for next-generation use cases. Examples of pictures generated
with consistency models are available in the article. 

GOOGLE LAUNCHES THE FIRST PUBLIC BETA OF ANDROID 14 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/12/google-launches-the-first-public-beta-of-android-14/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has launched the first of four planned public beta releases of
Android 14. The beta is the first release that can be installed
over-the-air. It can only be installed on Pixel devices 4a 5G and
newer. The beta features a new back arrow and a smarter sharesheet. It
has per-app language settings and Google's previously announced new
privacy settings. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

EUROPE IS ABOUT TO LAUNCH ONE OF ITS MOST AMBITIOUS MISSIONS EVER (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/europe-is-about-to-launch-one-of-its-most-ambitious-missions-ever/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The European Space Agency is launching a large probe to Jupiter to
study its moons. The Jupiter Ice Moons Explorer (JUICE) is the largest
deep space mission launched by the ESA. It cost the agency 1.5 billion
euros. JUICE will fly by the Earth and Venus several times to build up
the energy required to reach Jupiter. It aims to enter Jupiter's orbit
in 2031. JUICE will orbit around Jupiter until 2034, when it is
planned to enter orbit around Ganymede. A link to the livestream of
the launch, which is scheduled for 8:15 am EDT, is available in the
article. 

AGEING STUDIES IN FIVE ANIMALS SUGGESTS HOW TO REVERSE DECLINE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-01040-x?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A study has found that aging seems to affect cellular processes in the
same way across humans, fruit flies, rats, mice, and worms. A variety
of molecular processes become less reliable as organisms age. Gene
mutations become more frequent, chromosomes get shorter, and
transcription becomes more error-prone. The study's findings open up
the possibility of developing drugs that target these factors to slow
down the aging process. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITHUB ACCELERATOR: OUR FIRST COHORT AND WHAT‚ÄôS NEXT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-04-12-github-accelerator-our-first-cohort-and-whats-next/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub Accelerator is an exploration into what sustainable open source
could look like. It is a 10-week program where open source maintainers
receive a sponsorship of $20,000 to work on their projects. The
program pairs members with guidance and workshops from open source
leaders to build reliable streams of funding for their work. GitHub
Accelerator aims to help maintainers and projects that want to make
open source a full-time career. The program has just announced its
first cohort of 20 projects and 32 participants. 

ARROYO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ArroyoSystems/arroyo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Arroyo is a distributed stream processing engine designed to
efficiently perform stateful computations on streams of data. It can
operate on both bounded and unbounded sources and emit results as soon
as they are available. Arroyo lets users ask complex questions of
high-volume real-time data with subsecond results. It can be used for
real-time product and business analytics, to detect fraud and security
incidents, for real-time ML feature generation, and more. 

LIVE WEBINAR WITH DATADOG: MONITOR AND OPTIMIZE YOUR FRONTEND
APPLICATIONS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/webinars/ux-dem-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-rum-ww-ux-dem-webinar]


Learn how to use monitoring to build better digital experiences!
Discover how to monitor your applications proactively
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/webinars/ux-dem-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-rum-ww-ux-dem-webinar]
with Synthetic Monitoring and Real User Monitoring (RUM); resolve
issues faster with end-to-end distributed tracing; and easily analyze
uptime, SLO, Core Web Vitals, and conversion rate metrics. Join the
live session and Q&A on April 27 (multiple time zones).
[https://www.datadoghq.com/dg/webinars/ux-dem-na/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-rum-ww-ux-dem-webinar]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MASS LAYOFFS AND ABSENTEE BOSSES CREATE A MORALE CRISIS AT META (9
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/3Vzw0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta's 'year of efficiency' has so far translated into mass layoffs.
There have been two rounds of cuts over the past six months, with two
more to come that will eliminate over 21,000 positions. Some of Meta's
top executives have moved away and are managing large parts of the
company from London and Tel Aviv. There is increased scrutiny in
workplace reviews and workers are being asked to justify why their
jobs are crucial to Meta's goals. Workers are creating memes about how
much time they have left in the company. 

TECH COMPANIES RAID TOP UNIVERSITY CAMPUSES FOR RARE AI TALENT (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/IXv1j#selection-1515.19-1515.65?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tech companies are offering lucrative salaries and funding offers to
students at top colleges to lure in technical talent. Undergrads and
Ph.D.s are being offered large salaries and endless research funding.
The recruiting is so aggressive that some universities are seeing a
slowdown in enrollments for AI Ph.D.s. Some companies are allowing
students to work part-time while they continue their studies. The
hiring is fueled by companies' fear of falling behind in the AI race. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NO, FUSION ENERGY WON‚ÄôT BE ‚ÄòLIMITLESS‚Äô (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/WoCwC?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Fusion energy will likely be more costly than wind or solar power. 

ELON MUSK SAYS HE‚ÄôS SLEEPING ON A SEVENTH FLOOR LIBRARY COUCH AT
TWITTER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/5mKWi#selection-497.309-581.89?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk talked about a range of topics related to Twitter during a
recent interview, including the site's open sourcing of its
recommendation algorithm, the company's financial situation, Twitter's
growth, and advertisers returning to the site. 

SCAFFOLDED LLMS AS NATURAL LANGUAGE COMPUTERS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.beren.io/2023-04-11-Scaffolded-LLMs-natural-language-computers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scaffolded LLM systems wrap a programmatic scaffold around an LLM core
and chain together individual LLM calls to achieve larger and more
complex tasks. 

THE GREAT TECH RESHUFFLING: HUBS OUTSIDE SILICON VALLEY ARE THRIVING
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/VCC2Y#selection-281.6-281.40?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Companies in Austin, Miami, New York, and other cities are receiving
relatively large increases in investments and deals, leading to many
tech workers leaving Silicon Valley. 

LINKEDIN ROLLS OUT WAYS TO VERIFY YOUR IDENTITY AND EMPLOYMENT,
WITHOUT A PRICE TAG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/12/linkedin-rolls-out-ways-to-verify-your-identity-and-employment-without-a-price-tag/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


LinkedIn is partnering with CLEAR, a secure identity platform, to
provide identity and employment verification for users within the US
for free. 

DATABRICKS RELEASES DOLLY 2.0, THE FIRST OPEN, INSTRUCTION-FOLLOWING
LLM FOR COMMERCIAL USE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/databricks-releases-dolly-2-0-the-first-open-instruction-following-llm-for-commercial-use/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dolly 2.0 is a large language model that is open-sourced to use for
commercial purposes. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=36a85f88-d9cf-11ed-ac98-75ead4b81c9b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681380019&t=1681383582&s=f09a818d3ee1d7a036fbb75084d6e2f01dfa187321b1daaf95dbc28337179dc5].


¬†