# Articles TLDR 26-09-2023

OpenAI is rolling out a version of ChatGPT that allows users to prompt
the AI by speaking aloud or uploading a picture¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=1c41d4ee-5c42-11ee-8ca4-1de77c17b0f2&pt=campaign&t=1695725074&s=ad105ec070fbf831437e2047e1627da930560af176ae82b97e94f02411ed572d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]

TLDR 2023-09-26

NON-TOXIC ENGINEERING METRICS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]

Between GitHub, Jira/Linear, and Slack, engineering teams create data
for days.
Engineering work CAN be measured. But if you measure the wrong things,
you‚Äôll destroy motivation and productivity.

Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]
has identified key metrics
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]
that are more signal than noise (think DORA and SPACE), and metrics
that you should avoid at all costs.

In: ‚úÖ¬†Business outcomes. ‚úÖ¬†Flow. ‚úÖ¬†Developer experience.

Out: ‚ùå¬†Leaderboards. ‚ùå¬†Individual performance data.

Learn more about what you can (and can‚Äôt) measure with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]
üìè

(P.S. Swarmia‚Äôs software is trusted by high-performing
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]
engineering teams at Outreach, Factorial, and Pleo. You can check it
out with a 14-day free trial
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23],
a live demo
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23],
or the free-forever startup edition
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=september23]
for smaller teams.)

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

YOU CAN NOW PROMPT CHATGPT WITH PICTURES AND VOICE COMMANDS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/25/23886699/chatgpt-pictures-voice-commands-ai-chatbot-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is rolling out a version of ChatGPT that allows users to prompt
the AI by speaking aloud or uploading a picture. It will be available
for paying customers in the next two weeks and for everyone else soon
after. The image search feature will include a drawing tool to help
make queries more clear. Users will be able to prompt the bot to
refine answers. 

AMAZON TO INVEST UP TO $4 BILLION IN AI STARTUP ANTHROPIC (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/amazon-to-invest-up-to-4-billion-in-ai-startup-anthropic/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon has agreed to invest up to $4 billion in Anthropic, an AI
startup. It will initially invest $1.25 billion with the option to
increase its investment up to a total of $4 billion. Google, which is
also an investor in Anthropic, plans to raise its investment by up to
$5 billion over the next two years. Anthropic will use AWS as a
primary cloud provider for mission-critical workloads as part of the
deal. It will provide AWS customers with early access to unique
features for model customization and fine-tuning capabilities. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPOTIFY USING AI TO CLONE AND TRANSLATE PODCASTERS‚Äô VOICES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.digitaltrends.com/movies/spotify-using-ai-to-clone-and-translate-podcasters-voice/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Spotify has unveiled a new AI-powered feature that translates podcasts
into multiple languages using the same voices as those in the show.
The feature uses OpenAI's new voice generation technology, which only
needs a few seconds of audio to replicate a voice. Voice-translated
episodes from select creators are now available on Spotify. A list of
all the translated shows currently available can be viewed on
Spotify's Voice Translation hub, which is linked to in the article. 

JAPAN PHARMA STARTUP DEVELOPING WORLD-FIRST DRUG TO GROW NEW TEETH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2023/09/24/japan/science-health/japan-pharma-grows-new-teeth/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of scientists led by a Japanese pharmaceutical startup has
developed a drug that stimulates the growth of new teeth. It aims to
put the drug on the market by around 2030. The drug inhibits the
protein that suppresses the growth of teeth. Clinical trials for the
drug are expected to begin in around July 2024. A trial for children
between two and six years old born without some or all permanent teeth
is planned for 2025. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MINUM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/byronka/minum?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Minum is a minimalistic experimental web framework. It features an
in-memory database with disk persistence, server-side templating, a
logging and testing framework, HTML parsing, and more. Minum's
compiled size is just 150 kilobytes and it only has 3,757 lines of
production code, including required dependencies. 

SOFTWARE PACKAGING IS A NIGHTMARE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://cohost.org/PolyWolf/post/2613009-software-packaging-a?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The most common methods for distributing software packages and
creating environments to run them in are Share Everything and Share
Nothing. Share Everything is the classic model for software
environments, but it can be extremely limiting. The Share Nothing
approach is more likely to produce consistently working software, but
it can lead to a ton of bloat. This article looks at these methods of
distributing software packages and lays out an ideal build system
approach. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE OPPENHEIMER OF OUR AGE (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/sam-altman-artificial-intelligence-openai-profile.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sam Altman claims that the AI that his company is building could
destroy humanity. By his own assessment, we should feel good but not
great about him being our AI leader. He says that he's neither
emotionally nor demographically suited for the role. This article
takes a look at who Sam Altman is to give readers a better idea of the
kind of person he is. According to Silicon Valley's favorite Buddhist
monk, Sam Altman has a 'pure heart'. 

$700 A MONTH FOR A BED-SIZED ‚ÄòPOD‚Äô IN DOWNTOWN SAN FRANCISCO?
TECHIES ARE RENTING THEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://sfstandard.com/2023/09/23/san-francisco-pod-house-mint-plaza/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A pod is a group house structured like a pod hotel - a type of
sleeping space invented in Japan designed to cater to travelers on a
budget. A recent post by a tech entrepreneur went viral after he
posted pictures of the pod he was living in for $700 per month in San
Francisco. While the room is very small, it allows the startup founder
to live close to the action. Pictures of the pod are available in the
article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

REDDIT WILL START PAYING YOU REAL MONEY FOR GOOD POSTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/reddit-will-start-paying-you-real-money-for-your-karma/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Reddit has announced a contributor program that allows eligible users
to convert Reddit gold and karma into fiat currency. 

INSIDE THE RACE TO STOP A DEADLY VIRAL OUTBREAK IN INDIA (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/09/how-india-officials-contained-a-potentially-disastrous-nipah-virus-outbreak/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nipah is a deadly zoonotic virus that has a fatality rate in humans of
between 40% and 75%. 

THE MUSK ALGORITHM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/the-musk-algorithm-977bf312?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Elon Musk's algorithm involves questioning every requirement, deleting
any part or process if possible, simplifying and optimizing processes,
accelerating cycle times, and automating last. 

THE FIRST FOLDABLE PC ERA IS UNFOLDING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/the-first-foldable-pc-era-is-unfolding/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An overview of the current foldable laptop technologies available and
a look at what is yet to come. 

DITCH THE BELL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/EscherMoore/DitchTheBell?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Ditch The Bell is a desktop notifier for RSS/Atom feeds that allows
users to closely configure features of the freedesktop notification
specification to unlock the most customizable feed notification
experience possible on Linux. 

APPLE EXECUTIVES BREAK DOWN AIRPODS‚Äô NEW FEATURES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/apple-executives-break-down-airpods-new-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The AirPods' new features include Adaptive Audio, Personalized Volume,
Conversational Awareness, and Vision Pro connectivity for the AirPods
Pro 2. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=1c41d4ee-5c42-11ee-8ca4-1de77c17b0f2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695722416&t=1695725074&s=b25f99883cd1371b90b6c235ee67ab74492cdff31cbed9c6b0d5be432e2758dd].