# Articles TLDR 17-05-2023

Altman agreed that a new system to deal with AI was needed.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=481bd77e-f480-11ed-a787-f7265a8653ee&pt=campaign&t=1684321676&s=7c4405b20bd7cac57b8e9af32c8d5cb3361c5f8e3038d96b815c6769e4058a06]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-17

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED DURING OPENAI CEO SAM ALTMAN'S FIRST HEARING ON
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/16/openai-ceo-hearing-senators-aim-to-avoid-redo-of-social-media-harms.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lawmakers at the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on privacy and
technology stressed the importance of avoiding the errors Congress
made at the dawn of social media during a hearing on Tuesday. OpenAI's
Sam Altman testified at the hearing. Senators from both sides of the
aisle stressed the need to establish guardrails for the technology
before any harm is done. Although there weren't any specific
proposals, the lawmakers discussed new regulating agencies and
licensing AI. Altman agreed that a new system to deal with AI was
needed. Some lawmakers noted that it was refreshing for industry
executives to push for regulation as strongly as Altman did. 

IPHONES WILL BE ABLE TO SPEAK IN YOUR VOICE WITH 15 MINUTES OF
TRAINING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/16/23725237/iphone-personal-voice-speak-training-accessibility?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple has revealed a bundle of new accessibility features to be
released later this year, possibly with iOS 17. Personal Voice will
allow people to create synthesized voices with just 15 minutes of
audio. The feature uses on-device machine learning to keep data
private and secure. Assistive Access will offer streamlined versions
of core apps to lighten cognitive load. A new detection mode in
Magnifier is designed to help users interact with physical objects
using numerous text labels. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

TESLA BOT CAN WALK VERY SLOWLY AND PICK UP STUFF NOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/16/23726139/tesla-robot-update-video-shareholder-meeting?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla revealed new footage of their Tesla Bots during its shareholder
meeting event. The video shows the bots in a production-ready chassis.
The new model is able to move independently and has updated features,
including motor torque control, environment discovery, memorization,
and object manipulation. The bot was first revealed last year in a
deconstructed form and was unable to walk forward or perform any
manual labor. The video is available in the article. 

TWEAKING VEGETABLES‚Äô GENES COULD MAKE THEM TASTIER‚ÄîAND YOU‚ÄôLL
GET TO TRY THEM SOON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/tweaking-vegetables-genes-could-make-them-tastier-and-youll-get-to-try-them-soon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Plant breeders are using new gene-editing technology to make
vegetables taste better. Most breeding decisions favor plant traits
that benefit growers rather than consumers. There is a growing
interest in prioritizing flavor when breeding new vegetables as
technologies like CRISPR and DNA sequencing become cheaper and more
accessible. Some companies are using these tools to develop tastier
veggies, while others are using more traditional techniques. This
article discusses several efforts to change how our vegetables taste. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GUIDANCE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/microsoft/guidance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Guidance enables developers to control modern language models more
effectively and efficiently than traditional prompting or chaining. It
allows users to merge generation, prompting, and logical control into
a single continuous flow, matching how the language model actually
processes the text. Guidance features a simple, intuitive syntax,
playground-like streaming, smart seed-based generation caching,
support for role-based chat models, and easy integration with
HuggingFace models. 

TAILWIND VARIANTS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.tailwind-variants.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tailwind Variants combines the power of Tailwind with a first-class
variant API. It features slots, responsive variants, component
composition, and more. Tailwind Variants offers TypeScript
auto-completion and type-safety. It is framework agnostic and it
efficiently merges conflicting styles. 

AMAZON EC2 CHEATSHEET BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-ec2-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-ec2-cheatsheet]


All the commands and metrics you need to monitor your EC2 instances.
Easily find commands used to run status checks and collect vital EC2
health metrics
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-ec2-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-ec2-cheatsheet],
as well as parameters and dimensions used to query EC2 statistics.
There‚Äôs also a quick-start guide on using Datadog to collect metrics
and status information to monitor EC2 instances. Get the cheatsheet
now (free)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-ec2-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-ec2-cheatsheet]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE RISE OF FTX, AND SAM BANKMAN-FRIED, WAS A GREAT STORY. ITS
IMPLOSION IS EVEN BETTER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/DjOBu?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

FTX's founder, Sam Bankman-Fried, is the focus of several charges
leveled by federal prosecutors. These include money laundering,
bribery, and orchestrating a fraudulent scheme that resulted in the
multibillion-dollar misappropriation of customer money. Bankman-Fried
has pleaded not guilty. Michael Lewis was originally planning to just
check out Bankman-Fried as a favor to his friend in the fall of 2021,
but he ended up receiving a front-row seat to the scandal. His book
about Bankman-Fried is set to be released on October 3. 

THE RACE TO BRING GENERATIVE AI TO MOBILE DEVICES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/qo2Ww?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Generative AI may be soon integrated into mobile. The push towards
advanced AI in software and services has resulted in increased
computing costs for tech companies. Operating generative AI on mobile
devices could resolve one of the main economical issues with the
technology. Most of the work on tailoring models to handsets is still
at an experimental stage, so it is too early to see whether these
efforts will lead to truly useful mobile applications. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AIRPLANE: BUILD CUSTOM INTERNAL TOOLS WITHIN MINUTES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.airplane.dev/?utm_source=tldr_may2023] 

Airplane is the developer platform for building custom internal tools.
Transform scripts, queries, and APIs into UIs and workflows
[https://www.airplane.dev/?utm_source=tldr_may2023] within minutes.
Build admin panels, create multi-step workflows, schedule recurring
jobs, and more. Airplane is code-based so everything can be version
controlled, integrated with the rest of your codebase, and extended
using third-party libraries. Get started for free!
[https://www.airplane.dev/?utm_source=tldr_may2023]

TWITTER MAKES ITS FIRST ACQUISITION WITH A RECRUITING STARTUP (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.axios.com/2023/05/16/twitter-elon-musk-acquisition?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter bought a job-matching tech startup called Laskie. 

MICROSOFT IS SCANNING THE INSIDE OF PASSWORD-PROTECTED ZIP FILES FOR
MALWARE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/05/microsoft-is-scanning-the-inside-of-password-protected-zip-files-for-malware/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is attempting to bypass password protection in zip files on
its cloud services to scan them for malicious code. 

DEVPOD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/loft-sh/devpod?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

DevPod is a client-only tool to create reproducible developer
environments on any backend. 

TESLA TEASES ITS NEXT CAR WITH NEW IMAGE, SAYS IT‚ÄôS ALREADY BEING
BUILT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/05/16/tesla-teases-next-car-new-image/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk confirmed that Tesla is working on two new vehicles at the
company‚Äôs annual shareholder meeting. 

SELF-REPLACE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mitsuhiko/self-replace?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Self-replace is a utility that allows binaries to upgrade or uninstall
themselves. 

JAPAN‚ÄôS SLEEPY TECH SCENE IS READY FOR A COMEBACK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://restofworld.org/2023/japan-tech-industry-jobs-growing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Japan is the third-richest nation in the world, but its tech startup
scene has been held back for years, turning a once-futuristic nation
into a digital backwater. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=481bd77e-f480-11ed-a787-f7265a8653ee&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684317620&t=1684321676&s=5302381388461b58be4cf9c86475cbad27583f35010f42eeab97ac38be8cf115].


¬†