# Articles TLDR 20-03-2023

Microsoft‚Äôs Copilot is more than just a useful AI chatbot on the
sidebar.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d611d8e2-c6f1-11ed-a6e4-23762bfb8449&pt=campaign&t=1679311002&s=bb186102664cce44ef63c12b2c3ce354768424eeeac13e244dd459e282315b4b]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-20

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS NEW COPILOT WILL CHANGE OFFICE DOCUMENTS FOREVER (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/17/23644501/microsoft-copilot-ai-office-documents-microsoft-365-report?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft‚Äôs Copilot is more than just a useful AI chatbot on the
sidebar. It can offer suggestions for rewriting paragraphs, generate
entire documents, and command Office apps like Excel and PowerPoint.
In Excel, users can ask for Copilot's help to generate PivotTables,
create graphs, or understand rows and columns of data. Copilot's
integration into Microsoft‚Äôs products could change how people work
and communicate and may have a lasting effect on the job market. 

INSIDE ELON MUSK‚ÄôS COST-CUTTING DRIVE AT TWITTER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/inside-elon-musks-cost-cutting-drive-at-twitter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains a behind-the-scenes look at Elon Musk's attempts
to bring Twitter's finances under control through interviews with
current and former Twitter employees as well as people aware of Musk's
thinking, his public statements on Twitter, and messages to investors.
Recent layoffs at Twitter affected over 200 employees. The company had
already laid off half of its workforce following Musk's acquisition in
October. The layoffs have made the company leaner but more unstable,
with large portions of its business development and product teams
wiped out. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

RESEARCHERS HAVE CREATED TINY, ‚ÄòFAIRY-LIKE‚Äô ROBOTS THAT COULD
REPLACE DYING BUMBLEBEES: ‚ÄòSUPERIOR TO ITS NATURAL COUNTERPARTS‚Äô
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thecooldown.com/green-tech/tinkerbell-robots-fairy-crops-pollinate-fly/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Finnish researchers have developed incredibly light, small robots that
can fly. The Tinkerbell robots are porous and made of
stimuli-responsive polymers. They weigh only 1.2 milligrams and can be
controlled using light inputs. The robots are cost-effective and could
provide a practical solution to help maintain crop populations
globally. They could potentially be used to pollinate crops across the
world. 

THIS AFFORDABLE DEVICE WILL LET ANYONE CONNECT THEIR BRAIN TO A
COMPUTER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/88x99k/this-affordable-device-will-let-anyone-connect-their-brain-to-a-computer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The PiEEG is an affordable and easy-to-maintain electroencephalogram
device that can be added to a Raspberry Pi 3 or 4 model board. It is
capable of measuring brain electrical activity. The PiEEG can be used
for a variety of projects such as controlling robots or mechanical
limbs, sleep control, meditation control, and lie detection. It costs
between $250 and $350, making it cheaper than some other similar
devices. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TEMPLATE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/retrohacker/template?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Template is a lightweight JavaScript tool for building interactive web
applications. It is a single class that provides a simple and
efficient way to manage HTML templates. Template's primary focus is on
using web-native patterns. 

EIGHT GRAPHS THAT EXPLAIN SOFTWARE ENGINEERING SALARIES IN 2023 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/software-salaries-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains eight graphs showcasing data collected from job
search firms Dice and Hired. These companies collect data about
salaries, skills, and the overall job market for tech professionals
every year. The graphs look at tech salaries, the best-paying jobs,
what skills developers should focus on, and more. 

IF YOU WORK IN DATA OR ANALYTICS ENGINEERING, THIS VIRTUAL EVENT IS
FOR YOU (SPONSOR)
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


The Semantic Layer Summit is a free one-day virtual event featuring
talks from 30+ enterprise data leaders and industry experts ‚Äî
covering the latest in AI, BI, and data engineering. After a wildly
successful run of 7000+ registrants in 2022, the event is back this
year. Watch the 2022 talks on demand,
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
join the Slack channel,
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
or save your spot for the Semantic Layer 2023 Summit!
[https://www.semanticlayersummit.com/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=2023summit&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COULD YOU TRAIN A CHATGPT-BEATING MODEL FOR $85,000 AND RUN IT IN A
BROWSER? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Mar/17/beat-chatgpt-in-a-browser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is now possible to train a large language model similar to GPT-3
for less than $85,000. It may soon be possible to run a language model
entirely in a browser. LLaMA by Meta research offers a GPT-3 class
model that is replicable by other teams. The smallest model, LLaMA-7B,
was trained for 82,432 hours on A100-80GB GPUs at a cost of around $1
an hour. Fine-tuning the model can cost less than $100. 

NAVIGATING THE UNPREDICTABILITY OF EVERYTHING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/predict-the-future/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Predicting the future is notoriously difficult, but this does not mean
that strategic planning is senseless. It just means that better
prediction techniques are required. This article assesses different
approaches to market prediction to determine which ones are effective.
It provides a structure for making informed decisions in a highly
unpredictable world. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI WON‚ÄôT TAKE YOUR JOB. SOMEONE USING AI WILL. (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

Don‚Äôt get left behind! Try Brilliant‚Äôs bite-sized interactive
lessons to skill up on math, AI, neural networks, and more.¬†Try if
free for 30 days +¬†claim a 20% discount for TLDR readers
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

A $500 MILLION TERM SHEET IN 12 HOURS: HOW RIPPLING STRUCK A DEAL AS
SVB WAS MELTING DOWN (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/17/a-500-million-term-sheet-in-12-hours-how-rippling-struck-a-deal-as-svb-was-melting-down/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rippling secured $500 million in funding to insure against the likely
scenario that Silicon Valley Bank's meltdown wasn't resolved quickly. 

MICROSOFT IS TESTING A BUILT-IN CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET FOR THE EDGE
BROWSER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/microsoft-is-testing-a-built-in-cryptocurrency-wallet-for-the-edge-browser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Screenshots pulled from a beta build of Microsoft Edge (available in
the article) show a built-in cryptocurrency wallet in the browser. 

PANDERA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/unionai-oss/pandera?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

pandera is a data validation library that provides an API for
performing data validation on dataframe-like objects. 

MUSK SAYS TWITTER WILL MAKE TWEET RECOMMENDATION ALGORITHM CODE OPEN
SOURCE ON MARCH 31 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.shacknews.com/article/134640/musk-twitter-open-source-code-recommended-tweets-march-31?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk expects that open sourcing the code will result in the
discovery of many issues that Twitter will patch as soon as they're
found. 

ASK HN: WHAT HAS YOUR PERSONAL WEBSITE/BLOG DONE FOR YOU? (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35164819] 

This Hacker News thread contains many anecdotes from developers who
have started blogs and discusses the opportunities that those blogs
have created. 

GOOGLE NIXES PAYING OUT REMAINDER OF MATERNITY AND MEDICAL LEAVE FOR
LAID-OFF EMPLOYEES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/17/google-nixes-paying-out-rest-of-medical-leave-for-laid-off-employees.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


More than 100 former Google workers are asking executives to pay them
for leave that was approved before job cuts were announced in January.


üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

SOURCEGRAPH - PRODUCT MANAGER - PRODUCT MANAGER - SEARCH/AI (FULLY
REMOTE, $185,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-manager---search%2Fai/410] 

Sourcegraph is hiring a Product Manager to help launch the world‚Äôs
best coding assistant for a company with rich code intelligence data
and a powerful code search platform. 

CMSGOV - DATA SCIENTIST (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/data-scientist/418] 

CMSGov is hiring a Data Scientist to collect, organize, analyze, and
interpret unique and highly specialized data sets for an agency that
aims to advance health equity, expand coverage, and improve health
outcomes. 

BEX TECHNOLOGIES - SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $60 - $80)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer/415] 

bex technologies is hiring a Software Engineer to build scalable
products for a digital logistics platform in the construction
industry. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d611d8e2-c6f1-11ed-a6e4-23762bfb8449&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679306420&t=1679311002&s=9528edcfeb3d1f7c01ef7c2f2b78d00f8b764b9f33b39d70370d3fcf05246720].


¬†