# Articles TLDR 28-07-2023

Apple has released the fourth beta of iOS 17 to developers.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=12f32844-2d25-11ee-a2c9-4361a5bc7d42&pt=campaign&t=1690541142&s=8bf4b0a50a0330388e1848719f3220369ce4661c87b138349d172072e2f48351]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Merge]
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

TLDR 2023-07-28

INTEGRATE WITH 180+ SYSTEMS WITH ONE API ‚Äî SPECIAL OFFER FOR TLDR
READERS (SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

Merge
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
is a single API to power mission-critical integrations with customer
data: accounting, CRM, HR, ATS, file storage, ticketing, marketing
automation‚Ä¶
Build on one data model
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
for all the data your app needs to deliver customer value ‚Äî
continuously synced
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]
for each integration and connected customer account.

For example:

	* Ramp uses Merge to automatically provision customer credit cards
when new employees join

	* Drata uses Merge to read and write tickets to track and audit
customer compliance controls

	* Causal uses Merge to forecast customers‚Äô future revenue and
upsell potentials from their CRM data

Sign up for free and launch your next integration in days, not
quarters
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Primary]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IPHONE 15 PRO ACTION BUTTON OPTIONS POTENTIALLY REVEALED IN IOS 17
CODE: FLASHLIGHT, SHORTCUTS, VOICE MEMOS, AND MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/07/26/ios-17-beta-action-button-iphone-15-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple has released the fourth beta of iOS 17 to developers. There are
new code snippets contained within the beta that hint at functionality
for the rumored Action button on the upcoming iPhone 15 Pro and Pro
Max. The iPhone 15 Pro and Pro Max's Action button will reportedly
replace the Ring/Silent switch and allow users to quickly access
various functions and settings without unlocking the device or
navigating to an app. There will likely be nine options for features
that users can customer and assign to different actions - these are
listed in the article.

AN EPILOGUE TO MY TIME WORKING AT TWITTER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://esthercrawford.medium.com/an-epilogue-to-my-time-working-at-twitter-24a126098246?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article from Esther Crawford talks about her time working at
Twitter. Crawford sold her startup to Twitter in 2020. She describes
the experience as both amazing and terrible. The company often felt
siloed and bureaucratic and engineers had to act as politicians
instead of just building. The article covers topics such as what it is
like to work/interact with Elon Musk and the dangers of living in an
echo chamber.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

INTEL CEO: ‚ÄòWE‚ÄôRE GOING TO BUILD AI INTO EVERY PLATFORM WE
BUILD‚Äô (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/27/23810360/intel-pat-gelsinger-ai-every-platform-promise?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Intel's CEO was very bullish on AI during the company's Q2 2023
earnings call. The company plans to ship its first consumer chip with
a built-in neural processor for machine learning tasks later this
year. It plans to eventually integrate AI into everything it sells.
Integrating AI into consumer chips will allow AI processing to happen
at the edge rather than on the cloud, improving latency, bandwidth,
and costs.

FOR CHEAPER LITHIUM-ION BATTERIES, JUST ADD SALT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/lithium-battery?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The cost of lithium has increased tenfold since 2020. Scientists from
Arizona State University have proposed diluting lithium with sodium as
a solution to cutting the cost of batteries. The team found that a
lithium solution with up to 20 percent sodium mixed could remain
stable. However, the resulting structure did not possess the
properties necessary to create a viable battery.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

üìä [TECH TALK] FASTER BI WORKLOADS ON BIGQUERY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/modernizing-olap-and-bi-with-atscale-and-google-bigquery/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230726webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]

Google BigQuery can be insanely powerful - if it‚Äôs used correctly.
Watch this on-demand Tech Talk
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/modernizing-olap-and-bi-with-atscale-and-google-bigquery/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230726webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
to learn how you can use BigQuery + AtScale to deliver
speed-of-thought analytics without extracting data or maintaining
complex OLAP cube architectures.
SPEAKERS: Maruti C, Technical Architect at Google; Dave Mariani,
AtScale

>> Available on demand. Watch now for free
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/modernizing-olap-and-bi-with-atscale-and-google-bigquery/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230726webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]

ANNOUNCING OVERFLOWAI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/07/27/announcing-overflowai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Overflow AI is Stack Overflow's new plan to integrate generative AI
into its platform. It includes adding new search capabilities, the
ability to curate and build a knowledge base in minutes, Slack
integration, a Visual Studio Code extension, and a dedicated location
for AI resources and responses from experts. Developers interested in
helping Stack Overflow test its new AI-powered features can register
to help on the Stack Overflow Labs page. Stack Overflow aims to keep
its developer community at the center and ensure that the people who
contribute their knowledge are recognized for their efforts.

BLAZINGMQ (WEBSITE)
[https://bloomberg.github.io/blazingmq/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

BlazingMQ is a distributed message queueing platform. It provides a
set of message routing strategies and supports a unique multi-hop
network topology that leads to a distribution tree for each queue,
creating network bandwidth savings for certain use cases. Using
BlazingMQ can lead to significant savings in network and latency for
high fan-out workflows.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

JAPAN‚ÄôS POPULATION DROPS BY NEARLY 800,000 WITH FALLS IN EVERY
PREFECTURE FOR THE FIRST TIME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/jul/26/japan-population-how-many-people-drops-first-time-births-deaths?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Every prefecture in Japan posted a population drop in 2022. Japan's
total population dropped by more than 800,000 last year. Other
countries are likely set to follow Japan's lead. Japan's prime
minister has called the trend a crisis, but national policies have so
far failed to put a dent in population decline.

STACK OVERFLOW'S CEO DOESN'T UNDERSTAND STACK OVERFLOW (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://jlericson.com/2023/07/26/not_understanding.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Stack Overflow's CEO Prashanth Chandrasekar recently conducted an
interview where they discussed generative AI technology and Stack
Overflow's strategy around dealing with it. This article analyses
Chandrasekar responses in the interview. It presents the unedited
transcript along with the analysis to allow the reader to interpret
the original context. The analysis suggests that Chandrasekar hasn't
listened to the Stack Overflow community and that their understanding
of the site, its community, and culture is very surface-level.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

BUILDING AND OPERATING A PRETTY BIG STORAGE SYSTEM CALLED S3 (38
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2023/07/building-and-operating-a-pretty-big-storage-system.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This post covers three distinctive perspectives on scale that come
along with building and operating a storage system the size of S3.

APP STORE TO REQUIRE DEVELOPERS TO DESCRIBE WHY THEIR APPS USE CERTAIN
APIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/07/27/app-store-describe-app-api/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple's new policy requiring developers to justify their use of
certain APIs aims to crack down on fingerprinting.

WHERE DOES CLOUDFLARE STORE ITS DATA? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/BdKozlovski/status/1684098236426878976?s=20?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This Twitter post describes how Cloudflare stores its data on 15-20
PostgreSQL clusters.

ELON MUSK SAYS TWITTER WILL SOON ONLY OFFER DARK MODE BECAUSE IT‚ÄôS
‚ÄòBETTER IN EVERY WAY‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/27/23810140/elon-musk-twitter-x-dark-mode-only?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Many people have asked Twitter to preserve a light mode option even if
X switches to dark mode as a default.

PEERDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/PeerDB-io/peerdb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

PeerDB is a data-movement platform that makes moving data in and out
of Postgres fast and simple.

THE TWO CATEGORIES OF MILLIONAIRES AND BILLIONAIRES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Patticus/status/1684556264062296064?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There are net-takers and net-givers - most of the richest are
net-givers.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB
DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=12f32844-2d25-11ee-a2c9-4361a5bc7d42&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690538418&t=1690541142&s=f10f9a82e0e43a6ae9a3b82ba3e5055f8f0821f8763c2ced414fce5311df6f3c].


¬†