# Articles TLDR 04-04-2023

Apple filed a patent in September 2021 for an AirPods case design with
a built-in touchscreen display.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7c3d7c06-d2b6-11ed-ab4f-01fd19d559a0&pt=campaign&t=1680605982&s=7e5db9964e0b345cccf92258b5171b5219392237afd1a43babc101ab73c71cff]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-04

COMPLIANCE DOESN‚ÄôT HAVE TO BE SLOW AND TEDIOUS (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Tired of wasting countless hours on compliance tasks? Get audit-ready
with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]:

	*
Ditch the manual screenshots and spreadsheets for a smoother,
automated workflow.

	*
Simplify complex frameworks like GDPR with pre-mapped controls and
requirements
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text].

	*
Communicate directly with your auditor through the Audit Portal
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text].

	*
Access 75+ integrations: cloud service providers, security awareness
solutions, developer tools.

	*
Save up to 200+ hours of repetitive work.

Try Drata today with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE RESEARCHING AIRPODS CASE WITH BUILT-IN INTERACTIVE TOUCHSCREEN
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/03/apple-airpods-case-with-touchscreen/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple filed a patent in September 2021 for an AirPods case design with
a built-in touchscreen display. The design would allow users to
control audio sources and interact with associated apps. The patent
filing describes various features, including a capacitive touchscreen
with a GUI and a sensor that can detect when the case is squeezed.
Renderings and diagrams from the filing are available in the article. 

APPLE CEO TIM COOK TEASES AR/VR HEADSET AND MORE IN NEW INTERVIEW (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/03/apple-ceo-tim-cook-teases-ar-vr-headset/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple CEO Tim Cook hinted at the launch of a mixed-reality headset
during an interview with GQ. In the interview, Cook discussed Apple's
previous stance on glasses and headsets and why the company now has an
interest in AR/VR hardware. He also talks about his career,
premiership, and personal life. A link to a full transcript of the
interview is available. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A PASSENGER AIRCRAFT THAT FLIES AROUND THE WORLD AT MACH 9? SURE, WHY
NOT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/a-passenger-aircraft-that-flies-around-the-world-at-mach-9-sure-why-not/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Venus Aerospace is building a hypersonic aircraft that can carry
passengers at Mach 9 speeds. The aircraft will perform a ten-minute
rocket booster, bringing it to an altitude of approximately 50 km,
after take off. The company aims to achieve an airport-like
operational cadence of four daily flights. The aircraft will use a new
type of engine based on rotating detonation. This type of engine has
the potential to increase fuel efficiency in a variety of
applications, from ships to rocket engines. 

A DECADE LATER, THIS VR TREADMILL IS FINALLY READY TO SHIP (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/03/a-decade-later-this-vr-treadmill-is-finally-ready-to-ship/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Virtuix's Omni One is the inspiration behind the omnidirectional
treadmill featured in Ready Player One. It uses slip-on shoe covers
for simulated movements in VR, utilizing a tether for stability. The
OmnI One is now being shipped to beta users. It costs $2,595 and comes
with a customized Pico Neo 3 headset. A commercial version is set to
release later this year. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HOCUS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hocus-dev/hocus?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Hocus allows users to launch disposable development environments on
their own servers in a matter of seconds. Users can define their dev
environments as code and launch them immediately from their browsers.
Hocus serves as a capable self-hosted option for Gitpod and GitHub
Codespaces and integrates with any Git provider that supports the SSH
protocol. 

CSS TEXT-WRAP : BALANCE : CHROME DEVELOPERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-text-wrap-balance/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chrome Canary has added a new CSS feature called 'text-wrap: balance'
from CSS Text Level 4. This feature can enhance text layouts. It can
easily be accessed by enabling
chrome://flags/#enable-experimental-web-platform-features. This
article includes various examples that show how the use of this single
line of CSS code can substantially improve text layouts. 

MEET REDPANDA: THE STREAMING DATA PLATFORM THAT IS EASIER, FASTER,
SAFER, RESOURCE EFFICIENT, AND KAFKA¬Æ API-COMPATIBLE SO YOUR
APPLICATIONS WORK WITHOUT CODE CHANGES! (SPONSOR)
[https://university.redpanda.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter_sponsorship&utm_assettype=university&utm_assetname=university_main_landing_page]


Building real-time apps? Explore Redpanda, a new platform engineered
to remove complexity traditional to legacy Kafka. It‚Äôs up to 10x
more performant on 3x fewer resources! Check out these short tutorials
[https://university.redpanda.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_newsletter_sponsorship&utm_assettype=university&utm_assetname=university_main_landing_page]
to quickly learn about data streaming ‚Äî and dive deeper into
Redpanda at your own pace. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO DO HARD THINGS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/no-small-plans/how-to-do-hard-things?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) is a behavioral psychology
framework that emphasizes how our thoughts influence our behavior. It
offers tools for debugging when our minds get stuck. While ACT is
backed by over 800 randomized controlled studies, it is relatively
unknown outside of therapy circles. This article explains the basics
of ACT, how it can impact your life, and how to apply it. ACT can help
people approach the stress and uncertainty of entrepreneurship in a
refreshing way. 

THE TOR PROJECT‚ÄôS NEW PRIVACY-FOCUSED BROWSER DOESN‚ÄôT USE THE TOR
NETWORK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/3/23665477/mullvad-browser-tor-vpn-privacy-browser?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Tor Project has collaborated with Mullvad VPN to launch a new
privacy-focused browser. Mullvad browser connects to a VPN instead of
a decentralized onion network. Its goal is to make it difficult for
companies and advertisers to track users across the internet. Mullvad
browser is available on Mac, Linux, and Windows. It looks and
functions like Firefox. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DOGECOIN JUMPS OVER 30% AFTER MUSK CHANGES TWITTER LOGO TO IMAGE OF
SHIBA INU (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/03/dogecoin-jumps-over-30percent-after-twitter-changes-logo-to-doges-symbol.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Attorneys for Twitter and Elon Musk recently asked a federal judge to
dismiss a $258 billion lawsuit from 2022 that accused the billionaire
of manipulating Dogecoin's price. 

FASTCHAT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lm-sys/FastChat/#vicuna-weights?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


FastChat is a platform for training, serving, and evaluating large
language model based chatbots. 

GOOGLE TO CUT DOWN ON EMPLOYEE LAPTOPS, SERVICES AND STAPLERS FOR
'MULTI-YEAR' SAVINGS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/03/google-to-cut-down-on-employee-laptops-services-and-staplers-to-save.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google will cut down on fitness classes, stationary, and the frequency
of laptop replacements. 

HOW TO RUN A SHADOW LIBRARY: OPERATIONS AT ANNA‚ÄôS ARCHIVE (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://annas-blog.org/how-to-run-a-shadow-library.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An article on how to run a search engine for shadow libraries and the
challenges that come with operating a website with questionable legal
status. 

SILICON VALLEY PRIVATE SCHOOL GIVING KIDS "AI TUTORS" QUIETLY CREATED
BY OPENAI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/silicon-valley-school-ai-tutors-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Khanmigo is an AI-powered tutor from Khan Lab School created with the
help of OpenAI. 

LAGO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/getlago/lago?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Lago is a usage-based billing API for product-led Saas. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

PATHAI - SENIOR/STAFF SOFTWARE ENGINEER, FULL-STACK (FULLY REMOTE,
$135,000 - $180,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior%2Fstaff-software-engineer%2C-full-stack/473]


PathAI is hiring a Software Engineer to build new features and
refactor existing ones for a company on a mission to improve patient
outcomes with AI-powered pathology. 

HTC GLOBAL SERVICES - SALESFORCE HEALTH CLOUD FUNCTIONAL ANALYST
(FULLY REMOTE, $100,000 - $140,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/salesforce-health-cloud-functional-analyst/476]


HTC Global Services is hiring a Salesforce Health Cloud Functional
Analyst to develop and update case management business processes,
collaborate with teams on Salesforce functionality, gather user
requirements, and more, for a company that provides IT and Business
Process Services and Solutions that help businesses make digital
change happen. 

XCEED - SENIOR BACKEND DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $40,000 - $70,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-developer/475] 

Xceed is hiring a Senior Backend Developer to contribute to product
growth and the development of new functionalities, participate in API
design, improve existing code and functionalities, and more, for a
venture-backed startup on a mission to create a world where everyone
can live extraordinary experiences. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7c3d7c06-d2b6-11ed-ab4f-01fd19d559a0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680602421&t=1680605982&s=5f4edd32bd3d809690d2e45cee49f2ed5c623bcf6d18326edf24164528b86742].


¬†