# Articles TLDR 14-09-2023

Starlink generated $1.4 billion in revenue last year¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f65e0c8a-52cc-11ee-8b3e-8dd6056cf003&pt=campaign&t=1694688244&s=23bdd39728b67e69acec4a420a4ebf4535117cc6f7546ea5fedeb5b6d84ce13a]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-14

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SPACEX‚ÄôS STARLINK MADE $1.4 BILLION LAST YEAR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/13/23872244/spacex-starlink-revenue-customer-base-elon-musk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starlink generated $1.4 billion in revenue last year, up $222 million
from 2021 but $11 billion short of its original projections. The
company is no longer incurring losses from producing satellite
antennas. Elon Musk initially predicted in 2015 that Starlink would
have 20 million subscribers by the end of 2022. The service reported
1.5 million users in May 2023. Starlink was losing about $20 million a
month maintaining its services in October 2022. 

STABILITY AI DEBUTS STABLE AUDIO BRINGING TEXT TO AUDIO GENERATION TO
THE MASSES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/stability-ai-debuts-stable-audio-bringing-text-to-audio-generation-to-the-masses/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stability AI has announced the public release of Stable Audio. The
technology allows anyone to use text prompts to generate audio clips.
It uses a diffusion model trained on audio rather than images. The
model is not able to generate new music in the style of specific
artists. The free version of Stable Audio will allow 20 generations of
tracks up to 20 seconds per month, while the Pro version will allow
500 generations of up to 90 second tracks for $12 per month. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A NASA ASTRONAUT WILL FINALLY SPEND A FULL YEAR IN SPACE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/09/a-nasa-astronaut-will-finally-spend-a-full-year-in-space/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Frank Rubio was planning to come home from the International Space
Station around spring break of 2023, but a micrometeoroid struck the
Soyuz spacecraft that was supposed to take him, causing his return to
be delayed. This resulted in Rubio completing two six-month increments
instead of just one. Rubio is now the NASA astronaut with the longest
continuous period of time in space. He will have spent 371 days in
space when he lands later this month. 

MODERNA CEO ON AI‚ÄôS POTENTIAL TO CURE CANCER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/09/13/2023/moderna-ceo-on-ais-potential-to-cure-cancer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Moderna was using AI to create new drugs years before ChatGPT came
out. The technology was used to create drugs like its Covid-19
vaccine. Moderna's experimental mRNA flu vaccine did well enough in a
Phase 3 study that it could potentially gain regulatory approval. It
is now planning a Phase 3 trial of an mRNA-based therapy for a certain
type of lung cancer. This article contains an interview with Moderna's
CEO where they discuss AI, management challenges that the tech poses,
and how artificial intelligence is being used to help find a cure for
cancer. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PAGEFIND (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/CloudCannon/pagefind?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Pagefind is a fully static search library that aims to make websites
with tens of thousands of pages searchable in the browser while
consuming as little bandwidth as possible. It exposes a JavaScript
search API that can be used anywhere. Pagefind can run a full-text
search on a 10,000-page site with a total network payload of under
300kB. 

HOW I BECAME AN $800K META STAFF ENGINEER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jointaro.com/blog/how-i-became-an-800k-engineer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article details one engineer's experience working with Meta and
how they increased their compensation from $390,000 in 2017 to
$823,000 in 2021. It covers their actions throughout the years and
discusses the main lessons learned. The article discusses how to
become a high earner and provides direct advice on how to achieve
similar levels of success. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MILLIONAIRE BIOHACKER SAYS ALGORITHM RUNS HIS LIFE: ‚ÄòMY MIND NO
LONGER DECIDES‚Äô (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.rollingstone.com/culture/culture-features/bryan-johnson-anti-aging-blueprint-algorithm-1234821163/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bryan Johnson is a 46-year-old tech millionaire famous for his
longevity project, Blueprint. He takes more than 100 supplements a
day, submits himself to constant medical assessments, keeps to a
strict diet, goes to bed at 8:30 p.m., and takes a dizzying array of
experimental treatments. Johnson has spent around $2 million per year
on the project and he openly shares the findings on his website. This
article features an interview with Johnson where he talks about the
project, the time airport security flagged him for having too many
powders, and why he wants to maximize his urination speed. 

HOW ARE CONSUMERS USING GENERATIVE AI? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/how-are-consumers-using-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at how consumers are interacting with generative AI
(GenAI) products. ChatGPT currently has a massive lead in the space.
Assistants are dominating use cases, but companionship and creative
tool use are on the rise. Most product categories are still up for
grabs. Acquisition for top products is entirely organic. Consumers are
willing to pay for GenAI. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE IS CUTTING HUNDREDS OF JOBS IN ITS RECRUITING ORGANIZATION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/13/google-is-cutting-hundreds-of-jobs-in-its-recruiting-organization.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Affected employees in Google's recruitment group will be notified
through email. 

LUNAR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lunarphp/lunar?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Lunar brings e-commerce functionality to Laravel. 

LESSONS FROM 139 YC AI STARTUPS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ignorance.ai/p/5-lessons-from-139-yc-ai-startups?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This year's YC Demo Day featured a record-breaking 139 startups that
were in some way related to AI or ML. 

OMENS OF EXCEPTIONAL TALENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://guzey.com/talent/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A collection of signs that someone might have exceptional talent,
created more as a brainstorming exercise rather than as a list of
requirements. 

SOME NOTES ON LOCAL-FIRST DEVELOPMENT (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://bricolage.io/some-notes-on-local-first-development/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Local first development means shifting reads and writes to an
embeddable database in each client via sync engines that facilitate
data between clients and servers. 

NINE WILD DETAILS FROM THE NEW ELON MUSK BIOGRAPHY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23871530/elon-musk-biography-twitter-acquisition?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Walter Isaacson's biography of Elon Musk's life covers everything from
Musk's early childhood through to his purchase of Twitter and recent
decision to launch X. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f65e0c8a-52cc-11ee-8b3e-8dd6056cf003&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694685631&t=1694688244&s=1cfc02505704c8a9808ffa687ee7612490470ec826f32d979689b9767ef0d1f2].