# Articles TLDR 14-06-2023

OpenAI has announced a sizable update to its large language model API
offerings.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=701d7f7a-0a83-11ee-8b7d-0b37278f841b&pt=campaign&t=1686741182&s=b7bfb58d493e24a22efe75b3f5c54e4e6b3ec464ff440baf1800233981f445fd]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-06-14

WHY CHOOSE DRATA? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Drata‚Äôs compliance automation is used at thousands of companies
including Fivetran, Lemonade, and Superhuman. It‚Äôs rated 4.9 by 445
reviewers on G2. Why do customers choose Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]?
Ask Yana Li, Senior Manager, Information Security & Compliance at
Shortpoint:

"Drata is SIMPLY THE BEST TOOL for any‚Ä¶ internal cybersecurity
program. You DON'T NEED TO BE A SECURITY PROFESSIONAL to be able to
start managing your security processes with the help of Drata. Their
platform has it all ready for you with AUTOMATED MONITORING of your
security controls, UP-TO-DATE FRAMEWORKS of your choice, and an
EDUCATIONAL PORTAL for customers."

See for yourself how Drata can transform your compliance journey.
Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

REDDIT COMMUNITIES WITH MILLIONS OF FOLLOWERS PLAN TO EXTEND THE
BLACKOUT INDEFINITELY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/13/23759674/reddit-mods-blackout-protest-extended-indefinitely?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Moderators of many Reddit communities are pledging to keep their
subreddits private or restricted indefinitely. The majority of
subreddits were to resume on Wednesday, but a thread on the r/ModCoord
subreddit indicates that a growing number will continue the protest.
Not all subreddits will be able to go dark indefinitely for various
reasons. More than 8,400 subreddits have gone dark. Reddit briefly
crashed on Monday due to the protest. 

AMD REVEALS NEW A.I. CHIP TO CHALLENGE NVIDIA'S DOMINANCE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/13/amd-reveals-new-ai-chip-to-challenge-nvidias-dominance.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AMD's MI300X GPU for artificial intelligence will be available for
sampling later this Fall and start shipping in greater volumes next
year. Nvidia currently dominates the AI chip market with an over 80%
market share. While AMD hasn't disclosed a price for the chip yet, its
release could put pressure on Nvidia's GPUs, which can cost $30,000 or
more. Lower priced GPUs could help drive down the costs of AI
applications. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FLEXIBLE BRAIN IMPLANT TESTED IN PEOPLE FOR THE FIRST TIME (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/precision-brain-implants?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Precision Neuroscience, a startup co-founded by a founding member of
Neuralink, has tested its safe, easy-to-place brain implant in people
for the first time. The implant is made out of a flexible film and is
placed into the space between the brain and skull through an incision
less than a millimeter wide. It contains 10 times as many electrodes
per square centimeter as a standard brain implant without the need for
highly invasive surgery. The implant was able to read, record, and map
the brain's electrical activity when tested on humans. Precision
Neuroscience has yet to test its implantation procedure on people, but
it has worked on miniature pigs. 

THE SATELLITE RENAISSANCE (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/the-satellite-renaissance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

There are now over 7,000 active satellites in orbit. Thanks to
companies like SpaceX, private enterprises are able to launch machines
into space. Many aspects of our world will change as the number of
satellites and space-based services continues to grow. This article
looks at what life might be like in the future and the opportunities
that the Satellite Renaissance brings. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

OPENAI ROLLS OUT BIG CHATBOT API UPGRADES FOR DEVELOPERS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/06/openai-rolls-out-big-chatbot-api-upgrades-for-developers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI has announced a sizable update to its large language model API
offerings. A 16,000 context window version of gpt-3.5-turbo is now
available, allowing developers to process around 20 pages of text in a
single request. A new feature called function calling allows
developers to more easily build chatbots capable of calling external
tools, convert natural language into external API calls, or make
database queries. The offerings update includes many price reductions.
Some models will soon be deprecated. 

HOW TO MAKE A QR CODE WITH STABLE DIFFUSION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://stable-diffusion-art.com/qr-code/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A Reddit user recently posted a series of artistic QR codes created
with a custom-trained ControlNet model. The Stable Diffusion community
has figured out how to make the QR codes without a custom model. This
article walks readers through the process of generating artistic QR
codes. 

FERN¬†- THE FUTURE OF API DEVELOPMENT (GITHUB REPO¬†SPONSOR)
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

Fern¬†is an open source format for defining REST APIs.¬†You can think
of it like a programming language to describe your API - your
endpoints, types, errors, and examples.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile¬†already
use¬†Fern¬†to develop their APIs and generate their¬†SDKs,¬†check us
out on GitHub [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APOLLO'S CHRISTIAN SELIG EXPLAINS HIS FIGHT WITH REDDIT AND WHY USERS
REVOLTED (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/13/23759180/reddit-protest-private-apollo-christian-selig-subreddit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Christian Selig's Reddit client Apollo has become the central figure
in the latest protest over the new terms for Reddit's API. The new
pricing for access to the API will mean that many third-party
developers will have to close their apps or run at a loss. Thousands
of subreddits have gone dark to protest the policy as the change will
affect tools that many users rely on. Selig plans to shut down Apollo
on June 30. This article features an interview with Selig where he
talks about what he wants from Reddit, why he still believes in the
platform, and whether he thinks there's any chance of keeping Apollo
alive. 

TWO VISIONS OF THE FUTURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/two-visions-of-the-future-88e4d9bf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Generative AI and AR/VR headsets present two distinctly different
visions of the future. AI removes UI and assists humans naturally,
while AR/VR headsets introduce new UIs and immerse people into virtual
worlds. Both are extraordinary technologies and may coexist in the
future, but they are radically different takes on where things are
headed. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HACKERS CAN STEAL CRYPTOGRAPHIC KEYS BY VIDEO-RECORDING POWER LEDS 60
FEET AWAY (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/06/hackers-can-steal-cryptographic-keys-by-video-recording-connected-power-leds-60-feet-away/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The attack monitors characteristics such as power consumption, sound,
electromagnetic emissions, and the amount of time it takes for an
operation to occur to recover secret keys using cameras in iPhones or
commercial surveillance systems. 

FINISH YOUR PROJECTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/guides/finish-your-projects?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Finishing projects requires work and courage, but doing so will result
in a growing body of completed work and the confidence of knowing you
are a person who finishes things. 

DEVELOPER SENTIMENT AROUND AI/ML (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.co/labs/developer-sentiment-ai-ml/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Stack Overflow's 2023 developer survey shows that developers are both
curious and skeptical about AI. 

MUREX (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lmorg/murex?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Murex is a shell with an enhanced user experience and support for
additional type information in pipelines. 

A MOONSHOT FOR INFRASTRUCTURE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/13/23758598/arpa-i-infrastructure-usdot-buttigieg-biden-research-development?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The newly formed US Advanced Research Project Agency for
Infrastructure will research projects that address a number of major
themes, including climate change, road safety, clean energy, and
environmental justice. 

REDDIT CEO TELLS EMPLOYEES THAT SUBREDDIT BLACKOUT WILL PASS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/13/23759559/reddit-internal-memo-api-pricing-changes-steve-huffman?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Reddit's CEO Steve Huffman has told employees to block out the noise
from the ongoing protest and to be careful about wearing Reddit items
in public to avoid the risk of being the subject of users'
frustrations. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=701d7f7a-0a83-11ee-8b7d-0b37278f841b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686736820&t=1686741182&s=2d02c8963d6dd31eb4dca3f10c2fa12fba3a59f1aa0b0b52a66466b3bf1b5449].