# Articles TLDR 23-10-2023

Apple plans to start implementing generative AI technology in iOS in
late 2024 at the earliest.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=23507e62-7168-11ee-afac-f13088420909&pt=campaign&t=1698057823&s=b64cb8a77009edaf57271eeebb067cb6a77f5582843f4e76da4633b394d22162]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-23

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 APPLE RUMORED TO FOLLOW CHATGPT WITH GENERATIVE AI FEATURES ON IPHONE
AS SOON AS IOS 18 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/19/apple-generative-ai-late-2024-jeff-pu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple plans to start implementing generative AI technology in iOS in
late 2024 at the earliest. The company will likely build hundreds of
AI servers over the next two years. It will probably offer a
combination of cloud-based and on-device AI. The time frame seems to
line up with the release of iOS 18. 

 ‚ÄòREDDIT CAN SURVIVE WITHOUT SEARCH‚Äô: COMPANY REPORTEDLY THREATENS
TO BLOCK GOOGLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/20/23925504/reddit-deny-force-log-in-see-posts-ai-companies-deals?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Reddit may block search crawlers if it can't reach deals with
generative AI companies to pay for its data. More than 535 news
organizations have opted to block their content from being scraped by
AI companies. X's new reading limits are due to data scraping by AI
startups. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 IBM HAS MADE A NEW, HIGHLY EFFICIENT AI PROCESSOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/10/ibm-has-made-a-new-highly-efficient-ai-processor/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 IBM's NorthPole processor can efficiently execute inference-based
neural networks. It can be up to 35 times more efficient than GPUs for
tasks like image classification and audio transcription. While it
isn't any more energy efficient than other processors, it could make
AI processing on edge devices more accessible. This article examines
and explains the technology used in the new processor. 

 LASER BEAMS DEFLECTED OFF OF NOTHING BUT AIR FOR FIRST TIME EVER IN
BREAKTHROUGH PATENT PENDING PROCESS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedebrief.org/laser-beams-deflected-off-of-nothing-but-air-for-first-time-ever-in-breakthrough-patent-pending-process/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A team of scientists has developed a technique for deflecting laser
beams off nothing but air while still maintaining the beam's strength
and integrity. The technique involves using sound waves to create an
invisible grating made only of air that can reflect the beam like a
mirror. Modern optics is almost exclusively based on the interaction
of light with solid matter - this new approach opens up a completely
new direction. The team is now seeking a patent for the process. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 THE STARTUP CTO'S HANDBOOK (BOOK)
[https://github.com/ZachGoldberg/Startup-CTO-Handbook?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This book, written for startup CTOs, covers leadership, management,
and technical topics. It aims to provide perspective on the common
problems faced by every technical leader. The book provides frameworks
for leaders to help make their own well-reasoned decisions. It offers
best practices and provides reference materials for a better
understanding of each topic. 

 WHAT EVERY DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW ABOUT GPU COMPUTING (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://codeconfessions.substack.com/p/gpu-computing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 GPUs were designed for massive levels of parallelism and high
throughput at the cost of medium to high instruction latency. It's
essential for every software engineer today to possess a basic
understanding of how GPUs work because of their pervasive use in deep
learning. This article aims to provide that knowledge. It delves into
how graphics processors work at a very detailed level and provides
resources for further learning. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE RAY-BAN META SMART GLASSES ACTUALLY MAKE THE FUTURE LOOK COOL (24
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23922425/ray-ban-meta-smart-glasses-review?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses comes in 150 style variations across
two frame styles, seven colors, and multiple lens options. It features
a 12MP camera with 3024x4032 resolution and can film videos at 1080p
at 30 frames per second. The newest update includes AI features and
livestream support for Facebook and Instagram. This article takes a
look at the smart glasses in detail. 

 THANKS TO AI, THE FUTURE OF PROGRAMMING MAY INVOLVE YELLING IN ALL
CAPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/10/thanks-to-ai-the-future-of-programming-may-involve-yelling-in-all-caps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAI's prompts reveal many quirks about prompt engineering. For
example, the prompts use 'please' a lot and important instructions are
often all capitalized. Capitalizing instructions likely works as the
models were trained on huge numbers of examples where responses
clearly paid more attention to capitalized sentences. This could
result in a future where people shout at their computers to get them
to work better. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 IS AI ALIGNMENT ON TRACK? IS IT PROGRESSING... TOO FAST? (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://guzey.com/ai/alignment-on-track/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 There isn't yet a clear way to measure AI alignment. 

 AMAZON MANAGERS CAN NOW FIRE EMPLOYEES WHO REFUSE TO WORK FROM THE
OFFICE 3 DAYS A WEEK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.entrepreneur.com/business-news/amazon-will-now-fire-workers-who-dont-come-into-the-office/464039?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Amazon employees who do not comply with the three-times-a-week
in-office mandate will have to attend two meetings with their managers
regarding attendance, after which they will be given a reasonable
timeframe to comply before being terminated. 

 CAN GPT-4 TEACH A ROBOT HAND TO DO PEN SPINNING TRICKS BETTER THAN
YOU DO? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DrJimFan/status/1715397393842401440?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Eureka is an open-ended agent that designs reward functions for robot
dexterity at a super-human level - it can learn pen-spinning tricks,
something that is difficult for CGI artists to animate frame by frame.


 APPLE TO HOST 'SECRETIVE' VISION PRO TRAINING EVENT FOR RETAIL STAFF
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/22/apple-to-host-secretive-vision-pro-training-event/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple retail employees have been invited to apply for a special
Vision Pro Training event ahead of the device's launch. 

 WE HAVE USED TOO MANY LEVELS OF ABSTRACTIONS AND NOW THE FUTURE LOOKS
BLEAK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://unixsheikh.com/articles/we-have-used-too-many-levels-of-abstractions-and-now-the-future-looks-bleak.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Abstractions are nice and they generally improve quality of life, but
they result in less understanding about the technology under the hood.


 THOUGHTS ON TECHNO-OPTIMISM (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.noahpinion.blog/p/thoughts-on-techno-optimism] 

 Technological progress is all about tomorrow being better than today
- the promise of a bright future is a major reason we struggle so hard
to innovate and push the envelope today. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=23507e62-7168-11ee-afac-f13088420909&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698055219&t=1698057823&s=f658b92908742307a479cfc9146d09b9ec44de78b0a8f42325303efd7d6fc15d].