# Articles TLDR 04-07-2023

Apple reportedly plans to introduce an external Mac monitor that can
act as a smart home display¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=be9fcce2-1a42-11ee-9ace-e758a3bf2fd1&pt=campaign&t=1688467550&s=afbdd2d676bc91f98e9c0d6d76b40e6cd9ed837e8166e15fe981b8cb9edee604]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-07-04

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR FOUNDERS
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-founder-newsletter-curator/519]

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Founders
newsletter curation team.
The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup founder,
preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up
with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends
a lot of time hanging out with other founders.

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday),
to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

BOOKTOK CAN MAKE BESTSELLERS. SO BYTEDANCE IS BECOMING A PUBLISHER. (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tubefilter.com/2023/07/03/bytedance-booktok-8th-note-press-self-publishing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

BookTok has helped catapult numerous titles to bestseller lists and
has become a regular topic in quarterly earnings calls at book
retailers. ByteDance has begun soliciting authors to publish their
books with its recently launched publishing house, 8th Note Press. The
company's trademark filing for '8th Note Press' describes it as an
ecosystem where people can find, buy, read, review, and discuss books.
8th Note Press reportedly plans to focus on digital publishing with
limited print-on-demand runs. 

A FUTURE EXTERNAL MAC MONITOR WILL HAVE AN ALWAYS-ON DISPLAY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/07/a-future-external-mac-monitor-will-have-an-always-on-display-report-claims/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple reportedly plans to introduce an external Mac monitor that can
act as a smart home display when the Mac is in sleep mode or shut
down. The feature will be available on at least one monitor in an
upcoming lineup. The upcoming display could potentially run on the
iPhone 14 Pro's A16 chip. Apple is switching the AirPods charging case
to USB-C this fall. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

WHY TRANSFORMATIVE AI IS REALLY, REALLY HARD TO ACHIEVE (21 MINUTE
READ)
[https://zhengdongwang.com/2023/06/27/why-transformative-ai-is-really-really-hard-to-achieve.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While humans have a good track record of innovation, the trend growth
rate of GDP per capita has never exceeded three percent per year.
There has yet to be a technology that breaks the three percent
threshold. Only strong evidence should cause us to expect anything
different. AI is likely transformative in the same way that the
internet was, but it has many hurdles in the way to the accelerating
growth rates predicted by some. 

AT LAST, SINGLE-PHOTON CAMERAS COULD PEER INTO YOUR BRAIN (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/single-photon-camera?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Superconductor-based cameras have remained confined to the laboratory
over the past two decades due to the inability to scale them past a
few pixels. A team at the National Institute of Standards and
technology (NIST)¬†has created a 0.4-megapixel single-photon camera
that could transition superconductor-based cameras from a lab
curiosity to an industrial technology. The technology could be used
for space imaging, measuring light in photonic quantum computers, and
looking into the brain with noninvasive light-based techniques. The
team at NIST is now working closely with several bioimaging groups to
adapt the device to various applications. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TINYVECTOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/0hq/tinyvector?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

tinyvector is a tiny and fast vector embedding database. It is
extremely easy to customize and has comparable speed to advanced
vector databases on small to medium datasets. tinyvector can scale up
to over 100 million vector dimensions without issue. 

A DEEP DIVE INTO SVG PATH COMMANDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nan.fyi/svg-paths?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SVG icons are usually made up of a bunch of path elements, each with a
cryptic d attribute. Understanding the d attribute's inner workings
allows developers to make better SVGs, even animations. This guide is
an interactive deep dive into the d attribute. It covers different
types of path commands and how to use them to draw various icons. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI AND THE AUTOMATION OF WORK (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2023/7/2/working-with-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While pretty much everyone in tech agrees that generative AI is a
generational change in what we can do with software, there isn't much
agreement on anything else about the technology. Every time humans
invent a new wave of automation, whole classes of jobs go away, but
new ones are created. Over time, the number of total jobs doesn't go
down and everyone becomes more prosperous. Right now, we can see which
jobs will be going away but we can't predict what the new jobs will
be. This article looks at different paradigm-breaking technologies in
the past and tries to imagine how AI will change work in the future. 

FED UP WITH REDDIT, MODS OF POPULAR AMAS QUIT ORGANIZING HIGH-PROFILE
INTERVIEWS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/07/fed-up-with-reddit-mods-of-popular-amas-quit-organizing-high-profile-interviews/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Reddit's r/IAmA moderators have announced that they will no longer
perform many of the tasks that made the subreddit special, including
active solicitation of celebrities or high-profile individuals to do
interviews. r/IAmA helped popularize the social media platform. The
subreddit allows users to interview anyone. There have been
appearances by several notable public figures in the past.¬†Its mods
say that they are fed up with Reddit due to its history of
disregarding users and moderators.¬† 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ASK HN: ARE PEOPLE IN TECH INSIDE AN AI ECHO CHAMBER? (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36567918]

A discussion on how the AI industry is perceived by outsiders. 

HOW THE SHOGGOTH MEME HAS COME TO SYMBOLIZE THE STATE OF A.I (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://archive.ph/XwmWk#selection-1713.417-1725.194?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Shoggoth was first introduced in H.P. Lovecraft's novella 'At the
Mountains of Madness' - it landed in the AI world in December, a month
after ChatGPT's release. 

APPLE FORCED TO MAKE MAJOR CUTS TO VISION PRO HEADSET PRODUCTION PLANS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/07/apple-forced-to-make-major-cuts-to-vision-pro-headset-production-plans/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sources close to Apple and its manufacturer for the Vision Pro headset
say that the company is preparing to make fewer than 400,000 units in
2024. 

SUMMER 2024 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INTERNSHIPS BY CARBOS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/AlanChen4/Summer-2024-SWE-Internships?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A constantly updated board that watches a list of over 1,000
high-growth companies for software engineering internships. 

JOINS 13 WAYS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://justinjaffray.com/joins-13-ways/?a=b#a-join-is-compatible-alternate-realities?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at relational joins - different definitions, ways
of thinking about them, and interesting ways to implement them. 

GOOGLE SAYS IT'LL SCRAPE EVERYTHING YOU POST ONLINE FOR AI (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/google-says-itll-scrape-everything-you-post-online-for-1850601486?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google's recently updated privacy policy says that the company
reserves the right to scrape everything anyone posts online to build
its AI tools. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=be9fcce2-1a42-11ee-9ace-e758a3bf2fd1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688464820&t=1688467550&s=4f7144afe862b49cac9a223ccf2b11618663b8f7cc5f3ab43b871efd30ea0d74].