# Articles TLDR 21-02-2023

Google has released two new optimization features, Memory Saver and
Energy Saver¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=86c954ee-b1b7-11ed-9169-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&t=1676981732&s=90c8933cbbe4308139cbef197b852b335d4b5b082558214dc3cf6acded11f293]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Skyflow]
[https://info.skyflow.com/how-a-data-privacy-vault-simplifies-data-residency?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-21

HOW A DATA PRIVACY VAULT SIMPLIFIES DATA RESIDENCY (SPONSOR)
[https://info.skyflow.com/how-a-data-privacy-vault-simplifies-data-residency?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


Managing and transferring data is becoming more complex as governments
define and introduce data residency requirements that restrict where
sensitive PII is stored and processed. Join Skyflow‚Äôs Chief Privacy
Officer Robin Andruss and Field CTO Manish Ahluwalia as they provide
an introduction to what businesses should know about data residency.
They also discuss how the architectural approach of using a data
privacy vault provides effective data privacy while simplifying data
residency compliance, and lets companies avoid the costs and drawbacks
of adding instances in each region where they operate. Watch now.
[https://info.skyflow.com/how-a-data-privacy-vault-simplifies-data-residency?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE CHROME‚ÄôS LATEST VERSION INCLUDES TOOLS TO ADDRESS ITS MEMORY
HOG PROBLEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/20/23607304/google-chrome-battery-energy-memory-ram-optimization-features-110?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has released two new optimization features, Memory Saver and
Energy Saver, on the latest version of Chrome 110 desktop web browser.
Memory Saver mode snoozes inactive Chrome tabs to free up RAM for more
intensive tasks and allow for smoother browsing. Energy Saver mode
limits any unnecessary background website activity to conserve battery
life. Both features are enabled by default and can be disabled from
the Performance tab of system settings. 

CHATGPT CREATOR SAM ALTMAN SAYS THE WORLD MAY NOT BE 'THAT FAR AWAY
FROM POTENTIALLY SCARY' AI AND FEELS 'REGULATION WILL BE CRITICAL' (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/6NmCV?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Sam Altman, the CEO of the company that created ChatGPT, has warned of
the potential dangers of Artificial Intelligence. Altman believes it
is time to start regulating AI. He claims that society needs time to
adjust to such a big change. Altman has been advocating for regulation
since 2015. Elon Musk also believes that AI should be regulated as it
could be misused and it poses potential large risks to society. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BRAIN IMPLANT STARTUP BACKED BY BEZOS AND GATES IS TESTING
MIND-CONTROLLED COMPUTING ON HUMANS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/18/synchron-backed-by-bezos-and-gates-tests-brain-computer-interface.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Synchron's Synchron Switch allows people with paralysis to operate
technology using their minds. The device is implanted through the
blood vessels, making it less invasive and more accessible than other
similar devices. Synchron received $75 million in funding from Bill
Gates and Jeff Bezos in December. The device is still undergoing
clinical trials, but it is already changing the lives of patients. 

THIS BIONIC FINGER USES TOUCH TO ‚ÄúSEE‚Äù INSIDE HUMAN TISSUE,
ELECTRONICS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/this-bionic-finger-uses-touch-to-see-inside-human-tissue-electronics/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A team of Chinese scientists has created a bionic finger with a
tactile feedback system that can map out details below the surface
layer without damage. The technology could be used for non-optical
testing of the human body and flexible electronics. The authors tested
the bionic finger on a defective electronic device and successfully
created a map of the internal components. The finger was able to
pinpoint where the circuit had been disconnected and identify a hole
that had been improperly drilled, without breaking through the
surrounding outer layer. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SCRIBBLE DIFFUSION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/replicate/scribble-diffusion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scribble Diffusion turns sketches into refined images using AI. Users
can enter text prompts along with a sketch to generate high quality
images. A link to the web app is available in the repository. 

PYGWALKER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Kanaries/pygwalker?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

PyGWalker is a Python library for exploratory data analysis with
visualization. It simplifies data analysis and visualization in
Jupyter Notebooks. PyGWalker works by turning pandas dataframes into a
Tableau-style User Interface. It integrates Jupyter Notebook with
Graphic Walker, allowing data scientists to explore patterns with
simple drag-and-drop operations. 

HELP SECURE YOUR FAVORITE PROJECTS WITH SNYK AT THE BIG FIX! (SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/events/the-big-fix/?utm_campaign=event-big-fix_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=the-big-fix]


Join Snyk between February 14 and March 14 to help make security x100
times better in 2023 with the The Big Fix event! The month-long
fix-a-thon brings together developers & security practitioners
world-wide to learn about application security. Register for free
[https://snyk.io/events/the-big-fix/?utm_campaign=event-big-fix_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=the-big-fix]
and fix vulnerabilities while networking with your fellow engineers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THROUGHOUT THE RICH WORLD, THE YOUNG ARE FALLING OUT OF LOVE WITH CARS
(12 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/k5IBm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The car was a defining technology of the 20th century, but its appeal
is waning in the 21st century, particularly among young adults.
Reasons for this include the growth of the internet, the rise of taxi
apps, increasing insurance premiums for young drivers, a lack of
secure employment and home ownership, longer periods of education, and
the threat of climate change. This shift is creating support for
cities around the world to implement anti-car policies. 

CHILDHOODS OF EXCEPTIONAL PEOPLE (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/CYN7swrefEss4e3Qe/childhoods-of-exceptional-people?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Parents often imitate their peers and outsource decisions when it
comes to educating their children, but what would we learn if we were
to study the highest achievers? This essay explores the patterns that
can be found in the lives of those who have achieved greatness. It
looks at patterns in the lives of renowned figures, from more
universal traits, such as hard work, to less common ones, such as the
importance of mentors and self-awareness. Raising exceptional people
involves viewing children as capable of competence, as craving
meaningful work, and as worthy to be included in serious discussions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FASTER AND SAFER CODE MERGE (SPONSOR)
[https://mergify.com/keep-your-main-branch-green-use-a-merge-queue?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=TLDR]


Airtable, Mozilla, and AWS use Mergify to automate pull requests +
secure the code merge using a merge queue. Start automating with a
free Mergify account
[https://mergify.com/keep-your-main-branch-green-use-a-merge-queue?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=TLDR]


PHOTOGRAPHER CAPTURES IMAGE OF RARE FISH THAT WALKS ON ITS ‚ÄòHANDS‚Äô
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/02/20/world/australian-handfish-photograph-c2e-spc-intl-scn/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The spotted handfish is a fish from Tasmania that walks along river
beds using pectoral fins that look like hands. 

ARE CLOUDS HAVING THEIR ON-PREM MOMENT? (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/02/20/are-companies-shifting-away-from-public-clouds/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many organizations are starting to repatriate work from public
providers to on-prem private clouds. 

"OH BING, PLEASE DON'T BE EVIL" (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.strangeloopcanon.com/p/beyond-google-to-assistants-with?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article compares Google and Bing search and looks at the best
ways to use them. 

FLEXGEN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Ying1123/FlexGen?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

FlexGen is a high-throughput generation engine for running large
language models with limited GPU memory. 

I THINK FOLKS ARE SLEEPING ON ONE OF THE BIGGEST AND MOST OBVIOUS
"ZERO INTEREST RATE PHENOMENA" THAT'S GOING TO GET VAPORIZED SLOWLY
AND THEN ALL AT ONCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/tylertringas/status/1627449217294958592?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A bear case for Andreessen Horowitz. 

TS-RESET (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/total-typescript/ts-reset?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ts-reset smoothes over the hard edges when adding TypeScript to a
project. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

JUSTWORKS - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, BENEFITS PLATFORM (NEW YORK
CITY, NEW YORK, $167,500 - $205,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-benefits-platform/308]


Justworks is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build, deploy and
maintain large-scale, distributed applications for Justworks' Benefits
Platform Team, which is responsible for accelerating the growth of the
core business. 

METHOD FINANCIAL - SENIOR PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER (FULLY REMOTE,
$125,000 - $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-product-marketing-manager/314] 

Method Financial is hiring a Senior Product Marketing Manager to
develop go-to-market plans, create buyer and user personas, and create
resonant marketing, sales enablement, and messaging for a Top 10
Fintech Startup. 

MULTIVERSE - PRINCIPAL PRODUCT DESIGNER (NEW YORK)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/principal-product-designer/316] 

Multiverse is hiring a Principal Product Designer to contribute to the
future direction of its alternative to college and corporate training.


HL.DATA - PRODUCT OWNER & PMO (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-owner-%26-pmo/318] 

HL.DATA is hiring a Product Owner & PMO to participate in the product
lifecycle from ideation to launch for a company that unlocks the
body‚Äôs data to drive global longevity research and accelerate the
speed of intervention advancement. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=86c954ee-b1b7-11ed-9169-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676977219&t=1676981732&s=6eb72f4923235f3e0be03e87334408731f89df0f895074293bfc9949f6749b98].


¬†