# Articles TLDR 25-08-2023

The straight edges of Teslas Cybertrucks design will amplify every
imperfection.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7a2effa0-4315-11ee-9177-7bdfabc70997&pt=campaign&t=1692960165&s=5b6c7a4e41b99687f98202a1a3b169743110de34e772e021477f5c5413d0b535]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-08-25

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK SAYS ‚ÄòIF LEGO CAN DO IT, SO CAN WE‚Äô ABOUT CYBERTRUCK
QUALITY IN LEAKED TESLA EMAIL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/08/23/elon-musk-lego-cybertruck-quality-leaked-tesla-email/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's Cybertruck design, which features sharp edges and a stainless
steel finish, will require the manufacturer to achieve a level of
accuracy in the single-digit micron range on all parts in order for it
to look perfect. The straight edges of the design will amplify every
imperfection. Elon Musk compared the approach to the requirements of
products like LEGO and soda cans. Tesla has been criticized for its
fit and finishes in the past, but it is generally accepted that the
quality of its products has improved over the years. 

META LAUNCHES OWN AI CODE-WRITING TOOL: CODE LLAMA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/24/23843487/meta-llama-code-generation-generative-ai-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta has released Code Llama, a large language model built on top of
Llama 2 that specializes in generating and debugging code. It has also
released a Python-specific version and another version that can
understand instructions in natural language. These models are not
interchangeable. Meta claims that Code Llama performs better than
other publicly available LLMs on coding tasks, but it did not
specifically name which models were tested. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS UNIVERSAL CHARGER COULD SIMPLIFY THE EV LANDSCAPE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/ev-battery-2663916542?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The constant evolution of EV tech has made it challenging to create
infrastructure that can support the wide range of technologies
available. A group of researchers have created a novel battery charger
that can support a vast range of present and future generations of EV
battery packs. The charger is compatible with batteries between 120
and 900 volts with an efficiency consistently greater than 94%. It can
be used as a portable unit. The researchers have filed a patent and
are in the process of commercializing the technology. 

NEW ROBOT SEARCHES FOR SOLAR CELL MATERIALS 14 TIMES FASTER (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/08/new-robot-searches-for-solar-cell-materials-14-times-faster/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers at North Carolina State University have enlisted the help
of robots to help search for the ideal perovskite. Perovskites are a
type of material with a rhombus-in-a-cube crystal structure that can
be used to create highly efficient solar cells. There are a vast
number of possible perovskite materials. Predicting and testing the
potential properties of all these materials is time-consuming and
difficult. The robot combines chemicals in different proportions to
form perovskites and then applies them onto a surface for testing. It
speeds up the synthesis and characterization of materials by a factor
of 14 compared to manual exploration. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PIXI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/prefix-dev/pixi?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

pixi as a cross-platform multi-language package manager and workflow
tool. It supports Python, C++, and R on Linux, Windows, and macOS.
pixi provides a Cargo-like command-line interface that allows
developers to install tools per-project or system-wide. A short video
demo is available. 

EXPRESSO TS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/expressots/expressots?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Expresso TS is a TypeScript and Node.js framework for building
scalable, easy-to-read-and-maintain server-side applications. It
streamlines repetitive and time-consuming processes so that developers
can focus on the important things. Expresso TS handles configuring
logging systems, authentication, connecting to databases, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INTRODUCING PROOF-OF-WORK DEFENSE FOR ONION SERVICES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.torproject.org/introducing-proof-of-work-defense-for-onion-services/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tor's Proof-of-Work (PoW) defense for Onion services is designed to
prioritize verified traffic as a deterrent against denial-of-service
(DoS) attacks. Tor Onion services are vulnerable to DoS attacks as Tor
obfuscates IP addresses. PoW defense will start prompting incoming
client connections to perform a number of successfully more complex
operations when an Onion service is under stress. The Onion service
will then prioritize connections based on the effort level
demonstrated by the client. This will thwart DoS attacks without
compromising user privacy. 

ZOOM CEO SAYS EMPLOYEES NEED TO BE IN THE OFFICE BECAUSE IT'S HARD TO
BUILD TRUST OVER ZOOM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/zoom-ceo-return-to-office-leaked-audio-1850769660?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Zoom is requiring employees living within 50 miles of an office to
report to the office a minimum of two days a week. The company's CEO,
Eric Yuan, says that it's difficult for employees to build trust with
each other on a computer screen. He claims that it's too difficult to
have innovative conversations and debates on Zoom as it makes people
too friendly. His comments point towards the company's belief in the
ability of its platform. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ALPHABET‚ÄôS WING PARTNERS WITH WALMART FOR DRONE DELIVERIES IN DALLAS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/24/23844975/alphabet-wing-walmart-drone-deliveries-dallas?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The partnership with Wing will allow Walmart to deliver to an
additional 60,000 homes in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. 

MEETING SAM BANKMAN-FRIED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.adityabaradwaj.com/meeting-sam-bankman-fried/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article tells the story of how a former engineer at Alameda
Research met Sam Bankman-Fried and provides a few anecdotes from their
time working at the firm. 

ASK HN: WHERE DO I FIND GOOD CODE TO READ? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37248002]

A Hacker News thread with links to high-quality code libraries and
discussions on what makes code good. 

THIS MYSTERY COMPANY IS BUYING UP BAY AREA LAND. IS IT BUILDING A NEW
CITY? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/mystery-company-buying-bay-area-land-new-city-18321807.php]

Flannery Associates and its parent company, Flannery Holdings, have
purchased approximately 140 properties for more than $800 million in
Solano Country at premium rates since 2018. 

A VISIT TO THE ONE-MAN COMPUTER FACTORY (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23841276/mythic-computer-keegan-mcnamara-pc-builder?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mythic Computer is a company that makes handmade wooden computers that
look nothing like your average computer. 

CHECKING EMAIL? YOU‚ÄôRE PROBABLY NOT BREATHING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nytimes.com/2023/08/21/well/live/screen-apnea-breathing.html?unlocked_article_code=mIvtOKm2U1dHc9f22Aheo-XLKKnAN1BfH_COezJJDIEYshQVPd_SIIWtmLVpSGqXITsnB0VHaOEuRy2acKcFp9VhaZvcvYyno1CHpMCpH5TVu0tuJQ2ZWq96rv-3vqkDBpyhvraHOVJ2-5zBMQlJ8LRxBMOHjNqNz0ExfgAcZXziI4acfLoSIDKnjBW8HCoOpV-DLaFyiVknA5IC3Rii8Q1J6tUtlDbsFlVh4zaHUTAvYOL1aYrcoOcRCi2Xx2vFGxepu02-HyT4ZGtAzaw32iLSVy2sJ7xv3Y3BQTwpm4v0FJkZNvT3HvQfNn-9Q8OyNIbd65fs6U_YkQl6pbHurDhK&smid=url-share]

Email apnea, which, according to an informal survey, happens to
roughly 80% of people, is a phenomenon where people periodically hold
their breath or alter their breathing when checking their emails. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7a2effa0-4315-11ee-9177-7bdfabc70997&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692957618&t=1692960165&s=398b1ef2105003712602bf17cc9192ccfef64aa1e399a627c7250b0c5e0d10df].