# Articles TLDR 03-07-2023

Twitter has announced new temporary limits on how many posts people
can read per day.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a36ad882-1974-11ee-8f18-45ec337ed6a8&pt=campaign&t=1688381337&s=3720a3f2e63ce711e6efdd154516ed0cb4c0389508c6a64a09d46993498785df]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-07-03

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK BLAMES DATA SCRAPING BY AI STARTUPS FOR HIS NEW PAYWALLS ON
READING TWEETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/1/23781198/twitter-daily-reading-limit-elon-musk-verified-paywall?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Twitter has announced new 'temporary' limits on how many posts people
can read per day. Unverified accounts will now only be able to see 600
posts per day, with new unverified accounts limited to just 300 posts
per day. Verified accounts will be able to read up to 6,000 posts per
day. The platform has started blocking access for anyone who isn't
logged in. Elon Musk blames data scrapers and system manipulation for
the new limitations. 

HUMANE'S FIRST GADGET IS NAMED THE 'HUMANE AI PIN', AND IT'S COMING
THIS YEAR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/30/23779654/humane-ai-pin-name-launch-date?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Humane, a company started by former Apple employees that aims to
create an AI-first post-smartphone future, has announced that its
first gadget will be called the Humane Ai Pin. There is not much
information about how the gadget will work, what it will do, or what
it looks like. Humane has a partnership with Qualcomm to power the Ai
Pin with an advanced Snapdragon platform. A video showing the
company's co-founder demonstrating a device that could be the Ai Pin
at a TED conference earlier this year is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

MICROSOFT UNVEILS THE WORLD'S FIRST ANALOG OPTICAL COMPUTER TO SOLVE
OPTIMIZATION PROBLEMS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/first-analog-optical-computer-microsoft?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft's Analog Interactive Machine (AIM) uses both binary and
continuous variables to solve problems of optimization at a
lightning-fast pace. The system uses optics and electronics to process
continuous value data and perform vector-matrix multiplications. Its
components have been miniaturized to fit centimeter-scale chips - the
AIM is no bigger than a rack enclosure. Optical computers could open
up new fields of research while also reducing resources spent on
performing complex calculations. 

WORLD'S 1ST 'TOOTH REGROWTH' MEDICINE MOVES TOWARD CLINICAL TRIALS IN
JAPAN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mainichi.jp/english/articles/20230609/p2a/00m/0sc/026000c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A Japanese research team is set to begin clinical trials in July 2024
on a medication that might allow people to grow new teeth. If
everything goes to plan, the team plans to have the medication ready
for general use in 2030. The medicine is intended for people who lack
a full set of adult teeth due to a congenital condition called
anodontia. It works by blocking a certain protein's function. If the
drug works in humans, it will be a game-changer for the entire field
of dentistry. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GPT-MIGRATE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/0xpayne/gpt-migrate?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GPT-Migrate makes it easy to migrate a codebase from one framework or
language to another. It is still currently in development alpha and
not yet ready for production use. A video demo showing GPT-Migrate
being used to convert Python code to JavaScript is available. 

MONEYBALL FOR SOFTWARE TEAMS - AN IMPERFECT HEURISTIC FOR QUANTIFYING
DEV PERFORMANCE (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://software.rajivprab.com/2023/07/01/moneyball-for-software-teams/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses how to quantify engineering performance. It
covers how to track tasks, ranking, what metrics to measure
performance with, complexity, bugs, and much more. Many maladaptive
symptoms in the corporate environment are caused by not having good
methods for quantifying engineering performance. There are tremendous
advantages to getting this right as it holds the key to solving many
of the dysfunctions that hold back engineering teams. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW REDDIT CRUSHED THE BIGGEST PROTEST IN ITS HISTORY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23779477/reddit-protest-blackouts-crushed?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Thousands of Reddit communities locked down last month to protest
platform changes that would force a variety of third-party apps and
services to shut down. Most communities have now opened back up as the
site told subreddit mods that it would replace them if their
communities remained closed. Reddit has now exempted
accessibility-focused apps from the new API pricing and it promises to
make accessibility improvements to its moderation tools over the next
couple of months. While Reddit has gotten things mostly back to
normal, many parts of its community are still pushing the protest
message. 

HOW TO DO GREAT WORK (48 MINUTE READ)
[http://paulgraham.com/greatwork.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This is a guide on how to do great work for anyone in any field. The
factors in doing great work are ability, interest, effort, and luck.
Finding work where ability and interest combine can lead to an
explosion of new ideas. The only way to find the work you are most
suited for is by trying. Many people are held back by modesty and
fear. There are worse problems to have than experiencing failure. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHO KILLED GOOGLE READER? (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23778253/google-reader-death-2013-rss-social?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google's reputation for killing and abandoning products started with
Google Reader, a feed-reading tool beloved by its users. 

FAILURE MODES FOR DECENTRALIZED SYSTEMS (1 MINUTE READ)
[http://dpk.io/centralization?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article lists several ways in which decentralized systems could
become effectively centralized. 

MAGIC, MUNDANITY, AND DEEP PROTOCOLIZATION (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://studio.ribbonfarm.com/p/magic-mundanity-and-deep-protocolization?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI should be an uncredited and formless modifier of other technologies
that gives familiar behaviors magical effects. 

APPLE IS NOW THE FIRST PUBLICLY TRADED COMPANY TO CLOSE ABOVE A $3
TRILLION MARKET VALUE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/30/apples-market-cap-hits-3-trillion-once-again/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple's stock has skyrocketed nearly 48% this year - it reached a $3
trillion market cap back in January 2022 but failed to close at that
level. 

THE GOLDEN AGE OF OPEN SOURCE IN AI IS COMING TO AN END (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://towardsdatascience.com/the-golden-age-of-open-source-in-ai-is-coming-to-an-end-7fd35a52b786?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The trend towards non-permissible licenses in open source AI seems
clear - most startups in the LLM industry are likely building on top
of non-commercially licensed technology. 

THE RISE OF THE AI ENGINEER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.latent.space/p/ai-engineer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI engineers take AI advancements and shape them into real products
used by millions, virtually overnight. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a36ad882-1974-11ee-8f18-45ec337ed6a8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688378420&t=1688381337&s=c9c4128c1e8823ad60e1a4aa01cb1630debea3c2725ef723f5ff2ad262d4d0c6].