# Articles TLDR 15-03-2023

OpenAI has announced GPT-4.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f7b8f930-c2ff-11ed-9d0a-27941dfb7a61&pt=campaign&t=1678878839&s=bd2c57454dfcc4d989c1122038a2335452609d678541fd28df13996e1676ab91]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-15

FULL-CYCLE INCIDENT MANAGEMENT THAT DRIVES RELIABILITY (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]


Software outages are costly. How you manage them doesn‚Äôt have to be.
Companies like Snyk, Stack Overflow and CircleCI have moved away from
reactive, disorganized incident response to proactive, predictable
incident management with FireHydrant
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging].
Here's how:

	*
AUTOMATE toil, get the right people involved quickly, and codify your
organization‚Äôs process into turn-by-turn navigation that everyone
can follow.

	*
RESPOND quickly in a purpose-built workspace for communication that
brings your team and tools together in one place.

	*
LEARN from automatically-captured incident activity and a guided,
customizable retrospective template.

	*
IMPROVE reliability with an at-a-glance view of the areas of your
system that need investment.

FireHydrant is free to test drive
[https://app.firehydrant.io/registrations/new?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]
on your own or book a demo
[https://firehydrant.com/demo/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR&utm_campaign=Q1FY23-new-messaging]
with our solutions engineers.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI‚ÄôS GPT-4 EXHIBITS ‚ÄúHUMAN-LEVEL PERFORMANCE‚Äù ON
PROFESSIONAL BENCHMARKS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/openai-announces-gpt-4-its-next-generation-ai-language-model/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has announced GPT-4. Microsoft revealed that its Bing Chat was
already running on the new model. OpenAI plans to release GPT-4's text
capability through ChatGPT and its commercial API with a waitlist at
first. GPT-4's image input is being tested with a single partner, Be
My Eyes. GPT-4 supports generating and processing up to 32,768 tokens.
It could potentially open up a new era in AI. 

GOOGLE PIXEL 8 PRO ADDS A MYSTERIOUS NEW SENSOR, FLAT DISPLAY IN FIRST
LEAKED RENDERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/03/14/google-pixel-8-pro-leak/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Leaked Google Pixel 8 Pro CAD-based renders reveal a number of new
design elements. The phone appears to have slimmed-down bezels all
around and has mostly done away with a curved display. A new sensor
has been added to the camera bar. The new sensor's function is
unknown. The Google Pixel 8 Pro's dimensions measure
162.6√ó76.5√ó8.7mm. It will feature a 6.52-inch display. The phone is
expected to launch later this year with a Tensor G3 processor. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

MINI ROBOT ENTERS BLOOD VESSELS, COMPLETES SURGERY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/mini-robot-surgeon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers in South Korea have developed an untethered, magnetically
guided robot that can navigate blood vessels autonomously to reach
blockages and lesions with greater accuracy than human surgeons guided
by X-rays. The process involves the creation of a 3D map of the
patient‚Äôs blood vessels, which is used to guide the robot in
treatments. The robot is only millimeters in size and has so far
demonstrated its effectiveness in pigs. The research paves the way for
robots to perform medical procedures with greater ease, precision, and
safety compared to human surgeons. 

AMAZON SAYS ITS SATELLITE HOME-INTERNET TERMINALS COST UNDER $400 TO
PRODUCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/amazon-says-its-satellite-home-internet-terminals-cost-under-400-to-produce/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon has revealed three types of satellite broadband user terminals
set to roll out service in 2024. The standard model has been crafted
for residential and small business customers and will cost Amazon just
under $400 to manufacture. It is less than 11 inches square, weighs
less than five pounds, and is less than an inch thick. The device is
capable of delivering speeds up to 400 Mbps. There will be a smaller
'ultra-compact' option, providing speeds of up to 100Mbps, and a
larger 19x30-inch version that will enable users to access 1Gbps
speeds. Pricing plans for the devices and services have yet to be
announced. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MODERN FONT STACKS (WEBSITE)
[https://modernfontstacks.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Modern Font Stacks features a system font stack for every modern OS
organized by typeface classification. The fonts are fast and do not
require downloading, layout shifts, or flashes. They can be easily
previewed with customizations. 

JOB ITERATION API (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Shopify/job-iteration?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Software that requires high availability must be able to withstand
infrastructure interruptions. Iteration is an extension for ActiveJob
that saves all the progress made on a job, allowing jobs to be
interruptible and resumable. It prevents records from being processed
more than once, even with frequent deploys and worker restarts.
Iteration prevents jobs from being lost or restarted from the
beginning. 

CONNECT TO YOUR CLOUD RESOURCES WITH TAILSCALE (SPONSOR)
[http://tailscale.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-3-15&utm_content=brand]


Spend more time coding and less time troubleshooting with Tailscale.
Now you can connect directly to cloud resources, containers, or
virtual machines like they‚Äôre on your local network, or connect to
an entire VPC using a subnet router. Check out Tailscale today
[http://tailscale.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023-3-15&utm_content=brand],
it‚Äôs free. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MARK ZUCKERBERG SAYS ENGINEERS WHO JOINED META IN-PERSON PERFORM
BETTER THAN THOSE WHO JOINED REMOTELY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/14/mark-zuckerberg-says-engineers-who-joined-meta-in-person-perform-better-than-those-who-joined-remotely/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mark Zuckerberg recently presented in a staff memo an internal data
analysis indicating that engineers who began working in an in-person
setting performed better than those who began remotely. Engineers who
began in-person and later transitioned to remote work and those who
remained entirely in-person performed better than those who started
remotely. Younger engineers were found to perform better when working
in-person for at least three days each week. Meta says it intends to
continue embracing remote work, but the study suggests that it also
wants to encourage more in-person work. 

WHY SPOTIFY WANTS TO LOOK LIKE TIKTOK, WITH CO-PRESIDENT GUSTAV
S√ñDERSTR√ñM (42 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23638082/spotify-redesign-gustav-soderstrom-tiktok-stream-podcasts-music-discovery?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spotify's most recent redesign features a TikTok-style homepage feed
for discovering new content. This was the biggest change Spotify has
made since its mobile app launch. Gustav S√∂derstr√∂m was responsible
not only for Spotify's visual and functional design, but also for its
AI-powered recommendations. This article features an interview with
S√∂derstr√∂m where he discusses Spotify's recent company
restructuring, the pressures inherent in redesigning a widely used
app, and the industry-wide trend towards cutting costs and operational
efficiency. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

APPLE EXPANDS HIRING FREEZE, DELAYS BONUSES FOR SOME EMPLOYEES (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/03/14/apple-cutting-costs-hiring-freeze-bonus-delay/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is leaving positions open and plans to shift to a once-per-year
bonus schedule for some of its corporate workforce. 

TURBOWATCH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gajus/turbowatch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Turbowatch is an extremely fast file change detector and task
orchestrator for Node.js. 

GOOGLE OPENS UP ITS AI LANGUAGE MODEL PALM TO CHALLENGE OPENAI AND
GPT-3 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/14/23639313/google-ai-language-model-palm-api-challenge-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google will launch an app called MakerSuite alongside the PaLM API
that will make it easier for users to iterate on prompts, augment
datasets with synthetic data, and tune custom models. 

EVALS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openai/evals?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Evals is a framework for evaluating OpenAI models and an open-source
registry of benchmarks. 

ANTHROPIC LAUNCHES CLAUDE, A CHATBOT TO RIVAL OPENAI‚ÄôS CHATGPT (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/14/anthropic-launches-claude-a-chatbot-to-rival-openais-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Claude can search across documents, summarize, write, code, and answer
questions about particular topics and Anthropic claims that it is less
likely to produce harmful outputs. 

META TO LAY OFF ANOTHER 10,000 AS ZUCKERBERG CELEBRATES ‚ÄúYEAR OF
EFFICIENCY‚Äù (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/03/meta-to-lay-off-another-10000-as-zuckerberg-celebrates-year-of-efficiency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mark Zuckerberg announced that Meta will lay off 10,000 employees and
stop trying to fill 5,000 open roles in a staff memo titled 'Update on
Meta's Year of Efficiency'. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR - TLDR WEB DEV NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $31,200+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-web-dev-newsletter-curator/401] 

TLDR is hiring a TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator to curate the most
interesting stories in web development 3 nights a week for a web dev
newsletter that already has 200,000 pre-launch sign-ups. 

NEXGEN CLOUD - INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE,
$80,000+) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/infrastructure-support-engineer/368]


NexGen Cloud is hiring an Infrastructure Support Engineer to help
design, build, and implement infrastructure support tools for an
innovative IaaS company focused on bridging the gap between Web 2.0
and Web 3.0. 

MULTIVERSE - PRODUCT DESIGNER (UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/product-designer/402] 

Multiverse is hiring a Product Designer to contribute to the future
direction of an alternative to college and corporate training via
professional apprenticeships. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=f7b8f930-c2ff-11ed-9d0a-27941dfb7a61&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678874430&t=1678878839&s=f5e4987c163a6c086c86184295b96f255e175335337064d65c77702675136d86].


¬†