# Articles TLDR 25-05-2023

iOS 17 will reportedly have a new feature that turns locked iPhones
into smart home displays.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3071583e-faba-11ed-98f6-956ceb30677b&pt=campaign&t=1685013108&s=c6fd0f294fe04c89e91a5652dc11ef0700143c3aece345ef4fd478f301641ce6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [SecureFrame]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech]

TLDR 2023-05-25

COMPLIANCE ISN‚ÄôT JUST EVIDENCE COLLECTION. (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech]


It‚Äôs dealing with endless RFPs and security questionnaires. It‚Äôs
tracking risk in dozens of services amidst changing regulation. It‚Äôs
managing policies across an enterprise to meet auditor requirements.
Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech]
lets you automate everything
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech]
so you can get back to the engineering work you actually want to do.

üî• AUTOMATE RESPONSES to RFPs and security questionnaires with
ML-powered automation
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech].

üî• CONTINUOUS MONITORING including automated evidence collection,
actionable notifications, and 100+ integrations.

üî• TRACK AND TRIAGE security and privacy compliance risks with Risk
Register
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech],
and assign risks to owners to create visibility and accountability.

üî• SUPPORT from industry thought leaders and compliance experts

Start now with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=052523-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IOS 17 WILL TURN LOCKED IPHONES INTO SMART HOME-STYLE DISPLAYS, REPORT
SAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/24/apples-ios-17-turn-locked-iphones-smart-home-style-displays/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


iOS 17 will reportedly have a new feature that turns locked iPhones
into smart home displays. The interface will display information such
as appointments, the weather, and notifications. It will operate
similarly to smart home devices from other companies. Apple is also
planning to introduce significant changes to the iPhone's Wallet app,
enhancements to its location services, a dedicated journaling app, and
a feature that lets users stream media in sync with other users while
on a FaceTime call together. 

TIKTOK CEO SAYS ORACLE HAS BEGUN REVIEWING ITS SOURCE CODE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://time.com/6281946/tiktok-oracle-source-code/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Oracle has begun its review of TikTok's source code. The US-based
software company is now the default destination for US user data.
TikTok is developing a European local-hosting initiative with data
centers in Ireland and Norway. The company claims that the Chinese
government has never asked it for US user data and that it wouldn't
provide the information even if asked. TikTok has not eased its push
on monetization despite its legal troubles. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BRAIN WAVES CAN TELL US HOW MUCH PAIN SOMEONE IS IN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/05/22/1073465/brain-waves-can-tell-us-how-much-pain-someone-is-in/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from the University of California have developed a
technique for recording chronic pain-related brain signals. The
technique could aid in the creation of personalized therapies for
patients. It involves using a machine learning model that analyzes
brain activity from electrodes implanted in patients with chronic
pain. The model was able to predict how patients would score the
severity of their pain. The next step in the research is to try to
track the same signals in a non-invasive way. 

BRAIN AND SPINE IMPLANTS RESTORE MOVEMENT IN A MAN PARALYZED BY AN
ACCIDENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/brain-and-spine-implants-restore-movement-in-a-man-paralyzed-by-an-accident?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne
have helped a man who had been paralyzed for over a decade to walk
again. The man had previously been able to walk with the help of a
front-wheel walker, but he had reached a neurological recovery
plateau. The treatment involved implanting two devices into the
patient, one above the brain and one to the part of the spinal cord
responsible for triggering motion in his legs. The devices allow the
brain's signals to bypass the injured section of the patient's
cervical spinal cord, enabling the patient to walk, stand, climb
stairs, get across varying terrains, and stand at the bar to enjoy a
beer with his friends. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

RIO TERM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/raphamorim/rio?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Rio is a hardware-accelerated GPU terminal editor designed to run
everywhere. It can run as a native desktop application or in the
browser. Screenshots are available in the repository. 

COGNITIVE LOAD DEVELOPER'S HANDBOOK üß† (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/zakirullin/cognitive-load?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Developers should strive to reduce the amount of cognitive load in
their projects as much as possible. The average person can hold
roughly four facts in their working memory. This article discusses
cognitive load and how developers should go about managing it. It
provides examples of how different approaches can increase or decrease
cognitive load and ways to lower cognitive load for future developers.


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

I TRIED THE AI NOVEL-WRITING TOOL EVERYONE HATES, AND ITS BETTER THAN
I EXPECTED (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/24/23732252/sudowrite-story-engine-ai-generated-cyberpunk-novella?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Story Engine is a system by Sudowrite for writing whole novels. The
program is pitched as a way to break writer's block. Users can enter
in ideas and the program expands the ideas into a finished product.
The process allows humans to input directions to allow for more
customization. This article describes the experience of what it is
like to create a short novella using Story Engine. A link to the full
AI-generated story is available. 

THE STRANGE STORY OF THE TEENS BEHIND THE MIRAI BOTNET (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/mirai-botnet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The Mirai botnet, which exploited vulnerable Internet of Things
devices, was put together by three teenage boys. They rented out the
botnet to paying customers and used it to attack targets of their own.
Its use has affected millions of people. This article looks at how
Mirai was created, the market around botnet providers, the malware
behind the botnet, and the events that led to the creators' arrest and
subsequent sentencing. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEVICESCRIPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/microsoft/devicescript?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

DeviceScript brings the TypeScript developer experience to
low-resource microcontroller-based devices. 

THE TINY CORP RAISED $5.1M (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://geohot.github.io//blog/jekyll/update/2023/05/24/the-tiny-corp-raised-5M.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


George Hotz's new company, tiny corp, is a computer company with the
goal of commoditizing the petaflop. 

CHINESE STATE HACKERS INFECT CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE THROUGHOUT THE US
AND GUAM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/05/chinese-state-hackers-infect-critical-infrastructure-throughout-the-us-and-guam/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Volt Typhoon, a Chinese state-sponsored hacking group, has been
stealing network credentials and sensitive data throughout the US and
Guam while remaining largely undetectable for at least two years. 

NEW ALZHEIMER‚ÄôS DRUGS OFFER SUBTLE BENEFITS ‚Äî WITH REAL RISKS (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/alzheimers-drugs-benefits-risks-lecanemab-donanemab?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


New anti-amyloid therapies have shown some efficacy when treating
Alzheimer's disease, but several patients may have died as a result of
taking these drugs. 

MICROSOFT PAUSED PAY RAISES TO 'INVEST IN THE AI WAVE' (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/FhICn#selection-1879.783-1882.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's Chief Marketing Officer responded to a message in the
company's Yammer group complaining about the pause in pay raises by
saying that the changes were partly due to Microsoft's desire to
invest in the AI wave. 

META HAS STARTED ITS LATEST ROUND OF LAYOFFS, FOCUSING ON BUSINESS
GROUPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/24/meta-layoffs-latest-round-of-cuts-focuses-on-business-groups.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta's third round of layoffs will affect members of its business
groups, including those with roles in user experience, marketing,
recruiting, and engineering. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3071583e-faba-11ed-98f6-956ceb30677b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685008827&t=1685013108&s=f9cba42ff319604e5b8cb069da92d364f1d0e33e47c49cece52ab12ce1b0825e].


¬†