# Articles TLDR 15-09-2023

Teslas new manufacturing process could significantly reduce costs and
increase production of its electric vehicles¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4428c072-539f-11ee-a195-c79304af5efc&pt=campaign&t=1694774619&s=19e618fd946739e7543121ad937991455a63789dc748cf34a7d0fad0f8aeb9bd]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-15

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TESLA‚ÄôS NEW CAR-BUILDING PROCESS COULD BE A HUGE INDUSTRIAL
BREAKTHROUGH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/14/23873345/tesla-gigapress-gigacasting-manufacturing-breakthrough?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's new manufacturing process could significantly reduce costs and
increase production of its electric vehicles. It can die-cast almost
an entire vehicle underbody as a single piece. Tesla's mold-making
process involves building molds layer by layer with sand. The
automaker still has several hurdles to overcome before the process is
complete. Tesla reportedly plans to use the process on its
long-awaited $25,000 electric car. 

MICROSOFT OPEN SOURCES EVODIFF, A NOVEL PROTEIN-GENERATING AI (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/14/microsoft-open-sources-evodiff-a-novel-protein-generating-ai/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft has introduced a general-purpose framework that can be used
to create new proteins. EvoDiff can generate high-fidelity and diverse
proteins given a protein sequence. It is a diffusion model, similar to
image-generating models like Stable Diffusion. The research behind
EvoDiff hasn't yet been peer reviewed. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HUMAN TRIALS OF ARTIFICIAL WOMBS COULD START SOON (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02901-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia are seeking
approval for the first human clinical trials of its artificial wombs.
The technology is not designed to support development from conception
to birth. However, it may help improve outcomes for extremely
premature babies. The FDA will convene a meeting of independent
advisers on 19-20 September to discuss regulatory and ethical
considerations around what human trials for the technology might look
like. 

THIS EV SMASHED THE WORLD RECORD FOR DISTANCE ON A SINGLE CHARGE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/09/1600-miles-on-a-single-charge-student-built-ev-sets-new-world-record/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A team of students from the Technical University of Munich has set a
new distance record on a single charge for a non-solar electric
vehicle. The team's coupe traveled 1,599 miles with a battery capacity
of just 15.5 kWh. It has a top speed of 26 mph and weighs 374 lbs
without a driver. Pictures and more information about the vehicle are
available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye09142023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye09142023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets web apps to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4
months - and requires zero effort (your team will thank you). Plus,
they provide unlimited parallel test runs on their infrastructure and
24-hour test maintenance + triage at no additional cost.
The benefit? 3-minute QA cycles, zero false positives, and
human-verified bug reports. Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye09142023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn more.

PS: Here's a link [https://www.g2.com/products/qa-wolf/reviews] to
their G2 reviews, where they are currently rated 4.9/5.

POSTGRESQL 16 RELEASED (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.postgresql.org/about/news/postgresql-16-released-2715/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

PostgreSQL 16 is now available. It features notable improvements to
query parallelism, bulk data loading, and logical replication.
PostgreSQL 16 has more SQL/JSON syntax, new monitoring stats, and
greater flexibility in defining access control rules. The release also
adds several security-oriented client connection parameters and
support for Kerberos credential delegation. 

GAME DEVELOPMENT POST-UNITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.computerenhance.com/p/game-development-post-unity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unity is retroactively changing its license terms to charge game
developers a per-unit fee. Developers are understandably upset by the
move. Many are considering switching engines. This article discusses
alternative game engines. It ranks engines by how often they are
mentioned and provides a summary for each one. The most mentioned
alternative to Unity is Godot. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE TYRANNY OF THE MARGINAL USER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://nothinghuman.substack.com/p/the-tyranny-of-the-marginal-user?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nearly all popular consumer software has been trending towards minimal
user agency, infinitely scrolling feeds, and garbage content. This is
because companies have strong incentives to gain more users. The push
for more users results in the development of features for marginal
users while ignoring the needs or desires of existing users. This
results in a design that caters almost entirely to the marginal user. 

HOW I GOT PAID TO LIVE IN ANTARCTICA (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://wandereatwrite.com/how-i-got-paid-to-live-in-antarctica/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article talks about how to get a job in Antarctica and what
living at the McMurdo Station is like. It covers the types of jobs in
Antarctica, how to get one, the living conditions, seasons, the food,
and more. While it is possible to live in Antarctica by working in a
research facility, people can also visit the continent through a
handful of tourist expeditions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SOME FACTS ABOUT SOLAR DEPLOYMENT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://patrickcollison.com/solar?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

We are now deploying roughly 3-4 acres of solar per minute across the
globe. 

LIMITATIONS OF SCOPED CSS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://zellwk.com/blog/limitations-of-scoped-css/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scoped CSS is useful, but you can't style children components or slot
content. 

WHAT I WOULD DO IF I WASN‚ÄôT AT ARC EVALS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/6FkWnktH3mjMAxdRT/what-i-would-do-if-i-wasn-t-at-arc-evals?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A member of the Alignment Research Center Evaluations Team shares a
list of 9 projects that they would consider doing if they weren't in
their current position. 

WORDPRESS BLOGS CAN NOW BE FOLLOWED IN THE FEDIVERSE, INCLUDING
MASTODON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/14/wordpress-blogs-can-now-be-followed-in-the-fediverse-including-mastodon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

WordPress has released ActivityPub 1.0.0 for WordPress, which allows
WordPress blogs to be followed by others on fediverse apps and receive
replies as comments. 

NUE JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nuejs/nuejs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nue JS is an exceptionally small JavaScript library for building web
interfaces. 

ARM AND A LEG: ARM'S QUEST TO EXTRACT THEIR TRUE VALUE (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.semianalysis.com/p/arm-and-a-leg-arms-quest-to-extract?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Arm is increasing prices to extract value closer to what they actually
deliver, a pivot from its previous strategy of discounting prices to
secure market share growth. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4428c072-539f-11ee-a195-c79304af5efc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694772019&t=1694774619&s=79a5cfd32860fb654654a2596134767cee8d731519e9056c90d0dbdef73c025c].