# Articles TLDR 16-06-2023

Reddit has informed moderators that it plans to replace resistant
moderation teams to keep spaces open and accessible to users.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d3f7fee4-0c18-11ee-843f-4d54e38a08db&pt=campaign&t=1686913827&s=ee8b430440c6e6c6c21e70273aaa6e151c772f5ba55ada94233ee393f0bcd166]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Merge]
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]

TLDR 2023-06-16

IF YOU LOVE BUILDING INTEGRATIONS, THIS API ISN‚ÄôT FOR YOU (SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]

Ticketing integrations. Accounting integrations. HR and payroll. ATS.
CRM. The list never ends. üò®
If you‚Äôre a developer who has better things to do than maintain API
integrations, you can use Merge
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]
instead.

Merge is a single API to add hundreds of integrations to your app
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16].
Simply link and sync to build any integration use case imaginable, on
one data model
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16].

‚úÖ 100s of integrations
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]

‚úÖ Accessible API and SDK

‚úÖ Real time data
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]
and continuous sync

‚úÖ Trusted by Gong, AngelList, Calendly, Ramp, and many others

Create a free Merge account to build better faster
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q2%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=primary%206%2F16]
üëÄ

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

REDDIT THREATENS TO REMOVE MODERATORS FROM SUBREDDITS CONTINUING
APOLLO-RELATED BLACKOUTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/06/15/reddit-threatens-to-remove-subreddit-moderators/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Reddit has informed moderators that it plans to replace resistant
moderation teams to keep spaces open and accessible to users. Reddit's
Moderator Code of Conduct says that Reddit has the duty to keep
communities operational if users rely upon them. Many subreddits went
dark between Monday and Wednesday to protest Reddit's pricing for its
API. Some have made the decision to continue the blackout
indefinitely. Reddit's CEO said that the blackouts had no significant
impact and that there were no plans to change the API pricing. 

WITH FORD AND GM'S HELP, TESLA REIGNITES THE CHARGING STANDARD WAR (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/06/with-ford-and-gms-help-tesla-reignites-the-charging-standard-war/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Combined Charging System Type 1 (CCS1) standard seemed like it had
become the charging system for electric vehicles until recently, when
Ford and General Motors both signed deals to adapt their electric
vehicles to use Tesla's North American Charging Standard (NACS). While
the majority of new EVs in the US will use the NACS in the future,
recently passed legislation will mean that CCS1 charging
infrastructure will still be built into public charging network
charging ports. Updating the regulation would cause extensive retrofit
costs for public charging networks. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

VIRGIN GALACTIC STARTS COMMERCIAL SPACEFLIGHTS IN TWO WEEKS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/15/virgin-galactic-starts-commercial-spaceflights-in-two-weeks/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Virgin Galactic is starting commercial spaceflight services at the end
of the month. The company plans to begin working through its
ticket-holder backlog through monthly launches after two initial
missions. The first will be a scientific research mission and the
second will be the first real private astronaut flight. Virgin
Galactic plans to increase its launch cadence to reduce scarcity and
lower the price. Its launch method involves dropping a spacecraft from
a custom carrier jet at a high altitude and taking off from there. 

INTEL TO START SHIPPING A QUANTUM PROCESSOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/06/intel-to-start-shipping-a-quantum-processor/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Intel is starting to ship its Tunnel Falls processor to research labs.
The 12-qubit chip will be sent to the Universities of Maryland,
Rochester, and Wisconsin and the Sandia National Lab. Intel hopes that
researchers will help the company characterize sources of error and
determine which form of qubits provide the best performance. Details
about the Tunnel Falls processor and how it works are available in the
article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

VERCEL AI SDK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/vercel-labs/ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Vercel AI SDK is a library for building edge-ready AI-powered
streaming text and chat UIs. It features React and Svelte helpers for
streaming text responses and building UIs, first-class support for
LangChain, OpenAI, Anthropic, and HuggingFace, Edge Runtime
compatibility, and callbacks for saving completed streaming responses
to a database. The SDK can be used to build a ChatGPT-like app with
just a few lines of code. 

THE NEW LANGUAGE MODEL STACK (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/llm-stack-perspective/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The adoption of language model APIs is creating a new stack. This
article looks at data from a survey across 33 companies in the Sequoia
network to better understand the applications people are building and
the stacks they are using. Almost all the companies surveyed use
OpenAI's GPT and believe that a retrieval system is a key part of
their stack. The field is moving too quickly for anyone to be
confident in predicting what the end-state stack will look like, but
LLM APIs and frameworks like LangChain are likely here to stay. It is
still early days for the AI industry and there will be more
opportunities for founders as the technology continues to develop. 

FERN¬†- INSTANTLY CREATE A STRIPE-LIKE API EXPERIENCE¬†(GITHUB
REPO¬†SPONSOR) [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq]

Fern¬†is an open source tool to automatically generate idiomatic
client libraries and Stripe-like API documentation.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile¬†already
use¬†Fern¬†to¬†develop¬†their¬†APIs¬†and generate their¬†SDKs, click
here [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq] to learn more.

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ONE-PERSON COMPANY THAT MAKES LEAGUE OF LEGENDS STAT TOOL GETS $55M
BUYOUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2023/06/one-person-company-that-makes-league-of-legends-stat-tool-gets-55m-buyout/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Wargraphs, a Paris-based company with one employee and two products,
League of Graphs and Porofessor, was acquired by MOBA Network last
week for 50 million Euros. The company's tools can be used to help
players see and understand invaluable statistics for the game League
of Legends. Wargraphs made 12.3 million Euros in sales during the year
leading up to November 2022 by selling advertisements. Its apps have
over 800,000 daily users. MOBA Network plans to further develop the
assets and expand into new games and markets. 

VISION PRO (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2023/6/15/vision-pro?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While we now have practical VR devices that are far beyond prototypes
or proofs of concepts, we haven't yet seen mass-market adoption. VR
devices will get a lot better in the future, but it is still unknown
whether they will become popular like smartphones or PCs. Apple has
decided it isn't worth making or selling a device without the
capabilities that the Vision Pro has. Unlike Meta, which is working to
deliver hardware at the right price, Apple is creating the right
hardware and waiting for prices to drop. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE DOMAINS SHUTTING DOWN, ASSETS SOLD AND BEING MIGRATED TO
SQUARESPACE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/06/15/google-domains-squarespace/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Squarespace has entered a definitive asset purchase agreement with
Google and will acquire the assets associated with the Google Domains
business, which include approximately 10 million domains spread across
millions of customers. 

UNSUCKJS (WEBSITE) [https://unsuckjs.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

UnsuckJS progressively enhances HTML with lightweight JavaScript
libraries without any build tools or compilers. 

AI 'GODFATHER' PROF YAN LECUN SAYS IT WON'T TAKE OVER THE WORLD (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-65886125?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Prof Yan LeCun says that while there is no question that AI will
surpass human intelligence, we are still many years away from reaching
that level, and people won‚Äôt build something if they realize it's
not safe. 

~BIG~ NEWS IN AI LAND (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/amir/status/1669456425872146432]

Meta wants to make the next version of its open source large language
model LLaMA available for commercial use. 

LLMS FOR SOFTWARE PORTABILITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/llms-for-software-portability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI coding assistants excel at building compatibility layers between
multiple specifications. 

AMAZON'S SECOND HEADQUARTERS COMES TO LIFE IN 21 PHOTOS FROM THE
OFFICIAL OPENING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/amazon-offices/amazon-opens-offices-at-hq2-in-arlington-va?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon's Metropolitan Park headquarters features two 22-story towers,
sustainable green spaces, and local retailers. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d3f7fee4-0c18-11ee-843f-4d54e38a08db&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686909622&t=1686913827&s=c8b3e9aa70fb69ed24a37274335d1c2ef9547b27f98338cdfb5ee755c9a604cd].