# Articles TLDR 07-07-2023

Threads had more than 30 million sign-ups and 95 million posts in its
first 24 hours.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d741f40e-1c9b-11ee-afc4-7be73d66d476&pt=campaign&t=1688726800&s=64c2592238597561be889a0f743da0f65b31f7d5b07d1e7fa48b438e38ed2b33]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LeadPages] [https://try.leadpages.com/vyny7s34taiv]

TLDR 2023-07-07

EASILY BUILD LANDING PAGES THAT CONVERT. NO CODE REQUIRED. (SPONSOR)
[https://try.leadpages.com/vyny7s34taiv]

LeadPages [https://try.leadpages.com/vyny7s34taiv] is the world leader
in building high-converting websites and landing pages.
Boost your leads and sales with over 250 conversion-optimized
templates and a no-code Drag & Drop Builder.

Get started with your free trial today
[https://try.leadpages.com/vyny7s34taiv]!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

THREADS ALREADY HAS OVER 95 MILLION POSTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/6/23786108/threads-internal-activity-data-exclusive-instagram-meta?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Threads had more than 30 million sign-ups and 95 million posts in its
first 24 hours. It reached the top free apps on the App Store. There
are still a lot of features missing from the app, such as DMs or a
reverse chronological following feed. The app is also missing a
planned integration with the decentralized ActivityPub protocol. 

APPLE IS INVENTING A REVOLUTIONARY CAR AUDIO SYSTEM FOR APPLE CAR (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/07/06/apple-is-inventing-a-revolutionary-car-audio-system-for-apple-car?utm_medium=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is inventing a whole new stereo system for the Apple Car. The
company recently filed five patent applications about audio in the
car. It uses the phrase 'enclosed environment' as a euphemism for the
car, but the way the term is used strongly suggests that it can't
refer to anything else but a vehicle. This article provides an
overview of the five patents along with images from the applications. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

INDIA TO LAUNCH CHANDRAYAAN-3 MOON LANDER MISSION ON JULY 14 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/06/india-chandrayaan-3-moon-lander-mission-launch-date/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

India will launch the Chandrayaan-3 mission on July 14, almost four
years after the crash of its previous iteration. The mission involves
sending a lander, propulsion module, and rover to the lunar surface to
conduct on-site scientific experiments. It should land on the Moon in
August. If successful, India will be the fourth country in the world
to achieve a soft landing on the Moon. 

REVOLUTIONARY GEL ALLOWS METAL ITEMS TO BE 3D PRINTED AT ROOM
TEMPERATURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/3d-printing/copper-gel-3d-printed-metal-room-temperature/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A new type of gel allows 3D printers to print heat-sensitive
electronics. It enables the 3D printing of metal objects at room
temperature. The gel temporarily turns a metal alloy into a
liquid-metal state - it becomes rigid and highly electrically
conductive after it is left to dry. It can create objects that can
change shape in a predictable fashion if heat is applied while it is
drying, allowing for the production of items with complex 3D shapes
that are easier to print as a flat pattern. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GET 3-MINUTE¬†QA¬†CYCLES AND 80% AUTOMATED TEST COVERAGE IN JUST 4
MONTHS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Get3MinuteQACycles07072023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA¬†Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Get3MinuteQACycles07072023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
has developed a unique, cost-effective approach to testing that gets
you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4 months ‚Äî and
keeps you there. How cost-effective? Their latest case study shows how
they've helped GUIDEcx save $642k+ / year
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Get3MinuteQACycles07072023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
in QA, Engineering, and Support costs.
Their secret? A combination of in-house QA experts building your test
suite in open-source Microsoft Playwright, unlimited test runs
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Get3MinuteQACycles07072023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
on their 100% parallel testing infrastructure, and 24-hour test
maintenance.

Skeptical? Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Get3MinuteQACycles07072023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
and see for yourself. (PS: Ask about their 90-day pilot)

GPT-4 API GENERAL AVAILABILITY AND DEPRECATION OF OLDER MODELS IN THE
COMPLETIONS API (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/gpt-4-api-general-availability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

All paying OpenAI API customers now have access to GPT-4. The GPT-3.5
Turbo, DALL¬∑E, and Whisper APIs are also now generally available.
Models using the Completions API are set to be deprecated in favor of
models using the Chat Completions API, which often provides better
results. Older embeddings models will also soon be deprecated as the
current recommended model, text-embedding-ada-002, accounts for 99.9%
of all embedding API usage. The Edits API will be deprecated in
January. Details about which exact models will be deprecated are
available in the article. 

TYSON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jetpack-io/tyson?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

TySON (TypeScript Object Notation) is an embeddable configuration
language that generates JSON. It can create JSON with comments, types,
and basic logic using TypeScript syntax. The project aims to make it
possible for all major programming languages to read configuration
written in TypeScript using native libraries. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TWITTER IS THREATENING TO SUE META OVER THREADS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semafor.com/article/07/06/2023/twitter-is-threatening-to-sue-meta-over-threads?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Twitter has accused Meta of poaching former employees to create
Threads. It is threatening to sue Meta to enforce its intellectual
property rights. Twitter's lawyers allege that Meta hired and assigned
former Twitter employees to develop Threads with the specific intent
that they use Twitter's trade secrets and other intellectual property
to accelerate development. A Meta spokesperson responded by saying
that Twitter's accusations are baseless as no one on the Threads
engineering team is a former Twitter employee. 

MY SMALL, NO NAME COMPANY HAS COMPLETELY LOST ITS MIND WITH AI (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teamblind.com/post/My-small-no-name-company-has-completely-lost-its-mind-with-AI-nfqEDfSi?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some people really think that AI is a magical thing that can fix all
their problems. This article gives an example of a company that is
using AI to generate JIRA tickets, code, and HR documents without any
care about quality or security or checks for legality. The entire
process has become a failed experiment that the company's engineers
have had to clean up, but the company's decision-makers continue to
push the technology to please the CEO. Examples of no name companies
acting like this serve as an indication of what the future might hold.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE‚ÄôS FIRST FULLY CUSTOM PIXEL CHIP, TENSOR G5, COMING 2025 FROM
TSMC (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/07/06/google-pixel-tensor-g5-tsmc/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is sticking with Samsung for next year's Tensor chip design and
manufacturing, but it has been replacing Samsung components with its
own IP every generation. 

THE SECRET LIFE OF .WELL-KNOWN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://ishan.page/blog/2023-07-02-well-known?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The .well-known directory was intended to be a generic and extendable
version of robots.txt. 

TWINSPARK (WEBSITE)
[https://twinspark.js.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

TwinSpark is a declarative enhancement for HTML that transfers a lot
of the common logic from JavaScript into a few declarative HTML
attributes to allow developers to make interactive sites with little
JavaScript and more manageable code. 

KEEPING UP WITH BIG SHIFTS IN TECH (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-07-06-keeping-up-with-big-shifts-in-tech/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article features interviews with several developers about their
views on how to keep up with the fast-paced changes of the tech world.


META WILL NUKE YOUR INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT IF YOU DELETE THREADS PROFILE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/06/threads-delete-profile-instagram-meta/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Threads profiles can be deactivated at any time, but deleting a
Threads account requires deleting the linked Instagram account. 

CODE INTERPRETER WILL BE AVAILABLE TO ALL CHATGPT PLUS USERS OVER THE
NEXT WEEK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/OpenAI/status/1677015057316872192]

Code Interpreter lets ChatGPT run code to analyze data, create charts,
edit files, perform math, and more. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d741f40e-1c9b-11ee-afc4-7be73d66d476&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688724042&t=1688726800&s=69df6e7bf42162db45503c41dda34dadb7ff25de782f000dba99370f7db996aa].