# Articles TLDR 18-09-2023

Pre-orders for the iPhone 15 are now live.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=31422586-55f0-11ee-8086-bdb52f9103ec&pt=campaign&t=1695033867&s=f660700e9a178fd42d79568a1cacfddccb04f979a9b56ee988213881534abc5c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Interview Kickstart]
[https://www.interviewkickstart.com/?stayhere=1&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230918]

TLDR 2023-09-18

2 MILLION AI JOB SHORTFALL: SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY NOW (SPONSOR)
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course-v4?utm_source=tldr&utm_camapign=tldr_main_switchup]

With a shortfall of 2 million AI jobs in 2023 (LinkedIn) and
'Generation AI' forecasted to generate $4.4 trillion in economic value
(McKinsey Report), the landscape is ripe for revolution.
Don't miss out on this career-defining opportunity. Join INTERVIEW
KICKSTART‚ÄôS NEXT SESSION
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course-v4?utm_source=tldr&utm_camapign=tldr_main_switchup]
to understand:¬†

‚úÖ How to future-proof your career with AI/ Machine Learning/ Data
Science

‚úÖ Study AI/ ML / Data Science with the industry‚Äôs best - FAANG+
AI/ML Engineers & Industry Experts

‚úÖ Get a sneak peek of Interview Kickstart‚Äôs AI Curriculum:
Foundations, Projects, Interview Preparation, and much more for AI /ML
and AI Data Science

REGISTER FOR FREE SESSION AND GET FULL ACCESS TO INTERVIEW
KICKSTART‚ÄôS 'SORTING ALGORITHMS' COURSE WORTH $399 (LIMITED SLOTS).
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course-v4?utm_source=tldr&utm_camapign=tldr_main_switchup]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE ANSWERS ALL OF OUR IPHONE 15 PRO QUESTIONS: 'IT'S GOING TO BE
THE BEST GAME CONSOLE' (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ign.com/articles/apple-iphone-15-pro-gaming-interview?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Pre-orders for the iPhone 15 are now live. Four AAA games are getting
native versions exclusive to the iPhone 15 Pro. This article contains
an interview with several members behind the development of the iPhone
15 Pro on Apple's gaming ambitions and why the tech giant believes
that the phone will become 'the best game console'. The main reason is
its power and portability. 

IN THE GOOGLE ANTITRUST TRIAL, DEFAULTS ARE EVERYTHING AND NOBODY
LIKES BING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/15/23875342/justice-department-google-antitrust-search-trial-week-one-recap?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US Justice Department says that Google owes its dominance thanks
to a series of coercive deals that have let the search engine market
stagnate. Google's anti-competitive tactics allowed it to maintain an
overwhelming search engine monopoly. The company struck many deals
that would make its search engine the default and then used its vast
quantities of search data to improve its engine, creating a feedback
loop that made it almost impossible to beat. One of the most important
questions in the case is whether consumer harm can apply to free
products like search engines. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

‚ÄúINVERSE VACCINE‚Äù SHOWS POTENTIAL TO TREAT MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS AND
OTHER AUTOIMMUNE DISEASES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://pme.uchicago.edu/news/inverse-vaccine-shows-potential-treat-multiple-sclerosis-and-other-autoimmune-diseases?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from the University of Chicago‚Äôs Pritzker School of
Molecular Engineering have developed a new type of vaccine that can
completely reverse autoimmune diseases without shutting down the rest
of the immune system. The vaccine removes the immune system's memory
of one molecule, stopping autoimmune reactions like those seen in
multiple sclerosis, type I diabetes, or rheumatoid arthritis. Initial
phase I safety trials of the vaccine are currently underway. 

THE US MILITARY JUST PROVED IT CAN GET SATELLITES INTO SPACE SUPER
FAST (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/09/firefly-and-space-force-demonstrate-ability-to-rapidly-launch-a-satellite/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US military has been pushing satellite and launch companies to
become more responsive in their ability to put spacecraft into space
so that assets can be rapidly replaced in orbit if they are destroyed
during a conflict. It contracted with US launch company Firefly to
build a spacecraft that can be put into orbit within 24 hours of
receiving the go command from the military. The system was recently
tested, with Firefly successfully launching a satellite within 27
hours of receiving the go command. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

V0 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jaredpalmer/status/1702356555218506070?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


v0 is effectively Midjourney for React. It takes simple prompts and
generates copy-and-paste-friendly React. v0 was trained on custom code
mixed with open-source and synthetic datasets. It is currently free to
use while in Private Alpha. Pricing will be announced when v0 becomes
publicly available. 

WHAT SILICON VALLEY "GETS" ABOUT SOFTWARE ENGINEERS THAT TRADITIONAL
COMPANIES DO NOT (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/what-silicon-valley-gets-right-on-software-engineers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Silicon Valley companies consistently get a few things that
traditional companies either fail to understand or implement in
practice. These practices result in faster innovation, better
professional growth, better utilization, and higher wages. They
include giving software engineers autonomy, treating engineers as
curious problem solvers rather than mindless resources, exposing
engineers to the business and business metrics, investing in a less
frustrating developer experience, and considering engineers as value
generators. People who have worked in Silicon Valley-like environments
tend to struggle to go back to the traditional workplace. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

UNITY'S SELF-COMBUSTION ENGINE (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gamesindustry.biz/unitys-self-combustion-engine-this-week-in-business?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Unity recently announced a new Runtime Fee that will charge Unity
developers of a certain size every time their games are installed on a
new device after January 1, 2024. The charge is based on game
installs, not sales. It will apply to games on streaming services,
early access games, Betas, and demos that can be converted to full
games. The move has resulted in a loss of trust from many developers. 

A LOOK AT APPLE‚ÄôS NEW TRANSFORMER-POWERED PREDICTIVE TEXT MODEL (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://jackcook.com/2023/09/08/predictive-text.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple announced a new Transformer language model-based predictive text
for iOS and macOS during its WWDC event. It may be one of the first
Transformer-based models that Apple will ship in its operating
systems. This article takes a look at the underlying model powering
the feature, its architecture, and the data that was used to train the
model. Many details about the model are still unclear. 

WANT TO BE PART OF TLDR? (TLDR JOB)

Hey everyone, TLDR is hiring an Advertising¬†Sales¬†Director with
experience in software or media¬†sales¬†to join our fully remote team
of seven to lead the next phase of our revenue growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Responsibilities include building relationships with
advertising¬†partners and marketing agencies and handling
complex¬†sales.¬†

Total compensation including commission will be between $150,000 -
$225,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile
to¬†jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a
good fit.

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NO SACRED MASTERPIECES (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://basta.substack.com/p/no-sacred-masterpieces?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A story of one engineer's experience working for Uber on a project
that was eventually sunsetted. 

A NEW AGE OF MAGIC (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://vineeth.io/posts/2023/new-age-of-magic/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Using large language models is analogous to casting spells. 

CENTAURS AND CYBORGS ON THE JAGGED FRONTIER (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/centaurs-and-cyborgs-on-the-jagged?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The results of a new study strongly suggest that AI will have a huge
impact on the future of work. 

WHY THE NEXT MICROGRIDS WILL BE WELL CONNECTED (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/microgrid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Microgrids are miniaturized versions of power grids - connecting them
together would increase their resiliency and facilitate the
integration of more renewable energy. 

LIFE-CHANGING CYSTIC FIBROSIS TREATMENT WINS US$3-MILLION BREAKTHROUGH
PRIZE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02890-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Trikafta, a triple-drug combination, could increase life expectancy in
people with cystic fibrosis from around 30 to more than 80 years. 

CATALA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/CatalaLang/catala?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Catala is a programming language adapted for socio-fiscal legislative
literate programming that can compile into lawyer-readable PDFs. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=31422586-55f0-11ee-8086-bdb52f9103ec&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695031216&t=1695033867&s=0890379a7ddd8e366e1215c1a765dcfd037872fe664dd4cb644e9ceca7cc506c].