# Articles TLDR 08-03-2023

Meta could be set to lay off thousands of workers in a new round of
job cuts starting this week.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=42b8187a-bd84-11ed-949c-e32909a5d1de&pt=campaign&t=1678277654&s=e3ca805000cb060aef10ac8f66f355e81eef1dc227eb0ae25a9ddb0dc93e3e43]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-08

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

NEW MACBOOK AIRS AND 13-INCH MACBOOK PRO WILL REPORTEDLY FEATURE M3
CHIP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/03/06/new-macbook-airs-with-m3-chip-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is reportedly set to equip its next-gen 13-inch and 15-inch
MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro models with the M3 chip. The M3
chip boasts an 8-core CPU and will be built on TSMC's latest 3nm
process. It features increases in both performance and power
efficiency. Apple's upcoming WWDC 2023 in June is an ideal time for
the reveal of the M3 chip and the first devices it will power. 

META PLANNING THOUSANDS OF MORE CUTS AFTER WIDESPREAD LAYOFFS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/07/meta-planning-thousands-of-more-cuts-after-widespread-layoffs.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta could be set to lay off thousands of workers in a new round of
job cuts starting this week. This is in addition to the 13% of
employees let go in November as part of a cost-cutting initiative to
remove non-performing or outdated projects and streamline
decision-making. Mark Zuckerberg is taking responsibility for the new
round of cuts, saying that layoffs were a last resort. The company is
looking to reduce layers of middle management to speed up
decision-making and maintain profitability. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FLORIDA STARTUP MOVES CLOSER TO BUILDING DATA CENTERS ON THE MOON (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/startup-moves-closer-building-data-centers-moon-1850192177?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lonestar Data Holdings, a cloud computing startup, has raised $5
million to build data centers on the lunar surface for secure data
storage and edge processing. Storing data remotely on the Moon will
alleviate energy consumption and digital pollution problems caused by
Earth-based data centers. Lonestar's lunar data centers will initially
be used for remote data storage and disaster recovery, as well as
support for commercial and private exploration of the Moon. The
company aims to launch a miniature data center box, which weighs about
2 pounds and has a capacity of 16 terabytes, to the lunar surface this
year. 

EMERGENT ABILITIES OF LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/emergent-abilities-of-large-language-models/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores the concept of emergence and its relationship
with Large language models (LLMs) and AI. LLMs are probabilistic
models that can learn and generate natural language patterns. As LLMs
are scaled and trained on more data, their ability to learn these
patterns improves as observed by quantitative metrics. However, the
scaling process also unlocks new and unexpected qualitative behavior,
such as the ability to perform arithmetic and summarize passages,
which LLMs learn through natural language observation. These emergent
abilities appear suddenly and unpredictably, leading to questions
about their cause and significance. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HOW DISCORD STORES TRILLIONS OF MESSAGES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://discord.com/blog/how-discord-stores-trillions-of-messages?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Discord published a blog post in 2017 chronicling the journey of
migrating from MongoDB to Cassandra to store billions of messages. The
company was looking for a database that could scale, be
fault-tolerant, and have fewer maintenance needs. The Cassandra
cluster faced significant performance issues that required more effort
to maintain than improve. As a result, Discord changed its message
storage system. This article discusses the problems with the previous
system and the process of developing a storage system to handle
trillions of messages. 

ONLINE GRADIENT DESCENT WRITTEN IN SQL (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://maxhalford.github.io/blog/ogd-in-sql/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Modern MLOps can be complicated. Bundling the logic into a database
can make it easier. This article discusses the implementation of a
machine learning algorithm in a relational database using SQL to
remove the need for separate inference and training services. It
begins by implementing simpler online algorithms before working
towards more complex implementations like online gradient descent. 

ELIMINATE DATA BLIND SPOTS WITH CDATA‚ÄôS DATA CONNECTIVITY AS A
SERVICE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.cdata.com/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=realtime]


Data isn‚Äôt useful unless it‚Äôs available in the tools people are
already using - whether that‚Äôs Tableau, Power BI, or Google Sheets.
CData Connect Cloud
[https://www.cdata.com/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=realtime]
lets you close enterprise data gaps by allowing everyone to
effortlessly connect to data from any cloud reporting, analytics, or
business tool.
100+ enterprise data sources. Real time cloud connectivity. Try
Connect Cloud for free
[https://www.cdata.com/cloud/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=realtime]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW REDDIT IS GETTING SIMPLER ‚Äî AND DEALING WITH TIKTOK, WITH CHIEF
PRODUCT OFFICER PALI BHAT (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23626284/reddit-pali-bhat-tiktok-social-network-google-search-video?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article features an interview with Pali Bhat, Reddit‚Äôs
first-ever chief product officer. In the interview, Bhat discusses his
focus on making Reddit simpler for new users to join and participate
in interesting conversations, implementing changes to simplify the
moderation process, rolling out a dedicated video feed to compete with
other social networks, Google‚Äôs role in search, and the criticism
aimed at Google's search quality. He also provides insight into what
he learned from Google‚Äôs culture that he hopes to bring to
Reddit‚Äôs product team. 

WHY THE FLOPPY DISK JUST WON‚ÄôT DIE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/why-the-floppy-disk-just-wont-die/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The world‚Äôs reliance on floppy disks continues to linger years after
their manufacturers stopped producing them. Machines across
industries, from medical equipment to aircraft, are still dependent on
them. Many of the companies using them are small to medium businesses
or those constrained by costs. The supply limitations will eventually
force people to upgrade or replace their equipment. The disks once
manufactured have a finite supply, and a portion of that supply is
being consumed every day. No one knows the exact size of this
inventory, but it is believed to be dispersed among many small
collections. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

QUALCOMM WANTS TO REPLACE ESIMS WITH ISIMS, HAS THE FIRST CERTIFIED
SOC (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/03/qualcomm-wants-to-replace-esims-with-isims-has-the-first-certified-soc/?comments=1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Qualcomm's Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 is the world's first commercially
deployable Integrated SIM. 

TECH LAYOFFS ARE BAD NEWS FOR MBA GRADS SEEKING JOBS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/pWJpV?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

While tech companies are still hiring, less just-in-time recruiting is
expected this spring, so students hoping to land a tech job must be
nimble. 

HAMILTON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dagworks-inc/hamilton?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Hamilton is a general-purpose micro-framework for creating dataflows
from python functions. 

GOOGLE TELLS EMPLOYEES THAT FEWER OF THEM WILL GET PROMOTIONS TO
SENIOR ROLES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/06/google-tells-employees-that-fewer-of-them-will-get-promotions-to-senior-roles.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is planning for fewer promotions into L6 and above than when
the company was growing quickly. 

BEARER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bearer/bearer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Bearer is a static application security testing tool that scans code
and analyzes data flows to discover, filter, and prioritize security
risks and vulnerabilities. 

NEW IN CHROME 111 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/new-in-chrome-111/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new Chrome features a View Transitions API, CSS Color Level 4, new
tools in the style panel, and more. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TRACKFIVE - DIRECTOR OF PRODUCT (LANCASTER, PENNSYLVANIA, $130,000 -
$150,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/director-of-product/363] 

TrackFive is hiring a Director of Product to be responsible for the
entire product development lifecycle for a company that aims to
revolutionize recruiting with easy-to-use tools and platforms. 

BELL - SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER, FULL STACK (TORONTO, ONTARIO,
CANADA, $120,000 - $170,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-developer%2C-full-stack/362] 

Bell is hiring a Senior Software Developer to solve technical
challenges for Canada‚Äôs largest communications company. 

KLAVIYO - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEERING -
PLATFORM INFRASTRUCTURE (DENVER, COLORADO, $168,000 - $193,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer%2C-site-reliability-engineering---platform-infrastructure/352]


Klaviyo is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build foundational
backend services as well as tooling and automation for a world-leading
database analytics and marketing automation platform. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=42b8187a-bd84-11ed-949c-e32909a5d1de&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678273217&t=1678277654&s=ae1e61105b947cc50ecc50555f10b0b5c9613020f92b85bc62bd670418797aa6].


¬†