# Articles TLDR 16-10-2023

Googles latest experiment has its homepage filled with rows of news
articles.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=038c7326-6bf8-11ee-9f85-b706d0528701&pt=campaign&t=1697453078&s=a82895dca9e4183888407eebee10e42f6e7e50a02e0b823100c9ce33090b22f2]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/]

TLDR 2023-10-16

 TLDR¬†IS HIRING A PART TIME CURATOR FOR OUR¬†TLDR¬†DEVOPS¬†NEWSLETTER
(FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) 

 Description:¬†TLDR¬†is hiring a part time¬†curator¬†to join
our¬†TLDR¬†DevOps¬†newsletter curation team. The newsletter already
has over 200,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a
personal brand within the¬†devops¬†community.
The ideal candidate would work in¬†devops¬†full time and enjoy keeping
up with¬†devops¬†news and trends through channels like Twitter,
Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is¬†~2-4 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. To
apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to¬†jobs@tldr.tech¬†along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 GOOGLE.COM TESTS A NEWS-FILLED HOMEPAGE, JUST LIKE BING AND YAHOO (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/google-com-tests-a-news-filled-homepage-just-like-bing-and-yahoo/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google's latest experiment has its homepage filled with rows of news
articles. The experiment is currently being run in India and might not
ever see a wide launch. Even if it does launch, it could be an
optional setting or alternative mode, with the traditional white page
still available as an option. Google used to have a feature that
allowed users to customize their home pages with various news,
weather, and stock widgets. 

 APPLE‚ÄôS CHEAPER VISION PRO FOLLOW-UP STILL WON‚ÄôT BE CHEAP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/15/23917710/apple-vision-pro-cheaper-no-eyesight-external-display?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple is apparently aiming for a price point between $1,500 and
$2,500 for its more affordable follow-up to the Apple Vision Pro. The
cheaper version will likely ditch the external display and run on an
iPhone-grade chip, have fewer cameras, and get lower-resolution
screens inside. Apple has reportedly shifted people away from its
technically-challenging AR glasses project to prioritize the
development of the friendlier-priced version of the headset. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 NASA JUST LAUNCHED THE PSYCHE MISSION‚ÄîNO ONE KNOWS WHAT IT WILL
FIND (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/10/nasa-is-about-to-launch-a-mission-of-pure-discovery-to-a-metal-asteroid/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Psyche is an asteroid 2.2 billion miles away that is likely the
exposed core of a failed planet. If all goes well, the Psyche
spacecraft will settle in an orbit around the asteroid in 2029.
Scientists are quite confident that the asteroid is largely made of
metal. The Psyche mission's findings will have important implications
for asteroid mining. 

 TURBULENCE FREE FLIGHTS ARE COMING SOON! (38 SECOND VIDEO)
[https://twitter.com/yvesremmler/status/1713310384554131516?s=12&t=lzJzzNEd73WnHACaOzDYtQ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This video from Turbulence Solutions shows a demo of its
turbulence-free flight technology. It shows the difference between
turbulence levels with the technology turned on and off. The video
ends with footage of a piloted plane using the technology and graphs
showing the difference in turbulence levels. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE WITH FULLY AUTOMATED END-TO-END TEST COVERAGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Kissbugsgoodbye10162023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


 QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Kissbugsgoodbye10162023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
offers a cost-effective approach to getting 80% test coverage in just
4 months. They will build and maintain your test suite in Playwright
(no more dealing with false positives or flaky tests) + provide
unlimited parallel test runs on their infrastructure at no additional
cost. The benefit? No more manual e2e testing, no more slow QA cycles,
and no more bugs.
They have multiple case studies of customers saving $200k+/year in QA
engineering and infrastructure costs. Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=Kissbugsgoodbye10162023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn more.

 OMNIGRES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/omnigres/omnigres?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Omnigres allows developers to deploy a single database instance that
can host an entire application while scaling as needed. It can run
application logic inside or next to the database instance. Omnigres
contains application building blocks for authentication,
authorization, payments, and more. 

 POSTGRES.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/porsager/postgres?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 Postgres.js is a full-featured PostgreSQL client for Node.js, Deno,
Bun, and CloudFlare. It has ES6 Tagged Template Strings at the core, a
simple surface API, and dynamic query support. Postgres.js supports
custom types and TypeScript. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY WE DON‚ÄôT SHIP SOFTWARE AS FAST AS WE USED TO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/why-we-don-t-ship-software-as-fast-as-we-used-to?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Software development used to be much faster. However, software is not
as simple as it used to be. A lot of the complexity in today's
software is invisible. This complexity is required just to meet
today's baseline expectations. Slower development isn't necessarily
worse - it's just what happens when projects get bigger and more
people are involved. 

 STARTUP AIMS TO BUILD HUNDREDS OF CHIP FACTORIES WITH PREFAB PARTS
AND AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://hardware.slashdot.org/story/23/10/14/0536251/startup-aims-to-build-hundreds-of-chip-factories-with-prefab-parts-and-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Nanotronics is a New York-based industrial AI company that wants to
build an AI-enabled chip factory that can be assembled and expanded
modularly with prefab pieces. Its Cubefabs system uses AI to take away
the need for the specialization normally needed in a lab and allow
people who are not semiconductor experts to work at the facilities.
Each facility will need only about 30 people to operate. The bulk of
each facility can be flat-packed and put in a shipping container. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 BEHIND THE SCENES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/spdustin/ChatGPT-AutoExpert/blob/main/System%20Prompts.md?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This repository looks at the system messages used for ChatGPT and how
they might influence custom instructions. 

 SIPPY HELPS YOU AVOID EGRESS FEES WHILE INCREMENTALLY MIGRATING DATA
FROM S3 TO R2 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cloudflare.com/sippy-incremental-migration-s3-r2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Sippy is an incremental migration service for AWS that copies data
from S3 to R2 as it is requested without paying unnecessary cloud
egress fees typically associated with moving large amounts of data. 

 A WILD IDEA TO PROTECT THE GREAT BARRIER REEF (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://nautil.us/a-wild-idea-to-protect-the-great-barrier-reef-413426/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Cloud brightening, a controversial tool, could one day be used to
help mitigate the effects of underwater heatwaves. 

 THE HALF-LIFE OF THE AI STACK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/the-half-life-of-the-ai-stack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The infrastructure layer in AI is rapidly changing due to accelerated
hardware development, fierce optimization competition, fast-paced
research, long feedback cycles, ambiguity in other layers, and the
commoditization of infrastructure components. 

 MICROSOFT COMPLETES $69BN TAKEOVER OF CALL OF DUTY MAKER ACTIVISION
BLIZZARD (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/business-67080391?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The deal for Microsoft's takeover of Activision Blizzard, which took
almost two years to close, involves Microsoft transferring the cloud
gaming rights for Activision's content to Ubisoft for 15 years outside
the European Economic Area. 

 GOOGLE‚ÄôS AI-POWERED SEARCH EXPERIENCE CAN NOW GENERATE IMAGES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/12/23913337/google-ai-powered-search-sge-images-written-drafts?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google has implemented checks to make sure its image generation tool
doesn't generate images that violate the company's prohibited use
policy and every generated image will have metadata labeling and
embedded watermarking to indicate it was created by AI. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=038c7326-6bf8-11ee-9f85-b706d0528701&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697450417&t=1697453078&s=9201fc3d3a28aedfbda4820f8cc1c64ecb5db747d7793067b9a49de73960f2d1].