# Articles TLDR 12-10-2023

SpaceXs upcoming Starlink for mobile phones will give customers access
to LTE text, voice, and data across the globe¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b7c38326-68c8-11ee-a536-77323c90f1cd&pt=campaign&t=1697108146&s=7bb57dba507bca0e27a9d2234afdead2b25ee936c5ed82b4b18de243ad64a7aa]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

TLDR 2023-10-12

ü§î WHAT IF YOU COULD AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

Compliance is mission critical. So is your product roadmap.
How do you maintain customer trust AND prevent engineering teams from
getting sidelined with tedious, repetitive compliance tasks?

Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
is the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA
compliance ( + other frameworks). Drata connects to all your dozens of
SaaS apps, automatically collects evidence 24/7
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
and gives you insights and reports to track progress.

So skip the manual labor and start automating today
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

You‚Äôll be in great company: Drata is used by thousands of companies
and rated 4.8 by 578+ reviewers on G2.

P.S. TLDR readers get 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SPACEX DEBUTS NEW WEBSITE FOR CELLULAR STARLINK SERVICE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/spacex-debuts-new-website-for-cellular-starlink-service?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX's upcoming Starlink for mobile phones will give customers
access to LTE text, voice, and data across the globe. It will be able
to service unmodified smartphones. SpaceX was originally hoping to
launch with T-Mobile, but the companies have been silent about the
deal since its announcement. The new Starlink for mobile website
indicates that SpaceX plans to launch the voice and text service in
2025. 

OPENAI PLANS MAJOR UPDATES TO LURE DEVELOPERS WITH LOWER COSTS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/exclusive-openai-plans-major-updates-lure-developers-lower-costs-sources-3839146?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI plans to introduce major updates to its API next month,
including memory storage and vision capabilities. The new features are
expected to be rolled out at the company's first-ever developer
conference on November 6. They are designed to attract more developers
to pay for access to OpenAI's models. OpenAI is aiming to hit $1
billion in revenue by 2024. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FIRST-EVER GENE THERAPY TRIAL TO CURE FORM OF DEAFNESS BEGINS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/health/2023/10/first-ever-gene-therapy-trial-to-cure-form-of-deafness-begins/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Up to 18 children from the UK, Spain, and the US are being recruited
for the world's first trial of a gene therapy to cure auditory
neuropathy, a condition caused by the disruption of nerve impulses
traveling from the inner ear to the brain. The condition can be caused
by a variation in a single gene that produces a protein that allows
inner hair cells in the ear to communicate with the hearing nerve. The
study aims to deliver a working copy of the gene using a modified
non-pathogenic virus. Participants will be monitored for five years to
gauge whether the treatment works. 

WHAT TO EXPECT FROM IEDM 2023 THIS DECEMBER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/iedm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The 69th Annual IEEE International Electron Device Meeting is set to
start on December 9. This article presents a teaser of some of the
technologies that will be presented at the conference. Chip companies
can no longer keep on increasing transistor density by scaling down
chip features in two dimensions, so they are now stacking chips on top
of each other and building transistors on top of each other within
chips. Many of these technologies will likely serve machine learning,
an application with an ever-growing need for more processing power. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CNAPP FOR DUMMIES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cnapp-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_CNAPP-for-Dummies-eBook&sfcid=7013z000002BImfAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CNAPPDummies]

A clear, friendly guide to mastering the hot new category in
cloud-native security that's taking the industry by storm.¬†
Wiz partnered with Wiley to create the Cloud Native Application
Protection Platform (CNAPP) for Dummies eBook. This free 48-page PDF
includes everything you _need_ to know
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cnapp-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_CNAPP-for-Dummies-eBook&sfcid=7013z000002BImfAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CNAPPDummies]
to secure the changing landscape of cloud-native applications and
protect your cloud environment today.¬†

GET YOUR FREE GUIDE HERE.¬†
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cnapp-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_CNAPP-for-Dummies-eBook&sfcid=7013z000002BImfAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CNAPPDummies]

CSS RELATIVE COLOR SYNTAX (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-relative-color-syntax/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Relative color syntax is a powerful color feature from CSS Color Level
4 in Chrome 119. It creates a smooth path for color manipulation
within CSS and offers ways to lighten, darken, saturate, desaturate,
and more. Relative color syntax can be used to create a brand color
with any color space or syntax and create half opacity variants with
much less code. It makes it easy to read the intent of styles and
systems. This post helps readers learn the syntax by demonstrating
common color manipulations. 

THINGS I WISH SOMEONE WOULD HAVE TOLD ME ABOUT CONFIGURING VSCODE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bryanbraun.com/2023/08/10/things-i-wish-someone-would-have-told-me-about-configuring-vscode/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains a list of VS Code optimizations that make things
easier for developers. Examples include hiding the .vscode folder
globally, enabling formatters and linter extensions at the workspace
level, and using the built-in terminal. Links to pages with more VS
Code tips and tricks are available at the end of the article. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI ENGINEER SUMMIT REPORT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/ai-engineer-summit-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI is easy - turning a demo into a product is the real challenge.
Working with AI is difficult due to having to deal with
non-deterministic outputs. Developers get a different result every
time they run their code. Evaluating code in AI apps is hard. These
issues were key themes throughout the inaugural AI Engineer Summit
held this week. This article contains a summary of key takeaways from
the summit. 

WORDPRESS.COM BLOGS CAN NOW BE FOLLOWED ON MASTODON AND OTHER
FEDERATED PLATFORMS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/11/wordpress-com-blogs-can-now-be-followed-on-mastodon-and-other-federated-platforms/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Anyone using the hosted version of WordPress can now connect their
blogs to federated platforms like Mastodon. The integration allows
blog owners to share their posts on other platforms and receive
replies from those platforms. The blogs themselves can be used as
fediverse profiles. The feature can be turned on by toggling the
'Enter the fediverse' option from within the Discussion section in
WordPress' blog settings. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SHE'S THE STAR WITNESS AGAINST SAM BANKMAN-FRIED. HER TESTIMONY WAS
EXPLOSIVE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/2023/10/11/1205045583/sam-bankman-fried-trial-caroline-ellison-ftx-alameda-research?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Caroline Ellison's testimony painted Sam Bankman-Fried as the
mastermind behind the FTX fraud and detailed how he manipulated
balance sheets, bribed foreign officials, and more. 

A MONKEY SURVIVED TWO YEARS WITH A MINIATURE PIG‚ÄôS KIDNEY (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.sciencenews.org/article/pig-kidney-monkey-survival-organ-transplant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The pig's kidney was genetically engineered to make it as human as
possible. 

INSIDE VIEWS, IMPOSTOR SYNDROME, AND THE GREAT LARP (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/nt8PmADqKMaZLZGTC/inside-views-impostor-syndrome-and-the-great-larp?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

People with impostor syndrome should view themselves as learning - pay
attention to what works and try to understand what's going on when
something unusual happens. 

THE GOOGLE TRIAL SHOWS THAT APPLE‚ÄôS SEARCH DEAL IS THE MOST
IMPORTANT CONTRACT IN TECH (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/11/23913287/us-v-google-apple-search-deal?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Practically everyone asked about Apple's search deal with Google said
that they'd give anything to be part of it. 

MICROSOFT TO KILL OFF VBSCRIPT IN WINDOWS TO BLOCK MALWARE DELIVERY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-to-kill-off-vbscript-in-windows-to-block-malware-delivery/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

VBScript will be made an on-demand feature and eventually removed from
Windows. 

QUALCOMM WILL TRY TO HAVE ITS APPLE SILICON MOMENT IN PCS WITH
‚ÄúSNAPDRAGON X‚Äù (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/qualcomm-will-try-to-have-its-apple-silicon-moment-in-pcs-with-snapdragon-x/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Qualcomm will share more about its next-generation Arm processor for
PCs, Snapdragon X, at its annual Snapdragon Summit later this month. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b7c38326-68c8-11ee-a536-77323c90f1cd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697104820&t=1697108146&s=728de70664cc42632243194ee96b21fbc6e1f3088353eab85609ab9ab9b2b016].