# Articles TLDR 15-05-2023

Apple is reportedly testing an unreleased chip believed to be the
base-level M3 Pro inside a future high-end MacBook Pro.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=84cafb9c-f2ef-11ed-9643-5b6a65bdffd8&pt=campaign&t=1684148831&s=1d564441fa94aa2e941e7b38ff2097b8920fbb9c0a0acdf1e60c1cb2db43f3d4]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-15

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE TESTING 'M3 PRO' CHIP FOR MACBOOK PRO WITH 12-CORE CPU AND
18-CORE GPU (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/05/14/m3-pro-chip-potential-specs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is reportedly testing an unreleased chip believed to be the
base-level M3 Pro inside a future high-end MacBook Pro. The chip is
expected to be manufactured based on TSMC's 3nm process. It has a
12-core CPU, 18-core GPU, and 36GB of memory. Apple is currently
working on new iMac, MacBook Air, and low-end MacBook Pro models with
the standard M3 chip. The first Macs with the M3 chip are expected to
be released towards the end of this year or early next year. The
long-rumored 15-inch MacBook Air will be released this summer with the
M2 chip. 

MICROSOFT WANTS FIREFOX TO MAKE BING ITS DEFAULT SEARCH ENGINE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/microsoft-bing-firefox-default/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Firefox's contract with Google is ending and Microsoft would like the
browser to make Bing its default search engine. Apple's default
browser contract with Google is expiring next year, providing
Microsoft with an opportunity to make Bing the default browser on
Safari. Microsoft sees potential in such partnerships for boosting
Bing's usage. These deals may not guarantee increased usage of Bing. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THE GROUNDBREAKING PLAN TO MAP THE ENTIRE HUMAN IMMUNE SYSTEM (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/human-immunome?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Wayne Koff, who spent over 30 years fighting the AIDS crisis, has
launched the Human Immunome Project to create a virtual simulation of
the human immune system using artificial intelligence. Its success
could lead to significant impacts, such as improving cancer therapies
and understanding Long Covid. The project faces a much greater
challenge than the Human Genome Project, with the data involved being
millions of times larger and vastly more complex. Completing it will
require an unprecedented level of collaboration between research
laboratories. 

HAMMERHEAD SHARKS ARE FIRST FISH FOUND TO ‚ÄòHOLD THEIR BREATH‚Äô (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-01569-x?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scalloped hammerhead sharks have developed an innovative technique to
maintain their body temperature during cold, deep-water hunting trips:
they close their gills. Conserving body temperature is challenging for
cold-blooded animals looking to keep their metabolism active while
hunting in water that is just above freezing. The sharks maintain
their core temperature by not opening their gills or mouth during the
dive, essentially holding their breath. Though these sharks are the
first fish found to exhibit this behavior, other kinds of sharks and
fish may have similar adaptations. The ability to hunt in warmer
temperatures when everything else remains cold is a big advantage. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INTRODUCING BASELINE: A UNIFIED VIEW OF STABLE WEB FEATURES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/blog/baseline-unified-view-stable-web-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Mozilla Developer Network (MDN) has launched Baseline labeling to
streamline information for developers. This will enable developers to
quickly identify what they can utilize now and what will soon be
available. Developers can check on MDN whether a feature is 'Baseline'
to decide whether to use it. The MDN aims to build a shared
descriptive understanding of the web platform and reduce the pain
points of browser incompatibilities. 

FIRST-PRINCIPLES ON AI SCALING (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://dynomight.net/scaling/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Scaling laws indicate that Large Language Models (LLMs) will get
substantially better at predicting words with the addition of more
data and computational power. However, while it might be feasible to
increase dataset size, there are potential barriers to making them
more than 10 times larger than their current state, such as cost.
Scaling LLMs to maximum potential would cost substantially more than
the GDP of the planet with current technology. There is likely a
computational limitation. Current scaling laws could be inaccurate due
to the small amount of data and computation used to fit the model. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO FIND MEANINGFUL WORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://justinmares.com/how-to-find-meaningful-work/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=how-to-find-meaningful-work?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Working on something that you care about has many benefits. It allows
for better ideas to emerge and your ability to sell these ideas
improves significantly. When someone is interested in their work, it
blurs the line between work and play, leading to increased
productivity and satisfaction. Finding problems to solve is a more
effective way to stay interested and engaged in a project rather than
pursuing a passion. Doing things that you care about will lead to
greater success and fulfillment. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS SUNDAR PICHAI TALKS SEARCH, AI, AND DANCING WITH MICROSOFT
(33 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/12/23720731/google-io-2023-exclusive-sundar-pichai-search-generative-experience-ai-microsoft-bing-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google and Alphabet, introduced new
generative AI features in all of the company's products during Google
I/O. This article contains a transcript of an interview with Sundar
where he discusses Search, the reorganization of Google and Alphabet's
AI teams, his vision for the future of Google and what is driving its
growth, and more. The audio for the interview is available in the
article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OCULUS FOUNDER SAYS APPLE'S HEADSET IS 'SO GOOD' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/05/14/oculus-founder-says-apples-headset-is-so-good?utm_medium=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Oculus founder Palmer Luckey posted a Tweet on Sunday that said, 'The
Apple headset is so good'. 

MAP OF GITHUB (WEBSITE)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/anvaka/status/1657416666358374401] 

This site provides a map of GitHub that shows different main topics,
subtopics, and projects and how they are all linked together. 

THE NEW .ZIP TLD IS GOING TO CAUSE SOME PROBLEMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2023/05/the-new-zip-tld-is-going-to-cause-some-problems/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Web browsers try to autolink to things that look like domain names -
the .zip top-level domain will cause browsers to be confused about
whether or not a link should be a URL or filename. 

HOW ‚ÄòOPEN‚Äô SHOULD YOUR OPEN SOURCE BE? (17 MINUTES)
[https://github.com/readme/featured/how-open-is-open-source?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article presents a discussion on the state of open source and
gives suggestions on how to improve open source so that projects can
be maintained by multiple parties without taking on lifetime
appointments. 

MICROSOFT JUST ROLLED OUT EARLY BETA ACCESS TO GITHUB COPILOT CHAT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/marvinvonhagen/status/1657060506371346432]


This Twitter Thread contains a copy of Copilot Chat's confidential
rules. 

CHATGPT PLUGINS AND WEB BROWSING BETA ROLLOUT FOR PLUS USERS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.searchenginejournal.com/chatgpt-plugins-web-browsing-beta/486785/#close?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI has announced the beta rollout of web browsing and 70 plugins
for ChatGPT Plus users. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=84cafb9c-f2ef-11ed-9643-5b6a65bdffd8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684144820&t=1684148831&s=c60fc6feaeabad9d8ae9bd8c5758194ef799a94465002240b0c3ca89e1ec584b].


¬†