# Articles TLDR 05-10-2023

NameDrop is a new way for iPhone users to share contact information
with each other.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=87bc84ac-634b-11ee-bf7a-b5e266c8ae24&pt=campaign&t=1696502681&s=803a30ea4b627bba1a2bad3ef89aa513a4b0ae48d4cad3688118c66e55c69bdb]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-10-05

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE PIXEL EVENT 2023 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/04/google-pixel-event-2023-everything-you-need-to-know/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google announced the Pixel 8, Pixel 8 Pro, Pixel Watch 2, and many
other goodies at its Made By Google event yesterday. This article
contains summaries of the most important part of the keynote. The main
draw to this year's Pixel phone upgrades seems to be the camera specs
and the new Tensor G3 processor. Android 14 has started rolling out to
supported Pixel devices and will roll out to other Android devices
later this year. 

EVERYTHING YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT NAMEDROP, APPLE'S NEW WAY TO SHARE
YOUR CONTACT INFO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/everything-you-should-know-about-namedrop-apples-new-way-to-share-your-contact-info/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

NameDrop is a new way for iPhone users to share contact information
with each other. It allows users to simply tap their phones together
to swap information. The feature is available to all users with
supported iPhones on iOS 17. Users will be able to select what
information they share with other people. The feature can be turned
off via a toggle in the settings. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AMAZON PREPARES TO CHALLENGE SPACEX‚ÄôS STARLINK WITH MAIDEN SATELLITE
LAUNCH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/amazon-kuiper-bezos-spacex-starlink-musk-ula-internet-1850899420?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon is gearing up to launch two demo internet satellites on Friday.
The satellites will ride aboard United Launch Alliance's Atlas V
rocket from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida. Amazon aims
to provide Internet service to both individual users and large
corporations. It will safely deorbit the two satellites after the
mission's conclusion. 

CONSTRUCTING THE WORLD‚ÄôS LARGEST OPTICS: THE GIANT MAGELLAN
TELESCOPE‚ÄôS FINAL MIRROR FABRICATION BEGINS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://scitechdaily.com/constructing-the-worlds-largest-optics-the-giant-magellan-telescopes-final-mirror-fabrication-begins/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Giant Magellan Telescope aims to surpass current space telescopes
in sensitivity and resolution, promising unparalleled astronomical
insights by the decade's end. It has begun the four-year process of
fabricating and polishing its seventh and final primary mirror. The
mirror will complete the telescope's 368 square meter light collecting
surface. Pictures showing some of the mirror fabrication processes are
available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

150+ IT LEADERS WEIGH IN ON THE FUTURE OF ITSM (SPONSOR)
[https://appfire.com/future-of-itsm-industry-report]

The demands placed on IT service management are constantly changing.
In a research report from Appfire and Cprime, 150+ IT leaders and
enterprise ITSM experts were asked about the most pressing topics in
modern ITSM ‚Äî process automation, SLA management, cloud migration,
and the distributed workforce. Read the report.
[https://appfire.com/future-of-itsm-industry-report] 

üåò CSS SCOPE INLINE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gnat/css-scope-inline/tree/main?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

CSS Scope Inline monitors the DOM and scopes styles to whatever the
parent element is the moment a new style tag is seen. It doesn't touch
existing styles, allowing users to mix and match at their leisure. CSS
Scope Inline pairs well with HTMX and Surreal. It provides an easy
inline vanilla CSS experience without Tailwind CSS. 

TLDR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tendersearls/tldr?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

TLDR is a full-featured, mostly Minitest-compatible Ruby test
framework that stops running tests after 1.8 seconds. It shuffles and
runs in parallel, allowing developers to catch any problems much
earlier than usual. TLDR provides several escape hatches to sequester
tests that aren't thread-safe. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE GAVE THE PIXEL 8 CAMERAS A MAJOR UPGRADE. HERE'S HOW THEY DID
IT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/google-gave-its-pixel-8-cameras-a-major-upgrade-heres-how-they-did-it/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Google Pixel 8 Pro has an ultrawide angle camera, a main
wide-angle camera, and a telephoto camera. A new Video Boost feature
improves videos taken in dim and dark conditions. Implementing the
feature required a new image sensor technology in the main camera. The
Tensor G3 GPU is responsible for preprocessing video for Video Boost.
Video Boost relies on compute from Google's data centers to reduce
noise, stabilize video, and sharpen low-light images. 

OPENAI LAUNCHES RESIDENCY PROGRAM WITH $210,000 ANNUAL SALARY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://analyticsindiamag.com/openai-launches-residency-program-with-210000-annual-salary/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI's Residency is an initiative to empower exceptional researchers
and engineers from diverse fields to transition into the world of AI
and machine learning. It is especially beneficial for researchers
specializing in fields outside of deep learning and welcomes software
engineers seeking to pivot into AI research roles. Residents will
tackle real AI challenges while receiving a full salary. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SPACEX IS ALREADY USING TESLA CYBERTRUCK AT STARBASE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/10/04/spacex-already-using-tesla-cybertruck-starbase/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tesla's Cybertruck was spotted towing a rocket engine at StarBase. 

SOLVE THE PROBLEM, NOT A DIFFERENT MORE DIFFICULT PROBLEM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/solve-the-problem-not-a-different-more-difficult-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sometimes it's best to solve today's problem and move on. 

AN INTERACTIVE INTRO TO CRDTS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakelazaroff.com/words/an-interactive-intro-to-crdts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Conflict-free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs) are a kind of data
structure that is great for building rich collaborative apps without
requiring a central server to sync changes. 

ARCHAX IS A $2.7 MILLION PILOTABLE ROBOT FOR THE ULTRA-WEALTHY (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/you-can-pilot-your-own-15-foot-tall-mecha-robot-for-2-7-million/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tsubame Industries, a Tokyo-based startup, has made its Archax
pilotable robot units available for preorder for around $2.7 million -
a video of the robot is available in the article. 

‚ÄòFOREVER CHEMICALS‚Äô ARE ETERNAL NO MORE THANKS TO A POLLUTION
DESTROYING DEVICE FROM TACOMA STARTUP (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.geekwire.com/2023/this-startup-has-a-weapon-of-pfas-destruction-that-fits-inside-a-10-foot-shipping-container/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A startup called Aquagga has successfully deployed a PFAS destruction
unit housed inside a modest 10-feet-long by 8-feet-wide shipping
container - PFAS chemicals are great at deflecting water, stains, and
grease, but the long-lived chemicals have contaminated drinking water
everywhere. 

THE HYPER-PERSONALIZATION OF EVERYTHING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/the-hyper-personalization-of-everything?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A combination of individualistic culture and being chronically online
has caused some people to come to expect every experience to be
hyper-personalized. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=87bc84ac-634b-11ee-bf7a-b5e266c8ae24&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696500020&t=1696502681&s=aef9060090a83e2492b3b999044d4df127b521c52b00ddf0c9353a605f3eac6c].