# Articles TLDR 06-07-2023

Metas Twitter competitor Threads is now available.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3a4f66b2-1bd4-11ee-9566-d919d9a273fa&pt=campaign&t=1688640412&s=8ace423bf42416e9a03f60bab5057e15a742ed2fb330009bb62ea1ef1d99176a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [MailerLite]
[https://www.mailerlite.com/a/muevlhljca0u]

TLDR 2023-07-06

MAILERLITE - EMAIL MARKETING YOUR AUDIENCE WILL LOVE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.mailerlite.com/a/muevlhljca0u]

MailerLite [https://www.mailerlite.com/a/muevlhljca0u] is simple email
marketing that just works! Our platform includes easy ways to
‚úÖ Send newsletters and email marketing

‚úÖ Grow your audience

‚úÖ Build your website, landing page or blog

‚úÖ Sell products and subscriptions

Learn why over a million creators and businesses use MailerLite
[https://www.mailerlite.com/a/muevlhljca0u] to connect with their
audience!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS TWITTER COMPETITOR, THREADS, IS AVAILABLE NOW (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/5/23784263/instagram-threads-app-download-iphone-android?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta's Twitter competitor Threads is now available. It can be accessed
on iOS, Android, and the web. Threads allows users to create
text-based posts with up to 500 characters, share photos, and upload
videos up to five minutes long. It looks similar to Twitter, with an
interface that gives users the option to like, comment, repost, and
share threads. Users can choose to log in with their Instagram
usernames or create a new account. Threads does not currently support
ActivityPub, but there are plans to integrate the protocol later down
the line. The app is not available in the EU due to the EU's strict
privacy regulations. 

CHATGPT DROPS ABOUT 10% IN TRAFFIC AS THE NOVELTY WEARS OFF (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.similarweb.com/blog/insights/ai-news/chatgpt-traffic-drops/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ChatGPT's traffic declined for the first time from May to June.
Worldwide unique visitors to the site dropped by 5.7%, with the amount
of time spent on the site down 8.5%. ChatGPT¬†still attracts more
visitors than Bing.com. Charts showing ChatGPT's growth and recent
decline are available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

OPENAI IS FORMING A NEW TEAM TO BRING ‚ÄòSUPERINTELLIGENT‚Äô AI UNDER
CONTROL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/05/openai-is-forming-a-new-team-to-bring-superintelligent-ai-under-control/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is forming a team to develop ways to steer and control
superintelligent AI systems. AI with intelligence exceeding that of
humans could arrive within the coming decade. There is no current
solution for controlling a potentially superintelligent AI and
preventing it from causing harm. The team aims to develop a solution
by creating a human-level automated alignment researcher that will
find ways to ensure AI systems achieve desired outcomes. 

HEAT PUMPS - THE WELL-TEMPERED FUTURE OF A/CS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/heat-pump-air-conditioning-alternative?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Air-conditioners keep people comfortable and alive. Extreme heat waves
are killing more and more people every year. The demand for more
air-conditioners is exacerbating climate change due to increased
demand for electricity and the leakage of refrigerants. Both winners
of the 2021 Global Cooling Prize were heat pumps that reduce cooling's
climate impact by up to 80 percent. Heat pumps address the problems of
emissions while providing a source of emissions-free power. They're
also comparatively cheaper to install than central air-conditioners. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SECURE YOUR FIRST-PARTY CODE: TOP 10 CODE VULNS REPORT (SPONSOR)
[https://go.snyk.io/snyk-top-10-code-vulnerabilities.html?utm_campaign=snyk-top-10-code-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=snyk-top-10-code-vulnerabilities]

While the OWASP Top 10 provides valuable insights into open source
security, it‚Äôs equally critical to manage risks within your
first-party code.
Check out Snyk‚Äôs Top 10 Code Vulnerabilities report
[https://go.snyk.io/snyk-top-10-code-vulnerabilities.html?utm_campaign=snyk-top-10-code-2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=snyk-top-10-code-vulnerabilities]
based on the code vulnerabilities encountered in 2022. This is a
comprehensive guide to fortifying your apps against the most prevalent
code vulnerabilities.

INTRODUCING THE VERCEL PLATFORMS STARTER KIT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/platforms-starter-kit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Vercel Platforms Starter Kit is a full-stack Next.js template for
building multi-tenant applications with custom domains. It features
programmatically assigned unlimited custom domains, subdomains, and
SSL certificates, fast performance, an AI editor, image uploads,
custom styles, and more. The kit creates apps that can serve multiple
customers across different subdomains/custom domains with a single
unified code base. 

LINESELECT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chfritz/lineselect?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

LineSelect is a shell utility that allows users to interactively
select lines from stdin and output them to stdout. It effectively
pauses the pipeline for the selection. LineSelect makes it easier to
select files with ls, manage docker containers, grep log files, and
more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY INSTAGRAM IS TAKING ON TWITTER WITH THREADS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/5/23784870/instagram-threads-adam-mosseri-interview-twitter-competitor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Twitter's recent volatility provided Meta with an opening to compete.
Meta had been planning to release Threads for a while, but the recent
backlash over Twitter's limit on how many tweets people can see per
day prompted the company to push it out this week. Meta expects tens
of millions of people to try the service within the next few days.
Threads is now available in 100 countries, but not in the EU due to
complexities complying with some of the laws coming into effect next
year. 

AI WEIGHTS ARE NOT OPEN "SOURCE" (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://opencoreventures.com/blog/2023-06-27-ai-weights-are-not-open-source/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI licensing isn't as simple as applying proprietary/open-source
software licenses. It has many layers with multiple components and
additional licensing considerations. This article presents a set of AI
licensing categories to standardize discussions on AI licensing. It
names different categories of license types based on the function they
serve and which AI component they serve. Using the right terms will
help the industry move forward in developing standards around each of
the categories. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT‚ÄôS THE HOTTEST TECH TREND THIS YEAR? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.developereconomics.net/?member_id=tldr&utm_medium=nlad_2]

Has AI changed software development? Chime in to shape the future of
dev tools, win prizes, and uncover cutting edge advancements shaping
software today. Take the Developer Nation Survey
[https://developereconomics.net/?member_id=tldr&utm_medium=nlad_2] 

FIREFOX 115 CAN SILENTLY REMOTELY DISABLE MY EXTENSION ON ANY SITE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/2023/7/1.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Firefox 115 introduced a new 'feature' that only allows some
extensions monitored by Mozilla to run on specific websites. 

MY TAKE ON THE CURRENT REACT & SERVER COMPONENTS CONTROVERSY (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://phryneas.de/react-server-components-controversy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some people are frustrated with React Server Components, others are
frustrated with the way the React team communicates, and the React
team is frustrated with the pile-on they are facing. 

THE MANY WAYS THAT DIGITAL MINDS CAN KNOW (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://moultano.wordpress.com/2023/06/28/the-many-ways-that-digital-minds-can-know/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Large language models do both of the things that their promoters and
detractors say they do, at the same time, on the same prompts, and
while it is difficult to tell which they're doing, both of them are
useful. 

THE ENGLISH SDK FOR APACHE SPARK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/databrickslabs/pyspark-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This tool takes English instructions and compiles them into PySpark
objects like DataFrames. 

LESSONS FROM KEITH RABOIS (WEBSITE)
[https://mogolshan.notion.site/Lessons-from-Keith-Rabois-2b867858346448998d23f51beee3470a?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This page contains a collection of interviews, podcasts, posts, books,
and other resources from Keith Rabois, a general partner at Founders
Fund. 

3 ENDINGS MORE POETIC THAN AI WIPING US OUT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thealgorithmicbridge.substack.com/p/3-endings-more-poetic-than-ai-wiping?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article presents three alternative AI-generated endings for
humanity in an attempt to mimic a physicist's agnostic approach to
predicting how the universe will end. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3a4f66b2-1bd4-11ee-9566-d919d9a273fa&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688637680&t=1688640412&s=b87716e71f901826055b14d947b5d4193451f32adc94348ff48491acb77c7e3e].