# Articles TLDR 10-05-2023

Amazon is developing new features for its Astro home robot.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ed269478-ef0a-11ed-8d5a-fdce03099f15&pt=campaign&t=1683716935&s=35bfb3b87e019920a6fb16d361ec1b23cbcc5b68d6ed35d4af41bdc8e287fa37]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-05-10

PUT SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE ON AUTOPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


Build trust with your customers and scale securely with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].
It‚Äôs the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and
HIPAA
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
compliance:

‚úÖ 75+ integrations for a single picture of compliance (cloud, SaaS)

‚úÖ 24/7 compliance monitoring and automated evidence collection
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

‚úÖ 20+ auditor-approved security policies
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

‚úÖ Open API to scale your security

Thousands of companies trust Drata‚Äôs technology-first solution to
compliance, and it‚Äôs rated 4.9 by 402 reviewers on G2.

Get started with Drata now ‚Äî special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

CODENAME BURNHAM: AMAZON HAS A SECRET NEW HOME ROBOT WITH CHATGPT-LIKE
FEATURES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/AJQzE#selection-1797.6-1800.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon is developing new features for its Astro home robot. Project
Burnham adds conversational abilities and intelligence to Astro and
enables the robot to remember what it saw and understood. Astro will
be able to engage in Q&A dialogues, follow up on previous
interactions, and take appropriate actions. It will understand
everyday activities in a home setting by leveraging common-sense
knowledge derived from language model training. Burnham may be
incorporated into future robots beyond Astro. 

OPENAI‚ÄôS NEW TOOL ATTEMPTS TO EXPLAIN LANGUAGE MODELS‚Äô BEHAVIORS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/09/openais-new-tool-attempts-to-explain-language-models-behaviors/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI is developing an open-source tool to identify how an LLM's
behaviors relate to different parts of its code. This is part of a
wider effort to anticipate and mitigate problems with AI systems.
While the tool could potentially improve an LLM's performance, it is
still in its early stages and has a way to go before being truly
useful. The code for the tool is available on GitHub. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HUMANE‚ÄôS NEW WEARABLE AI DEMO IS WILD TO WATCH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/9/23716996/humane-wearable-ai-tech-demo-ted-video?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Humane has developed an AI-powered wearable technology designed to
replace the traditional smartphone. The device, a small black puck
with a camera, projector, and speaker, can answer phone calls,
translate languages, provide advice, and more. The wearable gadget
operates independently without needing pairing with another device
such as a smartphone. A video showing Humane's co-founder
demonstrating the device is available in the article. 

‚ÄúSLEEP LANGUAGE‚Äù COULD ENABLE COMMUNICATION DURING LUCID DREAMS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/05/sleep-language-could-enable-communication-during-lucid-dreams/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


People can now communicate while lucid dreaming. Lucid dreaming is
when the dreamer can manipulate what happens in their dream. Sleep
expert Michael Raduga of Phase Research Center has developed Remmyo, a
language for communicating while lucid dreaming. Remmyo consists of
six sets of facial movements which are detected by electromyography
sensors on the face. These signals are transferred to software that
can type, vocalize, and translate Remmyo. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PYTHON'S MISSING BATTERIES: ESSENTIAL LIBRARIES YOU'RE MISSING OUT ON
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinheinz.dev/blog/96?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Python has an extensive standard library with many modules and
functions included. However, there are also important third-party
libraries that should be used in all Python projects. This article
lists essential Python libraries that should be used in all Python
projects. It covers libraries for general use, data validation,
debugging, testing, and more. 

LLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/rustformers/llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

llm is a Rust ecosystem made of libraries that help in performing
inference on large language models. It is based on llama.cpp. llm
includes a wrapper around llm-base and supported models and a CLI
application that offers a user-friendly interface for running
inference on the supported models. Inference can currently only be
done on CPU, but the ecosystem aims to also include GPU inference in
the future. llm supports GPT-2, GPT-J, LLaMA, GPT-NeoX, StableLM,
Dolly v2, and BLOOMZ. 

ESCAPE CROSS-SITE SCRIPTING WITH SNYK CODE (SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/blog/preventing-xss-snyk-code?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=preventing-xss-snyk-code]


Developers must know the potential security risks associated with
Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks when creating HTML pages. Learn
more about the different types of cross-site scripting and how Snyk
Code can keep your Java applications safe in Snyk's recent article
[https://snyk.io/blog/preventing-xss-snyk-code?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=preventing-xss-snyk-code].


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WENDY‚ÄôS TESTS AN AI CHATBOT THAT TAKES YOUR DRIVE-THRU ORDER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/9/23716825/wendys-ai-drive-thru-google-llm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Wendy‚Äôs will open a new AI-powered drive-thru in Columbus, Ohio, in
June. Wendy‚Äôs FreshAI will be powered by Google‚Äôs AI chatbot
service. The chatbot will use voice recognition to take orders from
customers. A human employee will monitor the service to ensure that it
is working correctly. Customers will have the option to speak with a
human if needed. Wendy's is not planning to replace existing workers
with the technology. 

THE BRIEF AGE OF THE WORKER IS OVER ‚Äì EMPLOYERS HAVE THE UPPER HAND
AGAIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/business/2023/may/07/employees-employers-upper-hand-small-business?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Companies are reverting to traditional cost-cutting measures to
maintain profits and satisfy shareholders. A number of employers have
either frozen their hiring plans or cut employees. Remaining
employees' benefits have been slashed, and worker reviews have become
harsher, reflecting a less friendly workplace environment. The era of
lavish employee benefits granted during the Age of the Worker appears
to be ending. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STOP MANUALLY FIXING CUSTOMER DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112]


OneSchema is a ready-made CSV importer for developers ‚Äî which
automatically corrects customer data. (Also: edge case handling,
simple UI, bulk editing). See how OneSchema works
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112]


‚ÄòI CAN‚ÄôT MAKE PRODUCTS JUST FOR 41-YEAR-OLD TECH FOUNDERS‚Äô:
AIRBNB CEO BRIAN CHESKY IS TAKING IT BACK TO BASICS (1 HOUR READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/9/23716903/airbnb-ceo-brian-chesky-rooms-ai-travel-future-of-work-summer-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains a transcript of an interview with Brian Chesky,
CEO of Airbnb, where he discusses Airbnb's hybrid work policy, Rooms,
Airbnb's partnership with Jony Ive, and more. 

IS SEQUENTIAL IO DEAD IN THE ERA OF THE NVME DRIVE? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://jack-vanlightly.com/blog/2023/5/9/is-sequential-io-dead-in-the-era-of-the-nvme-drive?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The benefits of sequential IO are still alive and well even in the era
of NAND flash. 

AI GAINS ‚ÄúVALUES‚Äù WITH ANTHROPIC‚ÄôS NEW CONSTITUTIONAL AI CHATBOT
APPROACH (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/05/ai-with-a-moral-compass-anthropic-outlines-constitutional-ai-in-its-claude-chatbot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Anthropic's Constitutional AI seeks to guide the outputs of AI
language models in a subjectively safer and more helpful direction by
training it with an initial list of principles. 

STORY: REDIS AND ITS CREATOR ANTIREZ (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.brachiosoft.com/redis-en?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Salvatore Sanfilippo was an amateur in the database field when he
created Redis. 

OPENLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/r2d4/openlm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OpenLM is a drop-in OpenAI-compatible library that can call LLMs from
other providers. 

META'S OPEN-SOURCE IMAGEBIND AI AIMS TO MIMIC HUMAN PERCEPTION (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/metas-open-source-imagebind-ai-aims-to-mimic-human-perception-181500560.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ImageBind can predict connections between data similar to how humans
perceive or imagine an environment. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ed269478-ef0a-11ed-8d5a-fdce03099f15&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683712823&t=1683716935&s=a18baa2cee41efa9dbff7e605769323f5bd866667e62d8cf915361797759efd5].


¬†