# Articles TLDR 17-10-2023

YouTube appears to be constantly changing its ad-blocking detection
scripts¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=43cc38c0-6cc7-11ee-8268-5bbdf9eb8d01&pt=campaign&t=1697539384&s=a73b12ae9bb8bba57b0136d2625af5efed04593f502d445dcb8c6a2f4de0b14b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-10-17

 DRATA‚ÄôS COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION HAS TAKEN THE WORLD BY STORM.
WHAT‚ÄôS THE SECRET SAUCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


 Drata now has +500K users for its top-rated GRC software
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].
Why are companies like Notion and Vercel choosing Drata?
1Ô∏è‚É£ A rich integration ecosystem
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
(85+ integrations) means customers can automatically collect
compliance evidence across their cloud and SaaS stack.

2Ô∏è‚É£ Open API
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
makes it easy to bring in evidence stored in seperate tools (most
other tools focus on screenshots).

3Ô∏è‚É£ Drata's all-in-one
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
approach combines integrated trust monitoring, expert support, auditor
flows, and more.

4Ô∏è‚É£¬†Ambitious scope ‚Äî Drata supports 17 frameworks
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
(SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR‚Ä¶) with 500+ pre-built controls
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none],
along with custom frameworks and policies.

Find out more and claim a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 YOUTUBE IS CRACKING DOWN ON ADBLOCK USERS: PAY OR DISABLE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cybernews.com/tech/youtube-crackdown-on-adblock-users/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 YouTube appears to be constantly changing its ad-blocking detection
scripts. The ad-blocking community has been working on ways to defeat
YouTube's anti-adblock feature, which alerts users with pop-ups and
interrupts the viewing experience. Many people use ad blocking to
restrict exposure to trackers, spyware, and other privacy-intruding
scripts. This article shares several ways for users to bypass
YouTube's anti-ad blocking efforts. 

 NETFLIX TESTS STREAMING GAMES TO US TVS TO TAKE ON PLAYSTATION AND
XBOX (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/16/23919517/netflix-game-streaming-beta-tvs-us?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Netflix is launching a limited beta test of its games streaming
service in the US. The feature will allow users to play games streamed
from the cloud on a TV or PC. Users will need to download a special
controller app to play games on the TV - games will work with a mouse
and keyboard when accessed through a browser. Netflix is planning to
release games based on its own franchises, like Squid Game, and it is
also in discussions about licensing a game from the Grand Theft Auto
series. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 BLUE ORIGIN‚ÄôS NEW SPACECRAFT CAN BUILD PROJECTS IN SPACE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/blue-origins-new-spacecraft-can-build-projects-in-space?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Blue Origin‚Äôs Blue Ring is a space platform that will be able to
provide delivery and logistics support for other space projects. It
will be able to host, transport, and refuel other spacecraft, relay
data, and offer in-space cloud computing capabilities. The platform
will be able to travel with payloads of over 6,600 pounds. Blue Origin
aims to launch the spacecraft in 2025. 

 BIOMEDICAL NEWS SUPERFICIAL BRAIN IMPLANT COULD HAVE A DEEP IMPACT (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/neurostimulation?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A new wireless device can provide minimally invasive neurostimulation
that patients can operate in their own homes. The device is implanted
inside the skull but above the dura mater, a protective membrane that
surrounds the brain. It takes less than 30 minutes to implant, after
which patients can do at-home treatments using a headset that
transmits power and instructions to the implant. The device has yet to
be tested in an FDA-approved clinical trial. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 FETCH THE FLAG CTF HOSTED BY SNYK AND JOHN HAMMOND | OCTOBER 27-28
(SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/events/ctf/?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=ctf]


 Test your security skills in Fetch the Flag CTF! Compete solo or with
a team of up to 5 players to solve 30 hacking challenges and compete
for a chance to win a Nintendo Switch. Open to all skill levels. Sign
up to join Snyk on Oct 27 at 9am ET.
[https://snyk.io/events/ctf/?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=ctf]


 MEMGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cpacker/MemGPT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 MemGPT allows developers to create perpetual chatbots with
self-editing memory. It intelligently manages different memory tiers
in LLMs to effectively provide extended context. MemGPT knows when to
purchase critical information to a vector database and when to
retrieve it later in the chat, enabling perpetual conversations.
Examples are available in the repository. 

 INSANELY FAST WHISPER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Vaibhavs10/insanely-fast-whisper?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Insanely Fast Whisper can transcribe 300 minutes of audio in less
than 10 minutes using OpenAI's Whisper Large v2. It is blazing fast
and simple to use. Benchmark results are available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE TECHNO-OPTIMIST MANIFESTO (32 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/the-techno-optimist-manifesto/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 We are told that technology is a threat to our livelihoods, but the
truth is that our civilization is built on technology. Technology will
help humans advance to a far superior way of living and being. Natural
resource utilization has sharp limits, so the only perpetual source of
growth is technology. Technological change increases the need for
human work by broadening the scope of what humans can productively do.


 META‚ÄôS UNIQUE APPROACH TO DEVELOPING AI PUZZLES WALL STREET, BUT
TECHIES LOVE IT (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/16/metas-open-source-approach-to-ai-puzzles-wall-street-techies-love-it.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Meta is focusing on artificial intelligence while still maintaining
its hefty investment in metaverse technologies. The company makes
money from cloud-computing companies that offer access to Llama 2, but
Meta doesn‚Äôt expect it to generate a large amount of revenue in the
near term. Llama 2‚Äôs open source nature may attract more developers
to build upon it. Mainstream adoption of the model could influence
Nvidia to ensure its GPUs work well with Meta‚Äôs software and lower
the company‚Äôs AI training and computing costs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 MICROSOFT-OWNED LINKEDIN LAYS OFF NEARLY 700 EMPLOYEES (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/16/microsoft-owned-linkedin-lays-off-nearly-700-read-the-memo-here.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The layoffs will mostly affect LinkedIn's core engineering group. 

 AFTER CHATGPT DISRUPTION, STACK OVERFLOW LAYS OFF 28 PERCENT OF STAFF
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/after-chatgpt-disruption-stack-overflow-lays-off-28-percent-of-staff/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Stack Overflow's CEO says that the company is on a path to
profitability and continued product innovation. 

 CHINA DISCOVERS NEVER-BEFORE-SEEN ORE CONTAINING A HIGHLY VALUABLE
RARE EARTH ELEMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.space.com/china-niobobaotite-discovery-rare-earth-element?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Niobobaotite is made of niobium, barium, titanium, iron, and chloride
- China currently imports 95% of its niobium. 

 ESTIMATES ARE ABOUT TIME, SO LET'S CUT TO THE CHASE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/estimate-in-time/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 It's much clearer and easier to handle estimates when using time
rather than abstract points. 

 AT&T MOVES TO DISRUPT TEST OF SPACEX'S STARLINK CELLULAR SERVICE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/att-moves-to-disrupt-test-of-spacexs-starlink-cellular-service?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 AT&T and the Rural Wireless Association say that SpaceX needs to
supply more details about its technology to prove that it won't cause
interference with other carriers. 

 WHY IS THE FRONTEND STACK SO COMPLICATED? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/why-is-the-frontend-stack-so-complicated?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 There's no universal import system and there are too many layers of
minification, uglification, and transpilation, wildly different
environments, an overemphasis on file structure, too many tools, and
too many steps between code and deployment. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=43cc38c0-6cc7-11ee-8268-5bbdf9eb8d01&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697536819&t=1697539384&s=eda8ef07585b14502310258d1c8eaadd19d23e57b150656b50ca89bf23448a1a].