# Articles TLDR 26-01-2023

ChatGPT may have pushed artificial intelligence into the mainstream.¬†


Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=dcf54e06-9d56-11ed-945a-53ba9a1a0182&pt=campaign&t=1674734713&s=45cdb8b53c37cd1b9a5fe58b64def25b8cc16cfeb5712690167f6f873684089a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-26

FRESH OFF A $200 MILLION SERIES C, DRATA IS READY TO AUTOMATE SECURITY
AND COMPLIANCE (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Drata is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach
to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks ‚Äî potentially saving hundreds
of audit-preping hours.
Thousands of customers trust Drata,
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
including companies such as BambooHR, Notion, and Postman. 354
reviewers on G2 have rated its solution 4.9 on average. And last
December, the company raised a $200M Series C at a $2BN valuation.

Want to find out what all the fuss is about? Now‚Äôs your chance. TLDR
readers and community members get 10% off and waived implementation
fees. Claim your exclusive offer now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE BEEFS UP SMARTPHONE SERVICES IN ‚ÄúSILENT WAR‚Äù AGAINST GOOGLE
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/01/apple-beefs-up-smartphone-services-in-silent-war-against-google/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is taking steps to separate its mobile operating system from
services offered by Google by making advances in areas like maps,
search, and advertising. The company is increasingly positioning
itself as a privacy-focused alternative to Google. Apple is becoming
more motivated to enter the search business as it expands its
advertising division. Alphabet currently pays Apple between $8 billion
to $12 billion a year for Google to be the default search engine on
iOS. 

THE INSIDE STORY OF CHATGPT (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/rRvx1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

ChatGPT may have pushed artificial intelligence into the mainstream.
Its ability to hold long dialogues, answer questions, and compose
almost any kind of written material attracted more than a million
users within five days of its release. This article talks about
ChatGPT's impact on society, OpenAI, Microsoft, the history of
ChatGPT, and how it was built. It covers OpenAI's successes, failures,
projects, criticisms, and controversies. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

ROCKET LAB‚ÄôS FIRST US LAUNCH: BIG FOR THE COMPANY AND THE SITE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/01/rocket-labs-first-us-launch-big-for-the-company-and-the-site/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rocket Labs' Electron rocket took off into orbit from its launch site
in Virginia on Tuesday. The Electron rocket is relatively small and is
capable of putting only a few hundred kilograms into orbit. Its launch
experience is different from other conventional rockets due to its
size. Rocket Labs is currently developing a larger rocket called
Neutron that will have a fully reusable first stage. 

WORLD'S FIRST HYDROGEN-POWERED TRAIN BUILT IN CHINA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/china-first-hydrogen-powered-train?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The world's first urban train powered by hydrogen has been produced in
China. The hydrogen-powered train can reach speeds of up to 99 mph. It
uses the same core technology as the Fuxing bullet train and has a
373-mile battery life. The train does not produce harmful pollutants
or greenhouse gasses associated with fossil fuels. China aims to
produce between 100,000 and 200,000 metric tons of hydrogen from
renewable energy each year by 2025. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PACKAGING RUST APPLICATIONS FOR THE NPM REGISTRY (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.orhun.dev/packaging-rust-for-npm/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses how the git-cliff changelog generator was
written. It goes into technical depth about distributing binaries. The
project is written in Rust and then packaged for NPM. NPM can package
and run anything as long as the tools for packaging and executing a
binary are available. 

TRANSFORMER REINFORCEMENT LEARNING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lvwerra/trl?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Transformer Reinforcement Learning is a library that allows for the
training of transformer language models using Proximal Policy
Optimization. It is built on top of the transformers library by
Hugging Face and pre-trained language models can be easily loaded.
Most decoder and encoder-decoder architectures are supported. 

NEED INTEGRATIONS BUT DON‚ÄôT HAVE THE TIME OR RESOURCES TO BUILD
THEM? (SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q1%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=developer%201%2F26]


Merge‚Äôs Unified API spans multiple categories including HR and
payroll, ATS, accounting, CRM, and help desk and project management.
Save countless hours and resources by integrating just once with a
single API. Integrate once and have 150+ integrations at your
fingertips. Simply link, sync, and unblock your product roadmap.
Sign up today and integrate up to 5 customers for free
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q1%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=developer%201%2F26]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

I OUTSOURCED MY MEMORY TO AI FOR 3 WEEKS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/i-outsourced-my-memory-remember-what-you-read-using-ai-2023-1?utm_source=Sailthru&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Insider%20Today%2C%2024%20Jan.%202023&utm_term=INSIDER%20TODAY%20SEND%20LIST?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Humans have poor memories and the internet makes this problem worse.
Studies have shown that reading offline results in better
comprehension, concentration, and recall than reading online. Heyday
is an AI-memory assistant that aims to fix this by requiring little
effort from the user and helping them remember things better. This
article examines the effectiveness of Heyday as a memory assistant. 

SALESFORCE IS NOW FACING THE VERY REAL THREAT OF ACTIVIST SHAREHOLDERS
OVERTHROWING ITS BOARD AND FORCING THE SALE OF MEGA-ACQUISITIONS LIKE
SLACK AND TABLEAU (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/salesforce-activist-shareholders-elliott-changes-board-seats-slack-2023-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Salesforce is facing pressure from activist firm Elliott Management.
The move has Salesforce employees worried about potential additional
layoffs beyond those already announced. Elliott's involvement could
result in the ousting of Salesforce's board of directors, divestment
of acquisitions like Slack, MuleSoft, and Tableau, and an end to
remote-work policies. Salesforce board members have to be reelected
every year, a fact that may be exploited by investors at the next
shareholder's meeting. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CREATE AUDIO TRANSCRIPTS YOU CAN ACTUALLY READ WITH DEEPGRAM'S
SPEECH-TO-TEXT API (SPONSOR) [https://dpgr.am/429b24a] 

Say goodbye to inaccurate, unusable transcripts. Deepgram delivers
highly accurate transcription with formatting features you need for
better readability like punctuation, profanity filtering, and
redaction. Try it free. [https://dpgr.am/429b24a] 

SCIENTISTS MADE A LIQUID METAL ROBOT THAT CAN ESCAPE A CAGE LIKE A
TERMINATOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/epzex7/scientists-made-a-liquid-metal-robot-that-can-escape-a-cage-like-a-t1000-terminator?utm_source=reddit.com?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists have created robots, controlled by magnetic fields, that
can shapeshift between solid and liquid states 

REPLACING A SQL ANALYST WITH 26 RECURSIVE GPT PROMPTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.patterns.app/blog/2023/01/18/crunchbot-sql-analyst-gpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


How to replace on-call analytics with GPT-3. 

AMAZON BEGS EMPLOYEES NOT TO LEAK CORPORATE SECRETS TO CHATGPT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/amazon-begs-employees-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon is taking measures to prevent its employees from leaking
company secrets to ChatGPT after discovering snippets of text
generated by the tool that closely resembles internal company data. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS FLUTTER SHOWCASES NEW GRAPHICS CAPABILITIES, WEBASSEMBLY
AND RISC-V SUPPORT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/25/googles-flutter-showcases-new-graphics-capabilities-webassembly-and-risc-v-support/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's Flutter is hosting an event called Flutter Forward in
Nairobi, Kenya to showcase new and upcoming features of the framework.


ANDROID 14 SET TO BLOCK CERTAIN OUTDATED APPS FROM BEING INSTALLED (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/01/23/android-14-block-install-outdated-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Android 14 will start blocking apps that target outdated versions of
Android from being installed to reduce the potential for malware. 

SQLITE-BASED DATABASES ON THE POSTGRES PROTOCOL? YES WE CAN! (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.chiselstrike.com/sqlite-based-databases-on-the-postgres-protocol-yes-we-can-358e61171d65?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


libSQL's 'server mode' enables access to SQLite-based databases using
Postgres and HTTP network protocols. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

EMERGICON LLC - JUNIOR PYTHON DEVELOPER (DALLAS, TEXAS, $60000 -
$80000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/junior-python-developer/215] 

EMERGICON‚Äôs proven EMS ambulance billing process relies on real
people, real Texans, with real experience, not just automated
solutions, to manage claims and maximize collections. 

BONDY GROUP - FULLSTACK (BACKEND ORIENTED) (FULLY REMOTE, $120000 -
$156000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/fullstack-(backend-oriented)/212] 

Bondy Group is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Fullstack (Backend
oriented) developer to work on providing the best developer experience
for people building on top of ZetaChain. 

ECOM - SENIOR CLOUD ENGINEER (LANCASHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-cloud-engineer/206] 

ECOM is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Senior Cloud Engineer to
design, build, and operate cloud-based infrastructure. The client is
an established organization that works with big data 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=dcf54e06-9d56-11ed-945a-53ba9a1a0182&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674730840&t=1674734713&s=0618e7415017b0c0b777225ae7f5452d932dda67cea3b6ed1fdc883d2be52762].


¬†