# Articles TLDR 24-02-2023

Images of the upcoming iPhone 15 were recently leaked.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8305069c-b413-11ed-9ef0-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&t=1677240665&s=ab1b1f21530c56be626117e009110556f925ad64ee8cb539cd8b7a8763d0f3ec]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-24

PUT SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE ON AUTOPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Build trust with your customers and scale securely with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA
compliance:

	*
Integrations with all SaaS services for a single picture of compliance

	*
Automated evidence collection
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
and 24/7 compliance monitoring

	*
Actionable insights, reports, and alerts

	*
20+ auditor-approved security policies

Thousands of companies trust Drata‚Äôs technology-first solution
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
to compliance - including Notion, Lemonade, and BambooHR.

Get started with Drata now ‚Äî special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IPHONE 15 DESIGN SHOWN OFF IN LEAKED IMAGES SHARED BY UNKNOWNZ21 (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/02/22/iphone-15-images/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Images of the upcoming iPhone 15 were recently leaked. The images show
a USB-C port at the bottom, replacing the Lightning port that has been
used since 2012 due to new EU charging port laws. The front of the
entry-level iPhone 15 looks largely similar to the iPhone 14. The
leaked images are available in the article. 

MICROSOFT HAS BEEN SECRETLY TESTING ITS BING CHATBOT ‚ÄòSYDNEY‚Äô FOR
YEARS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/23/23609942/microsoft-bing-sydney-chatbot-history-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft began testing its Sydney chatbot in Bing in early 2021. The
user experience was similar to the one launched this month, with a
blue Cortana-like orb appearing in the chatbot interface. Microsoft
started creating bots in 2017 as part of a broader effort to move Bing
search engine to a more conversational model. Sydney's development is
the culmination of many years of work by the Bing team and Microsoft
plans to release more information about its history in future blog
posts. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS GROWING SKIN THAT CAN BE SLIPPED ON LIKE A GLOVE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/scientists-growing-skin-glove?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from Columbia University Medical Center have implanted
lab-grown skin onto irregularly-shaped mice limbs. This was made
possible through a technique that can grow skin in a cylinder,
allowing it to be adapted to any shape. The team is now working on
creating enough skin to cover an adult male hand. The ultimate goal is
to create a piece of tissue that can be slipped on like a glove. 

SCIENTISTS GROW ELECTRODES IN BRAIN, THANKS TO A SIMPLE VISCOUS GEL (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/scientists-grow-electrodes-in-brain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from Link√∂ping, Lund, and Gothenburg universities in
Sweden have successfully grown electrodes in living tissue by using
the body's molecules as triggers. They developed a gel composed of
enzymes that could be used to grow electrodes in the body. The
injected gel and electrode formation did not affect the animals. This
method could potentially create nerve stimulation interfaces and pave
the way for forming fully integrated electronic circuits in living
organisms. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

XC (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/joerdav/xc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

xc is a task runner that simplifies the process of creating executable
documentation. It allows users to define tasks using human-readable
Markdown, meaning that even those without the xc tool installed can
access useful commands via the README.md file. xc also provides editor
tools for VSCode and Vim. 

SONNER (WEBSITE)
[https://sonner.emilkowal.ski/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Sonner is a toast component for React. It is styled by default and
includes an animation for swiping to dismiss messages. Sonner allows
users to easily customize their toast messages. 

WHAT THE HECK IS OAUTH? (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]


When you click on the "Login with Google" button on a website form,
that is OAuth in action. It's the standard that lets users grant
websites access to their information on other sites. But how does it
work? We put together an expert guide
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]
based on hundreds of conversations and implementations of an OAuth
server that has been downloaded millions of times. No fluff, just a
real-world perspective covering the modern use cases of OAuth. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TECH LAYOFFS ARE FEEDING A NEW STARTUP SURGE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/WE4WH?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The tech industry has seen a significant decrease in the number of
employees in the past two years, with at least 260,000 workers laid
off. Many of these individuals have decided to become entrepreneurs,
taking advantage of their severance packages to pursue their own
business ventures. Investors view startups as an opportunity as they
are agile, cost-efficient, and it can be a sign of success if
customers are willing to pay for a new product during a recession.
Early indications show that this trend of laid-off workers becoming
entrepreneurs is on the rise. 

THE JOB MARKET FOR NEW GRADS: WORSE THAN IN 2008, BUT BETTER THAN 2002
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/the-job-market-for-new-grads-2023/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses the current job market and how it compares to
the Dotcom Bust and the financial crisis in 2008. The current downturn
is far worse than in 2008 but not nearly as bad as in the Dotcom Bust.
It is fundamentally different from the Dotcom Bust as many companies
and venture capital firms still have a lot of money, they're just not
investing right now. While there is a current downturn in hiring, it
appears that no one is panicking and many are crafting a plan for the
next few years. 

TLDR AI NEWSLETTER (NEWSLETTER) [https://tldr.tech/ai] 

Hey guys, if you're interested in AI, we just launched the¬†TLDR AI
Newsletter [https://tldr.tech/ai], it's curated by a team of founders,
AI researchers, and ML engineers who have worked at places like
OpenAI, Google, and Stanford, and covers new startup launches,
research, and engineering tools/practices in AI and machine
learning.¬†You can sign up for free here [https://tldr.tech/ai]!

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MAKE YOUR APP ENTERPRISE READY WITH WORKOS (SPONSOR)
[https://7t04.short.gy/540bPn] 

WorkOS APIs enable you to ship complex enterprise features in just
minutes. This means you can focus entirely on core product features
rather than SSO or User Provisioning. Start free today
[https://7t04.short.gy/540bPn] 

GOOGLE ASKS SOME EMPLOYEES TO SHARE DESKS AMID OFFICE DOWNSIZING (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/22/google-asks-some-employees-to-share-desks-amid-office-downsizing.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's new desk-sharing model, which will require employees and
partners to share desks on alternate days with their desk-mates will
apply to Google Cloud's five largest US locations. 

COINBASE LAUNCHES BLOCKCHAIN BASE TO HELP DEVELOPERS BUILD DAPPS
ON-CHAIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/23/coinbase-launches-blockchain-base-to-help-developers-build-dapps-on-chain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Base is an Ethereum-focused layer 2 blockchain that aims to make it
'dead easy' for developers to build dApps and for users to access
those dApps through Coinbase products. 

A NEW KIND OF BUG SPELLS TROUBLE FOR IOS AND MACOS SECURITY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/trellix-ios-macos-bug-nspredicate?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new class of bugs that affects iOS and macOS allows attackers to
access secure data, such as location data, photos, messages, and call
history. 

INTRODUCING AMBIENT 0.1 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ambient.run/post/introducing-ambient?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ambient is a runtime that makes implementing multiplayer into 3D games
easy. 

HOW I BROKE INTO A BANK ACCOUNT WITH AN AI-GENERATED VOICE (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/dy7axa/how-i-broke-into-a-bank-account-with-an-ai-generated-voice?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI-powered replicas of voices are able to break into bank accounts
through automated phone systems, showing how voice-based biometric
security doesn't work in a world where anyone can generate synthetic
voices. 

SETTING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aheze/Setting?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Setting is a library that simplifies the process of creating beautiful
preference panels. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

RABBET - SENIOR FULL STACK ENGINEER (REACT / ELIXIR) (FULLY REMOTE,
$120,000 - $175,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-full-stack-engineer-(react-%2F-elixir)/329]


Rabbet is hiring a Senior Full Stack Engineer to build intelligent
software for a startup that aims to connect people and data to
streamline construction finances. 

TRANSFICC - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $100,000 -
$115,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer/328] 

TransFICC is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to build resilient and
adaptable fintech platforms and components for a company that provides
ultra-low-latency API venue connectivity and eTrading platforms for
Capital Markets. 

VALIDERE - SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (TORONTO, ONTARIO, CANADA,
$130,000 - $160,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-developer-/327] 

Validere is hiring a Senior Software Developer to design, build, and
maintain code and features for a measurement, reporting, and
verification SaaS company. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8305069c-b413-11ed-9ef0-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677236420&t=1677240665&s=9b0645394dc5eb0102573928d425ced9f1463a41443f37b8e045d37b13a70262].


¬†