# Articles TLDR 11-05-2023

Google has launched an integrated chat tool for coders.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=24d29b2a-efd2-11ed-be1b-69f27bbac2a7&pt=campaign&t=1683803211&s=19c48df4239ab033eebf022edad92add0477b58b42d6ad6b5d742138c5cd8df1]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]

TLDR 2023-05-11

THERE‚ÄôS NO EXCUSE TO STRUGGLE WITH SOC 2 IN 2023 (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]


SOC 2 USED to be a heavy lift. With the Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]
GRC platform, compliance is done-for-you ‚Äî and you have expert
guidance, every step of the way. No more excuses!
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]
(And it also handles dozens of other frameworks including: HIPAA,
GDPR, and more)

Monitor 100+ cloud services
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]
across AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure. Store, manage and review vendor
security certifications and reports. Stay compliant
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]
with continuous monitoring and automated evidence collection. And all
with unrivaled support
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]from
compliance experts and former auditors

AngelList, Generali, and Smartcar chose Secureframe, along with
hundreds of 5-star reviewers on G2 and Product Hunt.

‚û°Ô∏è Claim a 15% discount for TLDR readers
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=051123-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

HERE‚ÄôS EVERYTHING GOOGLE JUST ANNOUNCED (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/10/google-io-2023-live-updates.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's annual I/O conference took place yesterday in Mountain View,
California. This article covers everything that Google announced at
the event. The announcements include a new PaLM 2 artificial
intelligence language model, AI writing tools for Gmail, an immersive
view for Google Maps, the removal of the waitlist for Bard, generative
AI in Search, the Pixel 7a budget Android phone, the Pixel Tablet, and
the Pixel Fold. 

MICROSOFT JUST MADE A HUGE, FAR-FROM-CERTAIN BET ON NUCLEAR FUSION (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/10/23717332/microsoft-nuclear-fusion-power-plant-helion-purchase-agreement?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has signed an agreement to purchase fusion electricity from
Helion Energy by 2028. Helion Energy must build the fusion system in
time or face financial penalties. It aims to generate over 50
megawatts of power. Many experts predict that fusion energy will not
be achieved until the end of the decade or several decades from now. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

VAST SAYS IT WILL LAUNCH ITS FIRST SPACE STATION IN 2025 ON A FALCON 9
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/05/vast-says-it-will-launch-its-first-space-station-in-2025-on-a-falcon-9/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Vast has announced plans to launch a commercial space station by
August 2025. The Haven-1 module will be deployed in low-Earth orbit.
The module will undergo initial testing for several weeks, after which
four astronauts will spend around a month onboard before returning to
Earth. Vast has made commercial crew seats for both the initial
mission and a second mission in 2026 available for sale. NASA will
likely be decommissioning the ISS in 2030, after which it will lease
crew time on commercial space stations. 

FIRST UK BABY WITH DNA FROM THREE PEOPLE BORN AFTER NEW IVF PROCEDURE
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/may/09/first-uk-baby-with-dna-from-three-people-born-after-new-ivf-procedure?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Doctors in the UK have successfully performed an IVF procedure
resulting in a child born with DNA from three people. The treatment,
called mitochondrial donation treatment, involves taking healthy
tissue from the eggs of female donors whose DNA is free from harmful
mutations that predispose the mother to inheritable diseases. The
material is used to create an embryo that has DNA from both biological
parents as well as around 37 genes from the donor's egg. More than
99.8% of the offspring's DNA still comes from the biological parents. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PRIVATEGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/imartinez/privateGPT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

privateGPT allows users to interact with their documents using LLMs
without an internet connection. It ensures that no data ever leaves
the user's execution environment. privateGPT allows users to easily
ingest documents and ask questions of them while keeping everything
completely private and secure. 

GOOGLE LAUNCHES A GITHUB COPILOT COMPETITOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/10/google-launches-a-github-copilot-competitor/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cudGVjaG1lbWUuY29tLw&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAALm-SszANKHEe3l0NyNHG_MFgAfCpUAPhA0YnpAF9M2mRGyqowhmIaGM2KBUbwhNIUsiih-QAiYU8mh4ZP-ZXgFa1yh_2np8PvmyO-EM3ka0XLf8DYSOch4vIGIBiUJKE53ZXp0N_ep0rmveUX2cpy8T17Qau8uCBcPppLrEeRye?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has launched an integrated chat tool for coders. Codey was
designed specifically to handle queries related to coding and also to
Google Cloud general queries. It will be available for Google‚Äôs
cloud-hosted Workstations service, Visual Studio Code, the Google
Shell Editor, and JetBrains‚Äô IDEs. Codey is currently only available
to a few trusted testers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STACK OVERFLOW IS CHATGPT CASUALTY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.similarweb.com/blog/insights/ai-news/stack-overflow-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Developers are increasingly turning to AI chatbots for advice instead
of Stack Overflow. Traffic to Stack Overflow has been dropping since
the introduction of GitHub CoPilot. GitHub traffic is continuing to
grow. Developers seem to have pivoted away from searching and posting
questions to using AI to generate large chunks of code. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS PROJECT STARLINE BOOTH GAVE ME A HOLOGRAPHIC MEETING
EXPERIENCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/googles-project-starline-booths-gave-me-a-holographic-meeting-experience-205804960.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has developed smaller and easier to deploy Starline booth
prototypes. Starline creates 3D visual and audio models of users so
that people using the system feel like they are in the same room.
Previous Starline models used entire rooms, but the newest version is
smaller and easy to set up. This article describes what it is like
using the new Starline. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

APPLE BUSTS MAJOR IOS 17 LEAKER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cultofmac.com/815853/apple-busts-major-ios-17-leaker-tipster/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The leaker has reportedly been fired and will face legal action by
Apple. 

HOW AND WHY WE ACQUIRED OUR .COM DOMAIN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.advaitruia.com/p/how-and-why-we-acquired-our-com-domain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It's better to buy a .com domain sooner rather than later if a product
is working and people are using it. 

TRANSFORMERS AGENTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/huggingface/status/1656334778407297027] 

Hugging Face has released Transformers Agents, a fully multimodal API
that allows developers to control over 100,000 models by talking to
Transformers and Diffusers. 

‚ÄòNEARSHORING‚Äô PUSH IS FUELING TECH JOB DEMAND IN LATIN AMERICA (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/1yvX5?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Nearshoring is when companies hire or outsource to workers in locales
closer to home. 

MICROSOFT SKIPS PAY HIKES THIS YEAR AMID SHARP FOCUS ON AI (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-microsoft-not-employees-salary-163656834.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft won't raise salaries for full-time employees this year but
will continue with bonuses, stock awards, and promotions. 

THE LEVERAGE OF LLMS FOR INDIVIDUALS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mazzzystar.github.io/2023/05/10/LLM-for-individual/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


LLMs allow people to attempt things beyond their current abilities. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=24d29b2a-efd2-11ed-be1b-69f27bbac2a7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683799222&t=1683803211&s=b479f0cf05cd9fefe8571108079099791ed22246219325104f307761466706a4].


¬†