# Articles TLDR 08-09-2023

Chrome is getting a big redesign to celebrate its 15th birthday¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=604454be-4e1e-11ee-b502-0d4388b425c9&pt=campaign&t=1694169831&s=4abbe7d1a3084077d446255557e38a9887f059efa31614eee58c55419084d70e]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-09-08

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

CHROME TURNS 15 AND IS GETTING A BIG REDESIGN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/chrome-is-getting-a-big-redesign-with-rounded-corners-material-you-colors/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chrome is getting a big redesign to celebrate its 15th birthday. The
redesign will bring Google's 'Material You' design language to Chrome.
Other updates from the latest version of Chrome include a more
comprehensive menu, an upgraded Safe Browsing blocklist, and AI in the
sidebar. Screenshots of the redesign are available in the article. 

CRUISE ‚ÄòJUST DAYS AWAY‚Äô FROM APPROVAL TO MASS-PRODUCE ORIGIN
ROBOTAXIS WITHOUT STEERING WHEELS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/7/23863390/cruise-origin-robotaxi-regulatory-approval-nhtsa?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Cruise, a company backed by GM, is set to soon begin mass production
of its fully autonomous vehicle, pending regulatory approval. The
vehicle will not have a steering wheel or pedals. Its lack of
traditional human controls means that Cruise requires an exemption
from the federal government's motor vehicle safety standards. The
government body responsible for processing the exemption is expected
to make a decision on the matter soon, maybe even before the end of
the month. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS GROW WHOLE MODEL OF HUMAN EMBRYO, WITHOUT SPERM OR EGG (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/health-66715669?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists from the Weizmann Institute have grown embryo models that
resemble real early human embryos without using sperm, eggs, or a
womb. The embryo models look like a textbook example of a real
14-day-old embryo. They release hormones that turn pregnancy tests
positive in the lab. Realistic embryo models could provide an ethical
way for scientists to study the earliest moments of life. The
scientists claim that it would be impossible to achieve a real
pregnancy using their embryo models. 

HUMANISED KIDNEYS GROWN INSIDE PIGS FOR THE FIRST TIME (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/sep/07/humanised-kidneys-grown-inside-pigs-for-the-first-time?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers have created human-pig chimeric embryos that, when
transferred to surrogate pig mothers, were shown to have kidneys that
contained mostly human cells. This is the first time that scientists
have grown a solid humanised organ inside another animal. The kidneys
are not able to be used for transplantation in their current form as
they are not entirely human. There are still plenty of legal and
ethical challenges to overcome before this work will see any clinical
applications. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

ŒúDSV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/leeoniya/uDSV?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ŒºDSV is a JavaScript library for parsing well-formed CSV strings. It
is mostly RFC 4180 compliant. ŒºDSV supports quoted values containing
commas, escaped quotes, and line breaks. It will eventually be able to
handle 99.5% of use cases without adding complexity or performance
trade-offs to support the remaining 0.5%. 

LOTUSDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lotusdblabs/lotusdb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

LotusDB is an extremely fast advanced key-value store. It combines the
advantages of log-structured merge (LSM) trees and B+ trees. LotusDB
has much lower read and space amplification than typical LSMs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDE ELON MUSK'S STRUGGLE FOR THE FUTURE OF AI (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://time.com/6310076/elon-musk-ai-walter-isaacson-biography/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article covers Elon Musk's history with AI. It includes anecdotes
about his discussions with Larry Page before Google purchased
DeepMind, his role in co-founding OpenAI, why he split with OpenAI,
and many other stories. Musk's xAI is currently aiming to create an AI
bot that can write computer code, reason, think, and pursue truth to
compete with OpenAI's GPT series. 

CHATGPT TRAFFIC SLIPS AGAIN FOR THIRD MONTH IN A ROW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/chatgpt-traffic-slips-again-third-month-row-2023-09-07/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ChatGPT's traffic has declined for the third month. There are signs
that the decline is coming to an end. School coming back into session
in September may have boosted ChatGPT's traffic and usage. ChatGPT is
still one of the top 30 websites in the world. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WEBSITE TEMPLATES POWERED BY NEXT.JS AND CONTENTFUL (SPONSOR)
[https://www.contentful.com/starter-templates/?utm_medium=newsletter-paid&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=starter-templates&utm_content=nextjs-homepage]

Want a site that stands out in a sea of average blogs? Check out these
Contentful website templates to see the potential. Source code,
content model, and front-end preview included! Explore starter
templates
[https://www.contentful.com/starter-templates/?utm_medium=newsletter-paid&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=starter-templates&utm_content=nextjs-homepage]


GOOGLE GETS ITS WAY, BAKES A USER-TRACKING AD PLATFORM DIRECTLY INTO
CHROME (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/googles-widely-opposed-ad-platform-the-privacy-sandbox-launches-in-chrome/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google Chrome's new Privacy Sandbox ad platform, which is rolling out
with the new Chrome today, allows web pages to generate a list of
advertising topics to share with other websites. 

EVERY SOFTWARE PROJECT IS A STARTUP THAT WILL PROBABLY FAIL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://muldoon.cloud/2023/09/06/software-keeps-failing.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Most software will never produce more value than it cost to develop. 

‚ÄòI HOPE I‚ÄôM WRONG‚Äô: THE CO-FOUNDER OF DEEPMIND ON HOW AI
THREATENS TO RESHAPE LIFE AS WE KNOW IT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/books/2023/sep/02/i-hope-im-wrong-the-co-founder-of-deepmind-on-how-ai-threatens-to-reshape-life-as-we-know-it?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

An article about Mustafa Suleyman, one of the co-founders of DeepMind,
and his views on how AI will affect our lives in the future. 

THE SECRET TO NVIDIA‚ÄôS AI SUCCESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/nvidia-gpu?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The biggest gain for Nvidia has been in boosting number representation
in its GPUs. 

ALAZ (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ddosify/alaz?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Alaz is a Ddosify BPF agent that can inspect and collect Kubernetes
service traffic without code instrumentation, sidecars, or service
restarts. 

ELEMENTS OF EXCEPTIONAL STARTUPS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://tylerhogge.com/2023/09/07/elements-of-exceptional-startups/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Exceptional startups have an exceptional CEO, executive team,
investors, talent, and product. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=604454be-4e1e-11ee-b502-0d4388b425c9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694167218&t=1694169831&s=417ae6d70fe078581da9941bb7e09f848f2b8f006aca4fc6ce80f4f74aece917].