# Articles TLDR 20-01-2023

Netflix founder and co-CEO Reed Hastings is stepping down after more
than two decades at the company.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr] | View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7ac99f3a-988c-11ed-98be-a1754c74cef9&pt=campaign&t=1674216193&s=e9e42f3a106390de881f1f27e19481a4805d7f130ddc4331de74504591faa7ef]
| Job Board [https://tldr.tech/jobs] | Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-01-20

INTERESTED IN INFRASTRUCTURE ACCESS MANAGEMENT AND DEPLOYING SECURE
SYSTEMS? TELEPORT CONNECT IS THE VIRTUAL PLACE TO BE (SPONSOR)
[https://goteleport.com/teleport-connect-virtual-2022/?utm_campaign=eg&utm_medium=partner&utm_source=tldr]


Save your (virtual!) spot for exclusive access to:

	*
All of the 15+ content sessions on infrastructure access management,
including your peers from DoorDash, Dropbox, Discord, Vonage, IBM
Instana, Figment, Jasper AI, and others

	*
Live networking with fellow attendees

	*
Lunch happy hour and giveaways
[https://goteleport.com/teleport-connect-virtual-2022/?utm_campaign=eg&utm_medium=partner&utm_source=tldr]

	*
Live Q&A from select speakers

What are you waiting for? Register now and join Teleport Connect from
the comfort of your home
[https://goteleport.com/teleport-connect-virtual-2022/?utm_campaign=eg&utm_medium=partner&utm_source=tldr]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

NETFLIX FOUNDER REED HASTINGS STEPS DOWN AS CO-CEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/19/netflix-founder-reed-hastings-steps-down-as-co-ceo/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Netflix founder and co-CEO Reed Hastings is stepping down after more
than two decades at the company. The company has been planning its
next era in leadership for years and appointed Ted Sarandos as co-CEO
in 2020. Greg Peters, the company's current COO, will be promoted to
co-CEO. Hastings will remain with Netflix as executive chairman of the
board. 

NEW APPLE MONITOR TO SURPASS STUDIO DISPLAY AND PRO DISPLAY XDR WITH
THREE 'PRO' FEATURES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/01/19/new-apple-monitor-three-pro-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple may be launching an all-new external monitor early this year.
Detailed information about the display is not known, but it is
expected to sit between the $1,599 Studio Display and the $4,999 Pro
Display XDR. It will be the first to feature a 27-inch mini-LED panel.
Mini-LED offers substantially better contrast and deeper blacks than
LCD displays. The new display will have a custom chip and support
ProMotion with variable refresh rates of up to 120Hz. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NEXT UP FOR CRISPR: GENE EDITING FOR THE MASSES? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/an4EL?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Advances in CRISPR technology may soon make it possible for a vaccine
that provides lifelong protection against heart disease. New forms of
the technology, like prime editing, are broadening the scope of
gene-editing treatments. They can be used to target diseases that
aren't caused by rogue genes. An approach currently in testing to
lower blood cholesterol could one day be used to protect people from
high blood pressure and diabetes. 

CHINA'S NEW HYPERLOOP TRAIN COMPLETES FIRST TEST RUNS SUCCESSFULLY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/transportation/china-hyperloop-train-completes-test-run?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An ultra-fast hyperloop train has completed its first test runs in
China. The runs were conducted on a 1.24-mile-long superconducting
maglev line in the Shanxi province, with the train reaching speeds of
31 miles per hour. The test line will be extended to 37 miles over the
next few years. China is aiming for the train to eventually carry
passengers and cargo at speeds of 621 miles per hour or faster. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

NEURAL NETWORKS: ZERO TO HERO (WEBSITE)
[https://karpathy.ai/zero-to-hero.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Neural Networks: Zero to Hero is a guide to building neural networks
from scratch in code. It assumes readers have a solid programming
background in Python and know intro-level math. The course covers
backpropagation and training, implementing various models, diagnostic
tools and visualizations, GPT, and more. 

ODIGOS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/keyval-dev/odigos?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Odigos is an observability control plane. It can generate distributed
traces instantly for any application without code changes. Odigos can
automatically detect programming languages and instrument them
accordingly. It auto-scales collectors based on application usage, so
there is no need to deploy or configure complex pipelines. 

DON‚ÄôT LET YOUR ISSUE TRACKER BE A FOUR-LETTER WORD. USE SHORTCUT
(SPONSOR)
[https://shortcut.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=spon_nl&utm_campaign=prospecting&utm_content=TLDR]


Shortcut unites planning and development into a single experience with
tightly integrated Docs, Issue Tracking, and Sprint Planning features.
Try it today.
[https://shortcut.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=spon_nl&utm_campaign=prospecting&utm_content=TLDR]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE ERA OF HAPPY TECH WORKERS IS OVER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/xPIf3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The perks of working at a Silicon Valley firm are disappearing and
unlikely to return. The current macroeconomic environment is forcing
tech companies to optimize more for profit than growth. There were
over 150,000 job cuts in 2022 and more are set for this year. The past
few decades had managers fighting for talent, but now they are taking
back control from employees. Despite this change, almost 80% of
recently laid-off workers have been able to find employment within
three months of being let go. 

THE FACEBOOK PORTAL DIED. THIS IS HOW IT ALMOST LIVED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/katienotopoulos/facebook-portal-rip-amazon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta announced that it was discontinuing the Portal in November. The
device sold well, despite being released during a period when the
public felt adverse to having an always-on camera from Facebook in
their home. Meta did not see a path to Portal becoming a massive
business. Sales of Portal spiked during the pandemic, but they dropped
when people were able to see their families again. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CAN YOU RUN PENETRATION TESTING AS A SERVICE WITHOUT LOSING QUALITY?
(SPONSOR)
[https://raxis.com/ptaas?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20221212] 

Raxis uses human pentesters plus automated anomaly detection for
continuous and relentless PTaaS, without compromises. Learn how it
works and get started
[https://raxis.com/ptaas?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20221212] 

20 THINGS I‚ÄôVE LEARNED IN MY 20 YEARS AS A SOFTWARE ENGINEER (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.simplethread.com/20-things-ive-learned-in-my-20-years-as-a-software-engineer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This blog post contains a lot of advice for software engineers
collected over 20 years of working for various-sized businesses and
startups. 

CYBER-CRIME GANGS' EARNINGS SLIDE AS VICTIMS REFUSE TO PAY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-64323980?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ransomware groups extorted at least $457 million from victims in 2022,
a 40% drop compared to the year before as fewer victims are paying. 

DEEP LEARNING TUNING PLAYBOOK (48 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/google-research/tuning_playbook?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This document is for engineers and researchers interested in
maximizing the performance of deep learning models. 

TWITTER‚ÄôS NEW DEVELOPER TERMS BAN THIRD-PARTY CLIENTS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/twitter-new-developer-terms-ban-third-party-clients-211247096.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter has quietly updated its developer agreement to make it clear
that third-party clients are no longer allowed. 

A FRAMEWORK FOR PRIORITIZING TECH DEBT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.maxcountryman.com/articles/a-framework-for-prioritizing-tech-debt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article presents a framework that aims to provide a structured
view to identify good and bad debt and decide how to address it. 

THE GOLDEN ERA OF BEING AN OPEN STARTUP IS GONE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://testimonial.to/resources/the-golden-era-of-being-an-open-startup-is-gone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An open startup is open about how they run their businesses, with
builders sharing their business stats, goals, metrics, and more. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

SOURCEGRAPH IS HIRING DIRECTOR-LEVEL ENGINEERS, DESIGNERS, AND
TECHNICAL PROGRAM MANAGERS TO HELP US BUILD OUR CODE INTELLIGENCE
PLATFORM (REMOTE, $150K - $300K)
[https://tldr.tech/companies/sourcegraph/115] 

PANGEA IS HIRING A SENIOR BACKEND ENGINEER (GO/PYTHON PREFERRED) TO
HELP US BUILD OUR SECURITY PLATFORM FOR DEVELOPERS. (REMOTE, $120K -
$250K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/backend-software-engineer---golang%2Fk8s%2Fauthn-or-authz/37]


CHALK IS HIRING A FRONT END WEB DEV TO JOIN OUR CONSULTANCY
SPECIALIZING IN CREATING DIGITAL EXPERIENCES (DENVER, $104K - $129K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/front-end-web-developer/35] 

HEALTHYLONGEVITY.DATA IS HIRING A SENIOR NODE.JS DEV TO WORK ON THE
FOREFRONT OF DATA-DRIVEN HEALTH INTELLIGENCE (REMOTE, $50K - $120K)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-developer--(postgres%2C-nest.js%2C-prisma-orm)/34]


INPSYDE IS HIRING A SENIOR FULL STACK WORDPRESS DEV TO JOIN THE
BIGGEST WORDPRESS AGENCY IN GERMANY. (REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-full-stack-wordpress-developer-(m%2Ff%2Fd)---remote/190]


CERBERUS IS HIRING A RUST DEVELOPER AND HASKELL/NIX INTERN TO HELP
DEVELOP OUR TEST AUTOMATION INFRASTRUCTURE (GERMANY)
[https://tldr.tech/companies/cyberus-technology-gmbh/219] 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. If your company would like to hire through our
free job board, please sign up here
[https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7ac99f3a-988c-11ed-98be-a1754c74cef9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674212440&t=1674216193&s=e5d9774a837bcb104a73f932230892c6f7d05ea74ca49888c98bb6ea33f8b933].


¬†