# Articles TLDR 02-05-2023

Apple is planning to announce a 15-inch MacBook Air its WWDC
conference on June 5.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c8960048-e8c1-11ed-8bf7-f7a938c602a8&pt=campaign&t=1683025474&s=be9be419882117ced55c3b5747f8236c82919edebe136ee574552d4086538595]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-02

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE TO ANNOUNCE 15-INCH MACBOOK AIR AT WWDC (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/05/01/gurman-15-inch-macbook-air-wwdc/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is planning to announce a 15-inch MacBook Air at its WWDC
conference on June 5. The 15-inch MacBook Air will be powered by the
standard M2 chip and there will be multiple GPU configurations. There
are no rumored design changes to the laptop except for the larger
display size. Apple will also announce iOS 17, macOS 14, watchOS 10,
tvOS 17, and an AR/VR headset at the event. 

‚ÄòGODFATHER OF AI‚Äô QUITS GOOGLE WITH REGRETS AND FEARS ABOUT HIS
LIFE‚ÄôS WORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/1/23706311/hinton-godfather-of-ai-threats-fears-warnings?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Geoffrey Hinton, one of the 'Godfathers of AI', has quit his job at
Google to speak freely about the risks of AI. He says that a part of
him regrets his life's work. Hinton's work directly led to the
development of technologies like ChatGPT and Google Bard. He claims
that competition with new AI technologies will be impossible to stop
and result in a world with so much misinformation that people won't be
able to tell what is true anymore. The technology could also eliminate
jobs, and possibly humanity itself, as it starts learning to write and
run its own code. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS DEVELOP A.I. SYSTEM FOCUSED ON TURNING PEOPLES' THOUGHTS
INTO TEXT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/01/scientists-develop-ai-system-focused-on-turning-thoughts-into-text.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Semantic decoders are AI systems that can translate people's brain
activity into streams of text. They can be used to benefit patients
who have lost their ability to physically communicate. Researchers at
the University Of Texas have developed a semantic decoder system using
a transformer model. It doesn't require any surgical implants and it
can produce text that closely or precisely matches the intended
meaning of words around half the time. The decoder still can't be used
outside of a lab setting as it requires an fMRI scanner, but the
researchers believe that they could eventually make a more portable
system. 

TIMBER! THE WORLD‚ÄôS FIRST WOODEN TRANSISTOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/wood-transistor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A collaboration of researchers through the Wallenberg Wood Science
Center have created the world's first wooden transistor. It is three
centimeters across and switches at less than one hertz. The transistor
works by electrochemically modulating conductivity within conducting
channels inside the wood's pores with the help of a penetrating
electrolyte. It could be used for specialized applications, including
biodegradable computing and implanting into living plant material. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

EVA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/georgia-tech-db/eva?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

EVA is an AI-relational database system for building simpler and
faster AI-powered applications. It can operate on both structured and
unstructured data using deep learning models. EVA accelerates AI
pipelines by 10-100x. It comes with a wide range of models for
analyzing unstructured data. 

TELETRACE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/teletrace/teletrace?ref=producthunt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Teletrace is a distributed tracing system that helps developers
monitor and troubleshoot complex distributed systems. It can be easily
deployed and scaled. Teletrace supports multiple storage options. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ASK HN: MOST INTERESTING TECH YOU BUILT FOR JUST YOURSELF? (HACKER
NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35729232] 

This Hacker News thread contains examples of projects that developers
built for themselves. There are many pages of interesting comments -
the top comment links to the other pages for easy access. Examples
include a dementia support system for a family, automated systems to
take pictures of trains as they pass, and an automated hydroponic grow
tent. 

HOW TO UP YOUR ZOOM GAME, ACCORDING TO A HUGE NEW STUDY (16 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/jJp3q?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A new study has figured out how fast and loud people should talk on
Zoom. People rated as 'good conversationalists' were those who talked
faster, louder, and more intensely. Good talkers varied their decibel
levels more than the bad talkers did. Those rated as good
conversationalists appeared to engage more. Data from the study is
still being analyzed. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI ISN‚ÄôT THE APP, IT‚ÄôS THE UI (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/01/ai-isnt-the-app-its-the-ui/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI can be used to deliver human intentions to traditional algorithmic
APIs. 

TWO CORE UNIX-LIKE UTILITIES, SUDO AND SU, ARE GETTING REWRITES IN
RUST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/05/two-core-unix-like-utilities-sudo-and-su-are-getting-rewrites-in-rust/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The rewrite is part of a wider effort to replace older critical
infrastructure pieces with memory-safe counterparts. 

VERCEL OFFERS POSTGRES, REDIS OPTIONS FOR FRONTEND DEVELOPERS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/vercel-offers-postgres-redis-options-for-frontend-developers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Vercel has added a new suite of serverless storage options and new
security and editing features. 

FIRST REPUBLIC SEIZED BY CALIFORNIA REGULATOR, JPMORGAN TO ASSUME ALL
DEPOSITS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/01/first-republic-bank-failure.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The FDIC has accepted JPMorgan's bid for First Republic. 

THE KINGDOM OF BHUTAN HAS BEEN QUIETLY MINING BITCOIN FOR YEARS (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/iainmartin/2023/04/30/bhutan-bitcoin-mining-crypto/?sh=2cf459621f1b?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bhutan has been using electricity from its hydroelectric plants to
mine bitcoin since it was worth $5,000. 

APPLE USES IOS AND MACOS RAPID SECURITY RESPONSE FEATURE FOR THE FIRST
TIME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/05/seven-months-in-ios-and-macos-get-their-first-rapid-security-updates/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rapid Security Response is a feature that enables quicker and more
frequent security patches for Apple's newest operating systems. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c8960048-e8c1-11ed-8bf7-f7a938c602a8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683021634&t=1683025474&s=4dead3ca7415361f53028d06724e2db7326e157a859d446a10151718c5778793].


¬†