# Articles TLDR 18-10-2023

Microsoft Researchs Project Silica is testing the storage of huge
amounts of data on glass plates using three-dimensional pixels called
voxels¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e633020e-6d87-11ee-aa0e-a9b8eb1c667f&pt=campaign&t=1697625927&s=94cf4afe0bb5c8f74ecd4d87692b6686b1e122fe3ed4bf7c3b8fa04d63879bb1]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Segment]
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary]

TLDR 2023-10-18

 üÜì¬†SEGMENT IS NOW FREE FOR EARLY-STAGE STARTUPS. HERE‚ÄôS WHY WE
LOVE IT. (SPONSOR)
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary]


 We‚Äôre big fans of Segment. It simplifies tracking
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary]
(client and server-side), so you don‚Äôt need to log every event with
8 different tools. It empowers marketing
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary],
so they can install tools without bugging an engineer (crazy?). And it
pumps data from various tools into others
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary]
(e.g., Intercom ‚áí Mixpanel)
With Segment, you have the data you need in the tools you need,
without mucking about with pipeline maintenance. And if you‚Äôre an
early stage startup, you could be using Segment for free!

Apply for the startup program right here (4.05 minutes)
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023-primary]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 MICROSOFT‚ÄôS FUTURISTIC ‚ÄòPROJECT SILICA‚Äô STORES DATA ON GLASS
PLATES FOR 10,000 YEARS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pcworld.com/article/2108839/microsoft-project-small-glass-pane-stores-terabytes-of-data.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Microsoft Research's Project Silica is testing the storage of huge
amounts of data on glass plates using three-dimensional pixels called
voxels. The plates can store data for thousands of years. Each plate
can store several terabytes of data. The data inside each plate can't
be changed once written. Project Silica is still in its early stages
and it will be some time before the technology can be used
commercially. 

 NETFLIX'S FIRST LIVE SPORTS BROADCAST WILL BE A GOLF TOURNAMENT
BETWEEN PGA TOUR PROS AND F1 DRIVERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://sports.yahoo.com/netflixs-first-live-sports-broadcast-will-be-a-golf-tournament-between-pga-tour-pros-and-f1-drivers-153544779.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Netflix will broadcast the Netflix Cup golf tournament on November
14. The eight-hole tournament will pitch a team of four PGA Tour pros
against four Formula 1 golfers. All eight participants were key
participants in the Netflix docuseries 'Drive to Survive'. The
tournament could set the stage for a future foray into live sports
rights for Netflix. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 FIGURE'S HUMANOID IS ALREADY WALKING AND PERFORMING AUTONOMOUS TASKS
(20 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/robotics/figure-humanoid-walking/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Figure has released video footage of its humanoid robot. The robot
was designed with the aim of making it useful as quickly as possible.
Figure's team achieved bipedal walking in less than 12 months, a
record for a brand-new humanoid initiative. The company aims to show
the prototype doing useful work by the end of the year. This article
contains photos and a video of the robot as well as an interview with
Figure's founder Brett Adcock. 

 THIS STARTUP CEO CLAIMS HE CAN COMPLETELY DECARBONIZE THE CEMENT
INDUSTRY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/17/this-startup-ceo-claims-he-can-completely-decarbonize-the-cement-industry.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Brimstone Energy is trying to reduce carbon emissions from the
production of cement by using calcium silicate rock, which contains no
CO2. It will use a patented technology to remove the calcium from the
rock. The company has received certification that its product is
essentially the same as Portland cement. Its technology produces
cheaper cement than what is currently available. Brimstone hopes that
its process will lead to the industry using a fully decarbonized
system. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 JOIN DEVELOPERS FROM AROUND THE WORLD AT NODES 2023¬†(SPONSOR)
[https://neo4j.registration.goldcast.io/events/6fb85147-ca27-4310-9dec-cb345c53bd6f]


 Developers are gathering virtually on October 26 to share how
they‚Äôre building smarter applications, streamlining stacks, and
solving real-world problems at NODES 2023
[https://neo4j.registration.goldcast.io/events/6fb85147-ca27-4310-9dec-cb345c53bd6f].
This free, 24-hour conference includes 90 practical, skill-building
sessions such as:

üî¶Hacking the Dark Web

üóÇÔ∏èSmart Network Data Repositories

üõ°Ô∏èCyberattack Countermeasures

üëâSAVE YOUR SPOT
[http://www.neo4j.com/nodes-2023?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=nl&utm_campaign=Nodes&utm_content=Ad-1]
üëà

 WHAT'S HAPPENING IN CHROME EXTENSIONS? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/extension-news-october-2023/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 This article looks at some of the changes the Chrome extension team
has made over the past few months and some of the new features that
will come out later this year. Some of the highlights include improved
Service Worker stability and the launch of the Runtime and Side Panel
APIs. Upcoming changes include the addition of a UserScripts API, a
ReadingList API, and an increase in the limit on enabled static
rulesets. The Chrome Web Store has been redesigned. 

 EXECUTORCH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/pytorch/executorch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 ExecuTorch enables on-device inference on mobile and edge devices
including wearables, embedded devices, and microcontrollers. It
enables efficient deployment of PyTorch models to edge devices.
ExecuTorch is compatible with a wide variety of computing platforms
and it can fully utilize hardware capabilities such as CPUs, NPUs, and
DSPs. Step-by-step tutorials on how to use ExecuTorch are available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 FTX EXECS BLEW THROUGH $8B ‚Äî TESTIMONY REVEALS HOW (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/16/ftx-execs-blew-through-8b-testimony-reveals-how/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 FTX executives spent $8 billion worth of customer funds on real
estate, venture capital investments, campaign donations, endorsement
deals, and a sports stadium. Former senior FTX executive Nishad
Singh's testimony provided details about exactly where the money went.
Singh says that there was a coding error that prevented the correct
accounting of user deposits by around $8 billion. 

 SUPERLINEAR RETURNS (28 MINUTE READ)
[http://paulgraham.com/superlinear.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 The returns for performance in business are superlinear. This is
caused by exponential growth and crossing thresholds. Crossing
thresholds leads to exponential growth and exponential growth helps
cross thresholds. The general rule for finding situations with
superlinear returns is to look for work that compounds. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 THINK SMARTER, NOT HARDER. TRY BRILLIANT FOR FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

 It takes just 5 minutes a day to level up in math, logic, CS, and
more. Sharpen your mind ‚Äî master new skills ‚Äî unlock new career
possibilities. Try Brilliant free for 30 days. 

 THE IMPACT OF CHATGPT ON PROGRAMMING EDUCATION (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://programiz.pro/report?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 This page presents the results of a survey on the impact of ChatGPT
on program education with over 10,000 respondents. 

 CITING SLOW STARSHIP REVIEWS, SPACEX URGES FAA TO DOUBLE LICENSING
STAFF (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/10/citing-slow-starship-reviews-spacex-urges-faa-to-double-licensing-staff/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 SpaceX's programs have had to compete with each other for reviews at
the FAA in recent months, significantly slowing down the Starship
program and putting the development of a Human Landing System for
NASA's Artemis program at risk. 

 HALLUCINATIONS IN AI (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.johnluttig.com/p/hallucinations-in-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The fear around new AI technology creates hallucinations of hope,
cope, and mope. 

 ‚ÄúNETFLIX EFFECT‚Äù IS BACK AS STUDIOS LICENSE OLD SHOWS TO
COMPETITORS AGAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/culture/2023/10/netflix-effect-is-back-as-studios-license-old-shows-to-competitors-again/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Some of Netflix's competitors are licensing their old content to the
streamer, boosting its programming offerings but also potentially
squeezing its profit margins. 

 OTERM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ggozad/oterm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 oterm is a text-based terminal client for Ollama that supports
multiple persistent chat sessions and custom models. 

 QUALCOMM ANNOUNCES FIRST-EVER MASS-MARKET RISC-V ANDROID SOC (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/qualcomm-announces-first-ever-mass-market-risc-v-android-soc/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Qualcomm says it's developing a RISC-V Snapdragon Wear chip in
collaboration with Google. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e633020e-6d87-11ee-aa0e-a9b8eb1c667f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697623380&t=1697625927&s=14a11df52c928b2152e9e28502ea22e49d916d65758cb878f04c3c5372ff44ca].