# Articles TLDR 26-10-2023

Apple plans to launch two sets of fourth-generation AirPods in 2024¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6119441a-73b9-11ee-a868-f53ae5c2d441&pt=campaign&t=1698317063&s=6b252e9d18621a65f2535e1932d21261278904c9a56e67a4946a7fa954e35f0f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR]

TLDR 2023-10-26

 TLDR¬†IS HIRING A PART TIME¬†CURATOR¬†FOR OUR¬†TLDR¬†PRODUCT
MANAGEMENT¬†NEWSLETTER (FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) 

 TLDR¬†is hiring a part time¬†curator¬†to join our¬†TLDR Product
Management¬†newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over
330,000 subscribers pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal
brand within the PM¬†community.

The ideal candidate would work in¬†PM¬†full time and enjoy keeping up
with¬†product¬†news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit,
blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is¬†~2-4 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. To
apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to¬†jobs@tldr.tech¬†along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

 APPLE‚ÄôS FUTURE AIRPODS ROADMAP JUST LEAKED, AND BIG CHANGES ARE
COMING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/25/23931989/apple-airpods-4-max-pro-rumor-new-features?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Apple plans to launch two sets of fourth-generation AirPods in 2024.
Both will sit beneath the AirPods Pro, with a design that is a blend
of the third-generation AirPods and the Pro model. The higher-end
version features noise-cancellation and integrated speakers on the
charging case. Neither model will have replaceable silicone ear tips.
The new AirPods cases will have USB-C and new colors. 

 GOOGLE FOUNDER‚ÄôS AIRSHIP GETS FAA CLEARANCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/lta-airship-faa-clearance?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Google co-founder Sergey Brin‚Äôs 124-meter-long airship Pathfinder 1
is set to launch for the first time in the days or weeks ahead. The
helium-filled airship received a special airworthiness certificate in
September that allows it to begin flight tests within the boundaries
of Moffett Field and neighboring Palo Alto airport‚Äôs airspaces at a
height of up to 1,500 feet. The airship will be able to venture over
the south San Francisco Bay without interfering with planes. After
extensive testing, the Pathfinder 1 will transit to Ohio, where an
even larger airship is currently under development. The test program
is expected to be complete within 180 days. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

 FIRST MALARIA VACCINE SLASHES EARLY CHILDHOOD MORTALITY (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.science.org/content/article/first-malaria-vaccine-slashes-early-childhood-deaths?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The first vaccine approved to fight malaria cut deaths among young
children by 13% over nearly 4 years. It reduced severe malaria by 22%
in kids younger than enough to receive a three-shot series. The 13%
drop in deaths translates to tens of thousands of lives saved every
year. The mortality benefit was documented even in areas with the
lowest coverage. The vaccine may be training the immune system in a
general way that extends a protective benefit against other
infections. 

 LOW-CALORIE SUGAR BREAKTHROUGH COULD MAKE ALLULOSE A HOUSEHOLD NAME
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/science/breakthrough-low-calorie-sugar-production/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Allulose is a sugar substitute that is around 70% as sweet as sucrose
but contains just 10% of the calories. It has been shown to improve
blood glucose levels and help in weight loss in people with type 2
diabetes. The compound was previously difficult to produce. Scientists
at the University of California, Davis, have made a breakthrough and
developed a manufacturing technique that offers both a high-quality
yield and viable sustainability. The technique uses modified E. coli
in a process that is already established industrially. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

 OPENAPI DEVTOOLS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/AndrewWalsh/openapi-devtools?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 OpenAPI DevTools is a Chrome extension that generates OpenAPI
specifications in real time from network requests. It adds a new tab
to Chrome DevTools that automatically converts network requests into a
specification. OpenAPI DevTools can instantly generate an OpenAPI 3.1
specification for any website or app just by using it. 

 BUILDING A GLOBAL DEPLOYMENT PLATFORM IS HARD, HERE IS WHY (20 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.koyeb.com/blog/building-a-global-deployment-platform-is-hard-here-is-why?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A whole new set of issues appear when businesses start operating
workloads over multiple locations across the globe. These complexities
multiply the number of failure scenarios to consider. This article
takes a deep dive into the architecture of a serverless engine and a
multi-region networking layer and tells the story of how a team built
its own global deployment engine. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CONFESSIONS OF A MIDDLE-CLASS FOUNDER (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/venture-capital-backed-startup-founder-confessions.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Every founder either wants to be rich, with their wealth in service
of some end, or they want to be king, with the money as a mere
byproduct of trying to make the world the way they want it to be.
Venture capitals are looking for startups with the potential to
generate hundreds of millions of dollars of revenue per year. Most
winners win big because most startups fail. The industry looks down on
bootstrapped companies without scale potential and this prevents some
startups from exiting. 

 INTERNET ARTIFACTS (WEBSITE)
[https://neal.fun/internet-artifacts/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

 This website contains a collection of internet artifacts. Each
artifact is presented with a description of the entry along with the
artifact itself. The collection groups artifacts by year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WIREMOCK CLOUD: MOCK MICROSERVICES, 3RD PARTY APPS, AND INTERNAL APIS
(SPONSOR)
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]


 WireMock Cloud offers swagger support, response templating, stateful
scenarios, and much more.¬†Start now (free for 1,000 mock API calls
per month)
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]


 WHERE ARE ALL THE LAID-OFF SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS GOING? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://devinterrupted.substack.com/p/where-are-all-the-laid-off-software-a41?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Recently laid-off candidates are typically looking to stay in tech -
now is a good time for traditionally non-tech companies to level up
their tech. 

 AI ‚ÄòBREAKTHROUGH‚Äô: NEURAL NET HAS HUMAN-LIKE ABILITY TO
GENERALIZE LANGUAGE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-03272-3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 A newly developed AI model is able to learn new words and use them in
existing and new contexts with human-like performance. 

 CSS PREFERS-REDUCED-TRANSPARENCY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-prefers-reduced-transparency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 prefers-reduced-transparency is a new media query feature in Chrome
118 that adapts interfaces for users who have specified a desire for
reduced transparency in their system preferences. 

 PEP 703 (MAKING THE GLOBAL INTERPRETER LOCK OPTIONAL IN CPYTHON)
ACCEPTANCE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://discuss.python.org/t/pep-703-making-the-global-interpreter-lock-optional-in-cpython-acceptance/37075?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 The transition to make the Global Interpreter Lock optional in
CPython will be gradual and break as little as possible - the
developers will be able to roll back any changes that turn out to be
too disruptive. 

 HOW TO MAKE YOURSELF INTO A LEARNING MACHINE (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/superorganizers/how-to-make-yourself-into-a-learning-machine?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Treat your mind like technology infrastructure - build systems to
optimize your brain. 

 WEB COMPONENTS WILL OUTLIVE YOUR JAVASCRIPT FRAMEWORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakelazaroff.com/words/web-components-will-outlive-your-javascript-framework/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


 Building for longevity requires avoiding using dependencies out of
your control and sticking to standards that won‚Äôt break. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6119441a-73b9-11ee-a868-f53ae5c2d441&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698314440&t=1698317063&s=7833bbfbbac4bc32a7b3e1ff8e3ee00b2854b8f5996b217a5567c38bac705d99].


¬†