# Articles TLDR 17-03-2023

Apple is developing new natural language generation features for
Siri.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3c87c7c6-c49f-11ed-a46a-5db0621c91d1&pt=campaign&t=1679051661&s=fb9ed486abcb44df814e84e4937be77ba29a1ef0df4d5102eb72c4de16afa8bb]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/dev/gitstream/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral-TLDR-gitStream]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-17

EVERY PULL REQUEST IS DIFFERENT…BE MORE EFFICIENT WITH GITSTREAM
(SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/dev/gitstream/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral-TLDR-gitStream]


Add rules to your repo that classify and route each pull request to
the best reviewer. 
gitStream is a new, free tool
[https://linearb.io/dev/gitstream/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral-TLDR-gitStream]
for developers that will apply merge standards to your repos, saving
you time and reducing bugs. Rule examples include: 

	*
Estimated review time labels

	*
Find a code expert (dynamic CODEOWNERS)

	*
Auto-approve safe changes (like Dependabot updates)

It’s time to start evolving your code review process. gitStream
helps dev teams focus on what they want to be doing…coding. Give it
a test.
[https://linearb.io/dev/gitstream/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral-TLDR-gitStream]
Install takes < 2 mins. 

TRY GITSTREAM
[https://linearb.io/dev/gitstream/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Paid%20Referral-TLDR-gitStream] 

📱 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE TESTING NEW SIRI NATURAL LANGUAGE GENERATING FEATURES STARTING
WITH LATEST TVOS UPDATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/03/16/apple-testing-siri-natural-language-generating-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is developing new natural language generation features for Siri.
The project, codenamed 'Bobcat', started testing in the latest tvOS
16.4 beta. Apple is currently using the technology for Siri on Apple
TV for telling jokes and experimenting with timers. The feature is
only available on the Apple TV, and there is no indication yet when it
will be expanded to other Apple operating systems. 

MICROSOFT ANNOUNCES COPILOT: THE AI-POWERED FUTURE OF OFFICE DOCUMENTS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/16/23642833/microsoft-365-ai-copilot-word-outlook-teams?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has announced an AI-powered assistant for its Microsoft 365
apps and services. Copilot is designed to assist users with creating
content, answering questions, and to provide information such as
upcoming meetings, organizational changes, and updates on co-workers.
While Copilot is not always correct, it can create a context for users
to work within Microsoft 365 apps. Copilot is currently undergoing
trials with 20 customers and is expected to be expanded in the coming
months. 

🚀 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AI IMAGER MIDJOURNEY V5 STUNS WITH PHOTOREALISTIC IMAGES—AND
5-FINGERED HANDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/ai-imager-midjourney-v5-stuns-with-photorealistic-images-and-5-fingered-hands/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Midjourney has released version 5 of its AI image generation service.
The new version produces photorealistic images considered by some art
fans as too perfect. It includes improvements in realistic skin
textures, facial features, cinema lighting, reflections, glares,
shadows, and hand and eye replication. Midjourney v5 offers a wider
stylistic range, more prompt sensitivity, less unwanted text, and a 2x
enhancement in image resolution. It is available for testing via a
subscription through Discord. 

WORLD’S FIRST MRNA VACCINE AGAINST DEADLY PLAGUE BACTERIA IS 100%
EFFECTIVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/health/mrna-vaccine-plague-bacteria-effective?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from Tel Aviv University and the Israel Institute for
Biological Research have developed the world's first antibiotic-free
vaccine that's 100 percent effective in preventing the plague. This
mRNA-based single-dose vaccine was tested on mice and protected all
vaccinated animals against the disease. Overuse of antibiotics has led
to the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Although
antibiotics are used to treat the plague, these drugs aren't effective
against multiple antibiotic-resistant strains. The researchers are
optimistic that their research will help produce safe and effective
mRNA antibacterial vaccines for other diseases. 

💻 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INTRODUCING REACT.DEV (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://react.dev/blog/2023/03/16/introducing-react-dev?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


React has launched React.dev, a site designed to serve as a hub for
documentation. React.dev teaches modern React with function components
and Hooks through interactive examples, diagrams, illustrations, and
challenges. With over 600 new interactive examples, React.dev will be
a major resource for React developers moving forward. The old React
documentation site is still available. 

ANNOUNCING TYPESCRIPT 5.0 (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-5-0/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


TypeScript 5.0 is now available. It introduces several new features
aimed at making it smaller, simpler, and faster while continuing to
build on JavaScript. The new release also includes enhanced ESM
project support, the ability for library authors to control generic
inference, and expanded JSDoc functions. Configuration has been
simplified and a new decorators standard has been implemented. 

QA WOLF: ZERO-EFFORT QA FOR TEAMS OF 10 TO 10,000 (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service-tldr?utm_campaign=Developer03172023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]


Larger dev and product teams spend hours per sprint on QA. Get that
time back. Let QA Wolf’s in-house experts get you to 80% automated
end-to-end test coverage in 4 months
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Developer17032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
with zero effort on your part.
Fully automated testing, done for you, integrated with your CI/CD.
Written in JS on Playwright (no vendor lock-in). Teams of 10+ devs can
start with a three-month pilot.
[https://www.qawolf.com/lp/qa-as-a-service?utm_campaign=Developer17032023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI IS REVIVING SAN FRANCISCO’S TECH SCENE. WELCOME TO ‘CEREBRAL
VALLEY.’ (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/3vr7c#selection-1137.41-1137.201?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many individuals have flocked to the Bay Area's AI scene to become
more involved in tech-related events and communities. Driven by a
desire to secure their future, they have formed several AI communities
and hacker houses in Hayes Valley. The area has been named 'Cerebral
Valley'. A mix of various factors such as recent Big Tech layoffs, a
return to in-person events following lockdowns, and more accessible
entry requirements have led to the rise of new group houses. 

I’VE BEEN EMPLOYED IN TECH FOR YEARS, BUT I’VE ALMOST NEVER WORKED
(18 MINUTE READ)
[https://emaggiori.com/employed-in-tech-for-years-but-almost-never-worked/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The agile philosophy, which aims to improve software development, is
highly popular in the tech industry. However, following the agile
philosophy leads to task bloating, where the amount of time and
employees required to complete a task is highly exaggerated during
planning sessions. Many organizations have taken the approach of
adopting 'agile recipes', leading to inefficiencies and task bloating
becoming worse. Task bloating has resulted in a phenomenon where many
people in tech do almost no work despite being paid high salaries. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON DOUBLING DOWN ON RETURN TO OFFICE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/amazon-return-to-office/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon expects employees to return to the office at least three days a
week even if they do not live within commuting distance from their
assigned office. 

PYTORCH 2.0: OUR NEXT GENERATION RELEASE THAT IS FASTER, MORE PYTHONIC
AND DYNAMIC AS EVER (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://pytorch.org/blog/pytorch-2.0-release/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


PyTorch 2.0 fundamentally changes how PyTorch operates at compiler
level, with faster performance and support for Dynamic Shapes and
Distributed. 

I GAVE GPT-4 A BUDGET OF $100 AND TOLD IT TO MAKE AS MUCH MONEY AS
POSSIBLE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jacksonfall/status/1636107218859745286?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


HustleGPT created an affiliate marketing site making content around
Eco Friendly/sustainable living products. 

TRANSFORMERS.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/xenova/transformers.js?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Transformers.js allows users to run the following Transformers in
their browsers: BERT, ALBERT, DistilBERT, T5, T5v1.1, FLAN-T5, GPT2,
BART, CodeGen, Whisper, CLIP, Vision Transformer, and
VisionEncoderDecoder. 

FREE DATA-CENTER HEAT IS ALLEGEDLY SAVING A STRUGGLING PUBLIC POOL
$24K A YEAR (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/free-data-center-heat-is-allegedly-saving-a-struggling-public-pool-24k-a-year/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Deep Green's data center will generate around 62% of the public pool's
annual heating needs. 

HUNDREDS OF GOOGLE WORKERS IN ZURICH WALKED OUT AFTER 200 OF THEIR
COLLEAGUES GOT LAID OFF (5 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Oo4RD] 

Google rejected a proposal from thousands of staff who offered to have
their wages and hours reduced to avoid job losses. 

👨‍💻 

JOBS

TLDR - TLDR WEB DEV NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $31,200+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-web-dev-newsletter-curator/401] 

TLDR is hiring a TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator to curate the most
interesting stories in web development 3 nights a week for a web dev
newsletter that already has 200,000 pre-launch sign ups. 

MADDOX AI - FRONTEND DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $50,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/frontend-developer/417] 

Maddox AI is hiring a Frontend Developer to contribute to the
development of a B2B cloud application for an AI-based visual quality
control solution. 

SOURCEGRAPH - SOFTWARE ENGINEER - SOFTWARE ENGINEER - CODE
INTELLIGENCE (FULLY REMOTE, $225,000+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-engineer---code-intelligence/409] 

Sourcegraph is hiring a Software Engineer to help build
compiler-accurate cross-repository IDE level navigation in multiple
languages for a web-based code search and navigation tool for dev
teams. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=3c87c7c6-c49f-11ed-a46a-5db0621c91d1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679047221&t=1679051661&s=c786097d126b8df4568a7de6f55b7419db92ccddb97eb47b7369ab4f7d86bb62].


 