# Articles TLDR 17-02-2023

Meta researchers have revealed Toolformer, an AI language model that
can use external tools such as search engines, calculators, and
calendars.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a20bb234-ae9b-11ed-96f3-35dc43974075&pt=campaign&t=1676635843&s=bd2694d69b6e345627e33065bba1e037230047f113c10b6f1a1f925e660ba497]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-17

FRESH OFF A $200 MILLION SERIES C,¬†DRATA¬†IS READY TO AUTOMATE
SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Drata¬†is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach
to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks ‚Äî potentially saving hundreds
of audit-prepping hours.
Thousands of customers trust¬†Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
[https://tracking.tldrnewsletter.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fdrata.com%2Fpartner%2Ftldr%3Futm_source=tldr%26utm_medium=newsletter%26utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA%26utm_content=request_a_demo%26utm_term=text/2/01000185c4a9a7a4-884ef7bb-5031-445a-807d-b1340bcbe5d1-000000/jj_miobanZx0TzRwEmhNeXV8xhA9KdqE6tggnMfHyWo=284]¬†including
companies such as BambooHR, Notion, and Postman. 354 reviewers on G2
have rated its solution 4.9 on average. And the company recently
raised a $200M Series C at a $2BN valuation.

Want to find out what all the fuss is about? Now‚Äôs your chance. TLDR
readers and community members get 10% off and waived implementation
fees.¬†Claim your exclusive offer now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META DEVELOPS AN AI LANGUAGE BOT THAT CAN USE EXTERNAL SOFTWARE TOOLS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/meta-develops-an-ai-language-bot-that-can-use-external-software-tools/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta researchers have revealed Toolformer, an AI language model that
can use external tools such as search engines, calculators, and
calendars. Toolformer uses APIs to communicate with different
applications. It can decide for itself which tool to use for the
proper context and how to use it. Built on a pre-trained GPT-J model,
Toolformer has the potential to revolutionize natural language
processing and provide solutions to basic tasks such as arithmetic and
fact-checking. 

SUSAN WOJCICKI, GOOGLER NO. 16 AND LONGTIME YOUTUBE CEO, IS STEPPING
DOWN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/02/youtube-ceo-susan-wojcicki-is-stepping-down-after-9-years/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Longtime YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki is stepping down from her role and
leaving Google. Neal Mohan, one of Wojcicki's lieutenants who has been
with Google for 15 years, will step up to the YouTube CEO role.
Wojcicki was Google employee No. 16 and famously rented her parents'
garage to Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin for their first
office. She is credited with the idea of buying YouTube in 2006.
Wojcicki will stay for the 'short term' to help with the transition
and has agreed to serve as an advisor to Google and Alphabet. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BRAIN IMPLANTS LIKE NEURALINK COULD CHANGE YOUR PERSONALITY IN
SURPRISING WAYS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/brain-implants-like-neuralink-could-change-your-personality-in-surprising-ways?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Studies have shown that brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) can cause
changes in personality and expressions of sexuality. Some patients
develop a sense of dependency on their devices. Numerous patients
report feeling like they don't recognize themselves after using BCIs.
It is important to understand these risks before BCIs become widely
used. 

REPROGRAMMING MOUSE MICROBIOMES LEADS TO RECOVERY FROM MS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://newatlas.com/biology/multiple-sclerosis-recovery-microbiome/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers at the University of Virginia have discovered a chemical
regulator called the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor (AHR) while studying
the inflammation-causing mechanisms linked to Multiple Sclerosis (MS).
By switching the AHR off, they were able to reduce inflammation in the
intestines of mice. The findings open up a new pathway for exploring
alternative treatments for MS, as well as allergens, diseases, and
cancer. Further research is needed to understand the implications of
this study for humans. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INQUERY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/inqueryio/inquery?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Inquery is a utility that triggers webhooks in response to changes
made in a Postgres table. It works by sending low-latency websocket
messages to a Go application, which then calls the configured
webhook(s) with a JSON payload that includes values from the database
row. Use cases include sending notifications via Slack, Email, Text
Message or Push Notification, calling serverless functions, triggering
analytics events, and streaming data real-time. 

CAMOME UI (WEBSITE) [https://camome.net/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Camome UI is a lightweight, accessible UI framework for React and CSS
that enables users to build various styles of components without
run-time JavaScript. Users can freely customize the theme using a
well-constructed design system and CSS variables. Camome UI is built
on top of CSS Modules and is free from runtime overhead unlike with
CSS-in-JS. All the components can be aggressively customized. 

DOCKER SECURITY ESSENTIALS BY HACKERSPLOIT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.linode.com/content/hackersploit-docker-security-essentials-ebook/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-q1_newsletters&utm_content=&utm_term=]


This practical guide focuses on securing the Docker platform on Linux
‚Äî from auditing to implementing best practices. Follow along with
the techniques demonstrated in the guide! All you need is a Linux
server with Docker installed and running, and some basic knowledge of
both systems. Download the ebook instantly (2.1MB, no email required)
[https://www.linode.com/content/hackersploit-docker-security-essentials-ebook/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter_sponsorship&utm_campaign=newsletter_sponsorship-tldr-q1_newsletters&utm_content=&utm_term=]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDE META‚ÄôS PUSH TO SOLVE THE NOISY OFFICE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/6xbCY?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta has developed a new cubicle dubbed 'The Cube'. The
noise-canceling cubicle uses principles of anechoic chambers to reduce
sound levels by up to 20 decibels. Meta created the contraption in
response to the need for offices to adapt to the new hybrid era of
work. The Cube provides workers with a distraction-free environment,
shielding them from their peers and allowing for heads-down,
uninterrupted work. Pictures of the Cube are available in the article.


RISE OF 'ZOMBIE' VCS HAUNTS TECH INVESTORS AS PLUNGING VALUATIONS
HAMMER THE INDUSTRY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/16/rise-of-zombie-vcs-haunts-tech-investors-as-startup-valuations-plunge.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Many venture capital (VC) firms will be unable to raise their next
fund. This is due to a sharp slide in technology valuations,
increasing interest rates, and fears of a recession. A 'zombie' VC
firm is one which, while still managing its portfolio, is unable to
write new checks to founders. It is predicted that hundreds of firms
will become zombie VCs in the next few years. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SERVERLESS GPU COMPUTE - PAY PER SECOND (SPONSOR)
[https://www.runpod.io/serverless-gpu?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230217]


Autoscale your custom GPU workloads with industry-leading low
cold-start times at highly competitive pricing with RunPod. Start from
$0.00025/second
[https://www.runpod.io/serverless-gpu?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230217]


PROGRAMMING AIS WORRY ME (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/programming-ais-worry-me/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI-assisted coding changes programmers' roles from writing code to
proofreading code, and proofreading code is hard. 

IOS 16.4 WILL LET WEB APPS ON YOUR HOMESCREEN SEND PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/16/23603042/apple-push-notifications-web-apps-ios-ipados-safari-16-4-beta-webkit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Home Screen web apps will be able to request permission for push
notifications as long as the request is in response to direct user
interaction. 

RACTOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/slawlor/ractor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

ractor is a pure-Rust actor framework with the speed and performance
of Rust. 

HOW SHOULD AI SYSTEMS BEHAVE, AND WHO SHOULD DECIDE? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/how-should-ai-systems-behave/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses how ChatGPT's behavior is shaped, the plans to
improve its default behavior, and OpenAI's efforts to get more public
input in its decision-making. 

GEO ASSIST (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/thegeekyasian/geo-assist?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Geo Assist is a library for managing spatial data in-memory. 

WE GET SO DISTRACTED ONLINE TODAY CONSTANTLY CONTEXT SWITCHING (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/joshm/status/1626253319004950532?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Peek is a new feature on the Arc browser that allows users to view
what they need and move on without any tabs. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

JUSTWORKS - SENIOR ENGINEERING MANAGER, DATA SERVICES (NEW YORK CITY,
NEW YORK, $235,000 - $270,250)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-engineering-manager%2C-data-services/306]


Justworks is hiring a Senior Engineering Manager to develop a team of
data engineers and work closely with data scientists and various data
stakeholders for a data-driven business that handles the nitty-gritty
of payroll, benefits, compliance, and HR. 

EDGECASE - FRONT END DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $90,000 - $120,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/front-end-developer/305] 

EdgeCase is hiring a Front End Developer to develop graphic user
interfaces for a startup focused on bringing access to affordable
digital content to people and locations without connectivity. 

GOOD PAIR DAIRS - BUSINESS ANALYST (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/business-analyst/309] 

Good Pair Dairs is hiring a Business Analyst to support
decision-making by providing data-driven insights and recommendations
for one of the most innovative wine retailers in the world. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=a20bb234-ae9b-11ed-96f3-35dc43974075&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676631621&t=1676635843&s=d14f7485f50954d2b6ba56b8fa4c3b23085931824f409e5d8a01243964515c75].


¬†