# Articles TLDR 31-08-2023

OpenAI is reportedly on track to generate more than $1 billion in
revenue over the next 12 months¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6e61d8f6-47d3-11ee-82a5-f3df4abc7289&pt=campaign&t=1693478628&s=11e5c8745f1627ccd5b1e6bb174c368179f1efe8fc50a7eacc5a88997ff04ca5]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-08-31

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

OPENAI REPORTEDLY NEARS $1 BILLION IN ANNUAL SALES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90946849/openai-chatgpt-reportedly-nears-1-billion-annual-sales?partner=rss&utm_source=feedly&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=rss+fastcompany&utm_content=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI is reportedly on track to generate more than $1 billion in
revenue over the next 12 months. The company is estimated to be
currently generating more than $80 million per month in revenue. It
generated $28 million for all of last year. The higher-than-expected
revenue estimates raise questions about the accuracy of OpenAI's most
recent valuation of around $28 billion. OpenAI's launch of an
enterprise version of ChatGPT will further boost revenue. 

GOOGLE PIXEL 8: ALL OF THE LEAKS AND RUMORS SO FAR (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/30/23852507/google-pixel-8-pro-rumors-leaks-camera-display?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

It looks like Google is gearing up for its October hardware event.
This page contains a collection of articles with leaked information
about the upcoming line of Pixel phones. The Pixel launch event is set
for October 4. Updates to the devices include a revamped camera app
UI, Audio Magic Eraser, and a way to sharpen blurry videos. It appears
that the first leaks about the device were from Google itself. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NEW GPU POWER CONNECTOR ELIMINATES CABLES, DELIVERS MORE THAN 600W (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tomshardware.com/news/new-gpu-power-connector-eliminates-cables-delivers-more-than-600w?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A new customized HPCE power connection standard aimed at delivering
supplementary GPU power through the motherboard has been unveiled. It
can deliver more than 600W of power to the graphics card. There is no
stated upper limit, but the documentation for the standard stresses
the necessity of delivering more than 600W of power to support future
graphics cards. The standard likely won't experience reliability
issues as the design is a modification of an existing standard used
heavily in the server industry. 

WHY DID SPACEX GIVE UP ON ‚ÄúCATCHING‚Äù FALLING FAIRINGS? ITS VP OF
LAUNCH EXPLAINS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/spacexs-vp-of-launch-shares-the-companys-special-algorithm-for-innovation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX's success in landing and reusing the first stage of its Falcon
9 rockets has led to significant savings in time and money. Recovery
of the second stage was determined to be unfeasible, so it started
focusing on recovering and refurbishing the rocket's payload fairings.
SpaceX uses a simple system to recover the fairings, which are rapidly
refurbished and ready for additional launches within weeks. SpaceX now
has more fairings than it has space to store them. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MICROSOFT IS DISCONTINUING VISUAL STUDIO FOR MAC AFTER MAJOR OVERHAUL
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/30/microsoft-visual-studio-mac-discontinued/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft has announced plans to discontinue Visual Studio for Mac
after August 2024. The company will redirect its resources to optimize
Visual Studio and VS Code for cross-platform development. Microsoft
will provide Visual Studio for Mac with security updates and platform
update compatibility for the next 12 months. It will also provide
runtimes, workload updates, and unofficial rudimentary support for
.NET 8 in Visual Studio for Mac. 

GOING BEYOND THE MAP: INTRODUCING ENVIRONMENT APIS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/maps-platform/going-beyond-map-introducing-environment-apis?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is expanding what developers can do with its Maps Platform,
allowing them to build experiences that pave the way for a sustainable
future. It has introduced a new suite of Environment APIs to help
developers build sustainability tools, share actionable insights, and
encourage people to adapt to new environmental realities. The Solar
API helps solar companies address solar viability and design, while
the Air Quality and Pollen APIs help companies better understand
climate and environmental changes. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WE ANALYZED MILLIONS OF CHATGPT USER SESSIONS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://sparktoro.com/blog/we-analyzed-millions-of-chatgpt-user-sessions-visits-are-down-29-since-may-programming-assistance-is-30-of-use/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses data around OpenAI and ChatGPT traffic. OpenAI
traffic has declined around 29% since May. Around 29% of ChatGPT
prompts are related to programming, while education accounted for
around 10% of all use cases. Other use cases include writing
assistance, content creation, and creative ideation. Charts showing
data on how people use ChatGPT are available. 

3 KEY TIPS FOR MAXIMUM IMPACT, AND WHAT DO BIG TECH ENGINEERS EVEN DO?
(17 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.devmoh.co/p/3-key-tips-for-maximum-impact?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A tweet about how numerous talented people who have worked years at a
FAANG company don't have much to show for it recently went viral. It
sparked a discussion about whether it is possible to make an impact in
Big Tech. This article presents three strategies for making an impact
in any company no matter what size. It covers what Big Tech engineers
actually work on and the pros and cons of working in Big Tech vs
startups. It is possible to make an impact anywhere. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COMPRESS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/eschluntz/compress?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Compress is a tool for automatically creating typing shortcuts from a
corpus of your own writing. 

LEAKED MICROSOFT MEMO TELLS MANAGERS NOT TO USE BUDGET CUTS AS AN
EXPLAINER FOR LACK OF PAY RISES: ‚ÄòREINFORCE THAT EVERY YEAR OFFERS
UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY FOR IMPACT‚Äô (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/leaked-microsoft-memo-tells-managers-144817183.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has warned staff of salary freezes and
cuts to the bonus budget. 

HOW TO PASS A CODING INTERVIEW WITH ME (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://robertheaton.com/interview/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A guide on passing coding interviews from someone who has given more
than 400 coding interviews over the last decade. 

KDASH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kdash-rs/kdash?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

KDash is a simple and fast dashboard for Kubernetes that features node
metrics, resource watching, custom resource definitions, streamed
container logs, dark/light themes, and more. 

VPN RELATIONSHIP MAP (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://windscribe.com/vpnmap?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This page contains a map that shows the relationship between VPN
companies, their corporate owners, and paid affiliates who profit from
reviewing them positively. 

MACCARONE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bsilverthorn/maccarone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Maccarone allows developers to mark sections of Python programs for AI
to take ownership of. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto], and
WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6e61d8f6-47d3-11ee-82a5-f3df4abc7289&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693476018&t=1693478628&s=107f65a71174230314dc287143523d69304e8b573ce8580caea15cadb841169a].

¬†