# Articles TLDR 15-08-2023

Netflix has started the first public tests of its cloud-streamed
games¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e679b06-3b43-11ee-8bf4-81541cd7910d&pt=campaign&t=1692096471&s=77fb040fe33eb9d05c5b709e133097f694f68d5770d6b7edb65cb26010d5cabc]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-08-15

WANT TO BE PART OF TLDR? (TLDR JOB)

Hey everyone, TLDR is hiring an Enterprise Sales Director with
experience in software or media sales to join our fully remote team of
six to lead the next phase of our revenue growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Responsibilities include building relationships with enterprise
partners and marketing agencies and handling complex sales.

Total compensation including commission will be between $150,000 -
$250,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a good
fit.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

NETFLIX FINALLY STREAMS VIDEO GAMES, TOO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/14/23829262/netflix-cloud-gaming-testing-tv-web?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Netflix has started the first public tests of its cloud-streamed
games. Subscribers in Canada and the UK will soon be able to stream
Netflix games to select TVs, connected TV devices, and browsers. The
two games currently available are Oxenfree and a new title called
Molehew's Mining Adventure, a gem-mining arcade game. Players control
games on their TVs using their smartphones. A list of compatible
devices is available in the article. 

APPARENT IMAGES & SPECS OF SAMSUNG HEADSET PROTOTYPE LEAK (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.uploadvr.com/samsung-prototype-headset-images-leak/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Images and specs of a prototype Samsung headset have been leaked. The
XR headset uses a new variant of Android. It will reportedly feature
four tracking cameras, pancake lenses, dual RGB cameras for color
passthrough, a depth sensor, OLED microdisplays, and Samsung's own
Exynos 2200 chip. It doesn't have tracked controllers, using hand
tracking and eye interaction instead. The headset will likely be in
the $1,000-$2,000 range. The leaked images are available in the
article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SPACEX FALCON HEAVY WILL LAUNCH NASA'S $985 MILLION PSYCHE MISSION
TOWARDS A METAL-RICH ASTEROID IN OCTOBER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tesmanian.com/blogs/tesmanian-blog/psyche-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

NASA's Psych mission is gearing up for an early October launch. The
$985 million mission involves sending an orbiter to rendezvous with
the 16 Psych asteroid, which is believed to hold approximately $10,000
quadrillion dollars worth of nickel and iron. It was discovered in
1852 and has a diameter of about 140 miles. If everything runs on
schedule, the Psych spacecraft will arrive at the asteroid in around
six years. 

VIRUSES CAUSE 200+ DISEASES. THIS ONE DRUG MAY BE ABLE TO TREAT THEM
ALL (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/health/broad-spectrum-antiviral?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A New Zealand-based startup, Kimer Med, is trying to develop a
broad-spectrum antiviral. Its current strategy involves targeting a
factor in human cells to attack a wide variety of viruses. Kimer's
technology triggers a process that kills targeted cells upon
detection. While it has shown promise in the lab, the company still
has to prove that it works in animals and humans. A broad-spectrum
antiviral would save tens of millions of lives and trillions of
dollars over the coming decades. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

AI TOWN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a16z-infra/ai-town?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI Town is a virtual town where AI characters live and interact with
each other. This repository contains a deployable starter kit for
easily building and customizing a version of AI Town. The project was
inspired by a research paper. It aims to provide a platform with a
strong foundation that is meant to be extended. 

OUTLINES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/normal-computing/outlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Outlines is a library for neural text generation. It helps developers
guide text generation to build robust interfaces with external
systems. Outlines is compatible with all models. It can be used as a
more flexible replacement for the generate method in the transformers
library. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDE THE DECLINE OF STACK EXCHANGE (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thediff.co/archive/inside-the-decline-of-stack-exchange/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Stack Exchange's library of knowledge is under a Creative Commons
license, which means that anyone can use it in any way, even for
commercial purposes. A large chunk of its programming-specific data
was ingested by AI models. This article looks at Stack Exchange usage
and how the introduction of generative AI to the public has affected
trends. 

MY EVERYDAY LLM USES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/my-everyday-llm-uses?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at everyday uses for large language models outside
of coding or professional work. The list includes using the models for
sorting grocery lists, summarizing book notes, dictionary lookup,
turning tasks into subtasks, and as an editor. The article also looks
at some of the things that large language models aren't as useful for
- generating names, brainstorming, and writing fiction novels. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STOP MANUALLY FIXING CUSTOMER DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=51955241]

OneSchema¬†is a ready-made CSV importer for developers ‚Äî which
automatically corrects customer data. (Also: edge case handling,
simple UI, bulk editing.) See how¬†OneSchema¬†works
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=51955241]


REAL ESTATE MARKETS SCRAMBLE FOLLOWING CYBERATTACK ON LISTINGS
PROVIDER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/5-days-on-cyberattack-on-data-provider-stymies-realty-markets-throughout-the-us/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Rapottoni, a company that supplies multiple listing services to
regional real estate groups nationwide in the US, was likely hit by a
ransomware attack. 

I HAD A SEVERAL HOUR CONVERSATION WITH THE MICROSOFT AZURE AI VP,
HERE'S WHAT THEY HAD TO SAY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/singularity/comments/15pskoo/i_had_a_several_hour_conversation_with_the/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This Reddit post contains a summary of important points from a
conversation with a VP on the Microsoft team responsible for the
development of the company's AI tools on AI technologies currently
under development, the future of the job market, public policy
surrounding AI, predictions for the future, and more. 

NON-THOUGHTS ON THE OPEN SOURCE INITIATIVE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://yakshav.es/non-thoughts-on-the-osi/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While the Open Source Initiative is uniquely positioned to guide
discussions on open source and free software, the organization has
ties to many companies and its behavior is centered around ease of use
for multinational companies rather than developers. 

WRITE ABOUT WHAT YOU LEARN. IT PUSHES YOU TO UNDERSTAND TOPICS BETTER
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://addyosmani.com/blog/write-learn/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Writing exposes gaps in knowledge that only become clear when
explaining things to others. 

WHAT EXACTLY ARE THE ECONOMICS OF AI? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://garymarcus.substack.com/p/what-exactly-are-the-economics-of?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article takes a look at whether AI companies can be profitable
and whether the astronomical valuations for generative AI companies
are justified. 

HUMANE WILL SHARE MORE ABOUT ITS MYSTERIOUS ‚ÄòAI PIN‚Äô THE SAME DAY
AS OCTOBER‚ÄôS ECLIPSE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/14/23831756/humane-ai-pin-october-solar-eclipse?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

More details about Humane's mysterious Ai Pin, a device that can
apparently replace a smartphone, will be announced on October 14. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e679b06-3b43-11ee-8bf4-81541cd7910d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692093628&t=1692096471&s=33469150c43f008551a6825e7d02f369b26130554631fe88a7298e218e65bdaa].