# Articles TLDR 21-08-2023

Google will delete user accounts that havent signed in for more than
two years starting in December.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e905d7e-4003-11ee-9b7e-fd7e19af8d08&pt=campaign&t=1692614779&s=130af74426f47257c5e3c05ac0f5263ec8fd353785813d99b4728057d5cbc1dd]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-08-21

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE‚ÄôS PLAN TO PURGE INACTIVE ACCOUNTS ISN‚ÄôT SITTING WELL WITH
SOME USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/19/google-faces-criticism-of-plan-to-purge-inactive-accounts.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google will delete user accounts that haven't signed in for more than
two years starting in December. It claims the move is for security
reasons, but the company is currently in cost-cutting mode. Some
people have criticized Google for not making its communications more
clear. The new policy doesn't apply to schools or businesses using
Google accounts or paying subscribers. 

META'S NEXT BIG OPEN SOURCE AI DUMP WILL REPORTEDLY BE A
CODE-GENERATING BOT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/metas-set-to-drop-a-code-generating-ai-bot-1850751208?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta's next AI release will reportedly be a coding machine. It may be
released as soon as next week. Code Llama will be open source and
available for free. It will be based on Llama and suggest code to
developers automatically as they type. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

I TRY SYNTHETIC SALMON AND ENTER THE ‚ÄúUNCANNY VALLEY‚Äù OF TASTE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/culture/2023/08/i-try-synthetic-salmon-and-enter-the-uncanny-valley-of-taste/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


New School Foods is a Toronto-based startup that has been developing a
salmon substitute with the same taste and texture as the real thing.
The company aims to see its products enthusiastically adopted by
non-vegans. New School treated several journalists to a tasting dinner
in late June. This article details what the experience was like and
how New School creates the plant-based substitute along with some
photos. 

HOW MODERNITY MADE US ALLERGIC (43 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.noemamag.com/modernity-has-made-us-allergic/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Allergies have grown worse over the last few decades. The number of
allergy sufferers is likely to continue growing. There are multiple
theories about the causes. The environment and the makeup of our nose,
gut, and skin microbiomes have a large role in influencing the rise of
allergies. This article looks at how modern living is likely at the
root of the recent rise in allergies. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

TYPESCRIPT IS SURPRISINGLY OK FOR COMPILERS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://matklad.github.io/2023/08/17/typescript-is-surprisingly-ok-for-compilers.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


TypeScript might actually be OK as a compiler. This post walks readers
through an experiment in writing a tiny typechecker in TypeScript.
TypeScript is surprisingly productive due to its great tooling and how
powerful the language is at runtime and compile time. It allows
developers to get fancy with types yet also be dynamic if they want to
use high-order code. 

TYPESTAT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/JoshuaKGoldberg/TypeStat?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


TypeStat converts JavaScript into TypeScript and modifies TypeScript
types in existing code. It can add and remove types without changing
runtime behavior. It can also infer types and annotate missing nulls
and undefineds. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

META THREATENS TO FIRE WORKERS FOR RETURN-TO-OFFICE INFRACTIONS IN
LEAKED MEMO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sfgate.com/tech/article/meta-threatens-return-to-office-layoffs-18303435.php?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta told employees that repeated violations of the new
three-day-a-week office attendance requirement could cause them to
lose their jobs. The new rule goes into effect on September 5.
Employees averaged 2.2 days a week in the office in June. Those who
were hired on a remote work arrangement are allowed to stay fully
remote as long as they don't come into the office more than four times
every two months outside major events. 

NEW INTEL GPU DRIVERS HELP ADDRESS ONE OF ARC‚ÄôS BIGGEST REMAINING
WEAK POINTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2023/08/intel-brags-about-directx-performance-improvements-in-latest-arc-gpu-drivers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Intel has put a lot of work into improving its Arc drivers since they
launched around a year ago. It has just released several improvements
to its DirectX 11 drivers. Several games now run about 19% faster on
average than they did last October. The improvements make Arc GPUs
almost as performative as the GeForce RTX 3060 in DirectX 11 games,
but they are more than competitive in DirectX 12 games. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

YC LIBRARY (WEBSITE)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/library/search?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The YC Library contains videos, podcasts, and essays for startup
founders. 

WHY YOU (PROBABLY) DON‚ÄôT NEED TO FINE-TUNE AN LLM (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tidepool.so/2023/08/17/why-you-probably-dont-need-to-fine-tune-an-llm/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A base model is sufficient and adaptable to most use cases. 

RUSSIA‚ÄôS FIRST LUNAR MISSION IN DECADES CRASHES INTO THE MOON (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/08/20/world/luna-25-spacecraft-moon-collision-intl/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Russia's Luna 25 spacecraft crashed into the Moon after communication
was interrupted - it had reported an emergency situation the day
before as it was trying to enter a pre-landing orbit. 

SHORT SESSION EXPIRATION DOES NOT HELP SECURITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sjoerdlangkemper.nl/2023/08/16/session-timeout/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Session tokens are pretty secure and attacks that are prevented by
short session timeouts are really rare. 

AMAZON RELIES ON ‚ÄòSERENDIPITY‚Äô FOR OFFICE RETURN; EMPLOYEES WANT
DATA (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seattletimes.com/business/amazon/amazon-relies-on-serendipity-for-office-return-employees-want-data/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The head of Amazon's cloud computing business told employees to think
about the serendipitous things that could happen when returning to
office rather than give them data to back up the decision to require
workers to come back to the office, saying that such data was hard to
come by. 

ASK VS GUESS CULTURE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://jeanhsu.substack.com/p/ask-vs-guess-culture?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Guess culture stops working at some point - leaning into ask culture
will help you get more out of situations. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e905d7e-4003-11ee-9b7e-fd7e19af8d08&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692612078&t=1692614779&s=8128c4f1308da5ecbdd2ba6ac0fefce1765f46014f8334b066ef3ab0f4f6b769].
¬†¬†