# Articles TLDR 11-08-2023

Virgin Galactics first tourists rocketed to the edge of space on
Thursday.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=21c8cd9e-381d-11ee-88f4-89533f2bc7e6&pt=campaign&t=1691750764&s=5e25ef52d4dacd2508a737b68977b7ecd11c6454a8a30cb67c1636d1ef0f3c15]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-08-11

WANT TO BE PART OF TLDR? (TLDR JOB) 

Hey everyone, TLDR is hiring an Enterprise Sales Director with
experience in software or media sales to join our fully remote team of
six to lead the next phase of our revenue growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Responsibilities include building relationships with enterprise
partners and marketing agencies and handling complex sales.

Total compensation including commission will be between $150,000 -
$250,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a good
fit.

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

VIRGIN GALACTIC‚ÄôS FIRST SPACE TOURISTS FINALLY SOAR, AN OLYMPIAN AND
A MOTHER-DAUGHTER DUO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://apnews.com/article/virgin-galactic-tourist-spaceflight-branson-4c0904e4f222bd1aa4194c1a43777dd2?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Virgin Galactic's first tourists rocketed to the edge of space on
Thursday. The tourists were a former British Olympian who bought his
ticket 18 years ago and a mother-daughter duo from the Caribbean.
Virgin Galactic can now start offering monthly rides. There are
currently about 800 people on Virgin Galactic's waiting list, with
tickets costing $450,000. Photos from the flight are available in the
article. 

CEO CLAIMS X, FORMERLY TWITTER, IS CLOSE TO ‚ÄòBREAK EVEN‚Äô (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/10/ceo-says-x-formerly-twitter-is-close-to-break-even/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


X CEO Linda Yaccarino claims that the company is almost breaking even.
Yaccarino has been at the company for eight weeks. X has been facing
financial struggles for several months. It is still facing many
outstanding payments and multiple lawsuits over not paying rent for
office spaces in several countries. Yaccarino says that she has
witnessed Elon Musk training for the cage fight with Mark Zuckerberg. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

EXPERIMENTAL INSULIN IMPLANT USES ELECTRICITY TO CONTROL GENES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02461-4?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have generated cells that undergo a chain reaction that
ultimately switches on a gene needed to make insulin when stimulated
by a small electric current. The researchers implanted the engineered
cells into mice and demonstrated that the cells released insulin when
a current was applied using electrified acupuncture needles. They hope
to adapt the system into wearable medical devices controlled by a
computer or smartphone. The same technique could be used to target
genetic diseases by implanting cells that deliver crucial proteins. 

MOON ROCKET BLASTS OFF, CARRYING RUSSIA‚ÄôS HOPE OF FIRST SUCCESSFUL
LUNAR LANDING SINCE 1976 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/aug/10/russia-lunar-landing-mission-luna-25-moon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An unmanned Russian rocket launched to the Moon in the early hours of
this morning. Russia is hoping the Luna-25 mission will be its first
successful moon landing mission in nearly 50 years. The lunar landing
craft is expected to arrive at the Moon in about five days. It will
seek to land near the south pole of the Moon and collect geological
samples from the area and send back data for signs of water or its
building blocks. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

RETAKE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/getretake/retake?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Retake is a hybrid search for Postgres. It accelerates the development
of AI applications that require searching, matching, or analyzing
database documents by connecting directly to Postgres. Retake can
manage separate vector stores and text search engines, upload and
embed documents, and reindex data. It ensures that indexed data is
always kept in sync and it updates the embedding/vector representation
of data behind the scenes whenever data is changed. 

THINGS YOU FORGOT (OR NEVER KNEW) BECAUSE OF REACT (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://joshcollinsworth.com/blog/antiquated-react#scaling-isnt-really-a-frontend-concern-anymore?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Most people have experienced finding something great beyond the
popular defaults. People are shutting themselves off from great things
without even realizing it because they aren't trying to find better
things beyond familiar boundaries. This applies to tools and
workflows, just as much as it does to any other area of life. This
article looks at how React is the new default framework and how many
people who use it on a regular basis don't realize how much it has
fallen behind other tools. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HIDDEN FORCES AND SLIDING SCREENS TRICK THE SENSES TO MAKE VR FEEL
MORE REAL (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/10/hidden-forces-and-sliding-screens-trick-the-senses-to-make-vr-feel-more-real/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The next big thing in VR may be an experience augmented by physical
sensations that trick senses into mistaking the virtual for reality.
Several companies and research teams recently presented
next-generation VR technologies at SIGGRAPH, a conference that shows
off the latest in VFX, virtual production, and motion capture hardware
and software. This article takes a look at some of the technologies
presented at the conference, including an experimental VR headset by
Meta that physically slides the device's displays closer to users'
eyes when they look at closer objects, controllers that can shift
their center of gravity, and a new method of simulating the feeling of
touch in the fingertips. 

ARE REPORTS OF STACKOVERFLOW‚ÄôS FALL GREATLY EXAGGERATED? (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/are-reports-of-stackoverflows-fall-exaggerated/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A recent post by a machine learning engineer analyzed Stack Overflow's
website data and concluded that the site had lost about 50% of its
traffic. The data turned out to not account for a Google Analytics
change, which if accounted for would have resulted in a drop of 35%.
Stack Overflow says that it has seen an average of around 5% less
traffic compared to 2022. Q&A traffic is definitely down. The company
has an opportunity to compete against AI by offering tools for
companies to utilize its internal knowledge bases. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

U.S. BANS FUTURE INVESTMENTS IN CHINESE AI, SEMICONDUCTOR, AND QUANTUM
COMPUTING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tomshardware.com/news/us-order-bans-future-investments-in-chinese-ai-semiconductor-and-quantum-computing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The ban aims to prevent US resources from aiding China's technological
and military growth - China says it will disrupt economic cooperation
and trade. 

THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY LOOKS A LOT LIKE...PIXAR? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/the-future-of-technology-looks-a?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=38500&post_id=135749920&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The road towards more immersive, three-dimensional content will be
paved with bricks laid down by Pixar's three decades of cutting-edge
computer animation. 

A SENIOR ENGINEER/EM JOB SEARCH STORY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/a-senior-engineer-em-job-search-story/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This interview with a software engineer based in New York with more
than 15 years of experience looks at how they navigated the job market
after being impacted by the industry-wide job cuts earlier this year. 

NEW RECORD FOR DISNEY+: SHEDS 11.7 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS; PASSWORD
CRACKDOWN COMING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/tonifitzgerald/2023/08/09/new-record-for-disney-sheds-117-million-subscribers-password-crackdown-coming/?sh=7ff0a7051d7b?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Disney will start cracking down on password sharing in 2024 as its
executives see it as a real chance to grow the business. 

RESEARCHERS WATCHED 100 HOURS OF HACKERS HACKING HONEYPOT COMPUTERS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/09/researchers-watched-100-hours-of-hackers-hacking-honeypot-computers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Two researchers set up a large network of computers with remote
control vulnerabilities and recorded 190 million events and 100 hours
of video footage of hackers taking control of the servers and
performing a series of actions on them. 

PGAUDIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/pgaudit/pgaudit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This PostgreSQL extension provides detailed session and/or object
audit logging via the standard PostgreSQL logging facility. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=21c8cd9e-381d-11ee-88f4-89533f2bc7e6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691748078&t=1691750764&s=66fb63650298b878832cf8ae2da89fd5f5a1fc8616359cd848b2ab85a645e85d].