# Articles TLDR 02-10-2023

Details about Samsungs Galaxy S24 devices, expected to be out in early
2024, have been leaked¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d97f15b8-60fb-11ee-975d-e9027eafcf04&pt=campaign&t=1696243574&s=5b4926542a930221075cf69f7a4814182e6ecb6dd8a19f8631a9f8e665c24077]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023]

TLDR 2023-10-02

AI IS ABOUT TO MAKE SMART HOMES EVEN SMARTER, PRESENTING A UNIQUE
OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS (SPONSOR)
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023]

Is now the best time to invest in smart home startups
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023]?
Consumers are enthusiastically adopting smart home technologies; Big
tech has been eager to acquire startups in this space (Ring: $1.2B,
Amazon; Nest: $3.2B, Google); and Recent advancements in AI
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023] are about to
accelerate everything

RYSE [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023] is the
tech firm that‚Äôs poised to dominate the Smart Shades market (growing
at 55% CAGR), and their public $1.25/share offering is opening for a
limited time [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023]!

Using advanced sensors and AI, RYSE converts manual shades into
automated shades to maximize energy savings ‚Äî up to 24% on cooling
and lighting in commercial buildings.

Soon to hit +100 Best Buy stores. Learn how you can invest today.
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,10-02-2023]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GALAXY S24 LEAKS SHOW SAMSUNG‚ÄôS USUAL LOVE FOR THE IPHONE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/galaxy-s24-leaks-show-samsungs-usual-love-for-the-iphone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Details about Samsung's Galaxy S24 devices, expected to be out in
early 2024, have been leaked. The CAD-derived renders for the S24
Ultra, S24, and S24 Plus show the important parts of the device down
to the millimeter. The Plus and base models will share a design that
features a flat metal band that wraps around the perimeter. The Ultra
version has the same Ultra design used since the S22. It is rumored to
have a Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 SoC, a 5000 mAh battery, and 2TB of max
storage. 

APPLE CONSIDERS HUGE BID FOR GLOBAL FORMULA 1 STREAMING RIGHTS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/09/30/apple-formula-1-tv-sports-deal/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is rumored to be eyeing Formula 1 as its next big sports
investment. The company is reportedly considering an offer worth about
$2 billion per year that would make it the exclusive streaming rights
holder of Formula 1 racing. Apple will not be able to secure global
rights for a while due to existing contracts. The company is also
rumored to be considering deals with various other sports leagues,
including the NBA, English Premier League, and NFL Sunday Ticket. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

INSIDE THE SMALL WORLD OF SIMULATING OTHER WORLDS (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://undark.org/2023/09/20/inside-the-small-world-of-simulating-other-worlds/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Space scientists study the physiology and psychology of people living
in the Antarctic and other remote outposts due to their similarities
with other worlds. There are around 20 analog space facilities around
the world that host volunteers for isolation studies over weeks or
months in polar stations, desert outposts, and even sealed habitats
inside NASA centers. The research helps scientists test medical and
software tools, enhance indoor agriculture, and address the
difficulties analog astronauts face. 

HOW RESEARCHERS REMADE ‚ÄòTHE WORLD‚ÄôS MOST WIDELY USED
PETROCHEMICAL‚Äô ‚Äì WITHOUT USING FOSSIL FUELS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/whats-possible-ask-toronto/2023/sep/29/how-researchers-remade-the-worlds-most-widely-used-petrochemical-without-using-fossil-fuels?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Ethylene, the world's most widely produced and used petrochemical, is
used to make products lightweight, durable, or waterproof.
Conventional ethylene production releases enormous amounts of
greenhouse gasses. CERT Systems Inc. has developed a technology that
removes fossil fuels from the process of producing ethylene. The
technology works at ambient temperatures, uses renewable energy, and
produces no harmful emissions. CERT's process could be used to make
other carbon-based building block chemicals. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE WITH FULLY AUTOMATED END-TO-END TEST COVERAGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye10022023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye10022023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets web apps to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4
months. They are a tech-enabled service that creates and maintains
your test suite in open-source Playwright (no vendor lock-in, you own
the code) and provides unlimited parallel test runs on their
infrastructure.
What's better is QA Wolf offers test coverage at a significantly lower
cost than trying to build, run, and maintain it in-house. They have
multiple case studies of customers saving at least $200k/year in QA
engineering and infrastructure costs. Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye10022023&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn more.

DATABASE MIGRATIONS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/database-migrations/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Database migrations can be one of the most annoying problems to deal
with for a software engineer. There are a ton of things to consider
when doing database migrations. This article discusses the
complexities that arise during database migrations. It covers why they
can be hard, why nobody wants to work with them, different scenarios,
downtime, and more. The article concludes with a list of best
practices. 

CSS SOLVES AUTO-EXPANDING TEXTAREAS (PROBABLY, EVENTUALLY) (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://chriscoyier.net/2023/09/29/css-solves-auto-expanding-textareas-probably-eventually/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

CSS has implemented auto-expanding textareas. It is already available
in the Chrome Canary with the web experiments flag enabled. It is
unknown whether the feature will be usable across all browsers or if
it will ship in the same format. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE 5 WEIRDEST SAM BANKMAN-FRIED STORIES MICHAEL LEWIS TOLD TO '60
MINUTES' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.morningstar.com/news/marketwatch/20231001244/the-5-weirdest-sam-bankman-fried-stories-michael-lewis-told-to-60-minutes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sam Bankman-Fried apparently wanted to pay Donald Trump not to run for
president. He played a video game during his first TV interview.
Bankman-Fried was friends with Tom Brady, who reportedly adored him.
He was invited to sponsor the Met Gala as a social experiment.
Bankman-Fried faces more than 100 years in prison if convicted. His
biggest fear is potentially losing access to the internet. 

MARK ZUCKERBERG WAS INTERVIEWED IN VR WITH PROTOTYPE PHOTOREALISTIC
AVATARS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uploadvr.com/mark-zuckerberg-lex-fridman-interview-photorealistic-codec-avatars/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta's Codec Avatars is a research project that aims to revolutionize
remote communication using headsets with face-tracking sensors and
eventually glasses. A video was recently released showing Mark
Zuckerberg being interviewed in VR using the technology. The interview
was conducted through a set of Quest Pro headsets, with the
interviewer frequently expressing feelings of disbelief at what they
were experiencing. The video is available in the article. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WE DEVELOPED PYTHON IN EXCEL (REDDIT THREAD)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/excel/comments/16tohx5/we_developed_python_in_excel_one_of_microsoft/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Members of the engineering team that created Python in Excel answer
questions from Reddit users about Python in Excel and Copilot for
Python in Excel. 

THE HUMANE AI PIN MAKES ITS DEBUT ON THE RUNWAY AT PARIS FASHION WEEK
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/30/23897065/humane-ai-pin-coperni-paris-fashion-week?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Pictures of the Humane Ai Pin are available in the article - there
still isn't much yet known about what the device actually does. 

WATCH THIS PENDULUM ROBOT GO 37MPH, CARRY UP TO 100KG OF BOXES (2
MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://twitter.com/AiBreakfast/status/1707869408465395928?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

evoBOT features a design that eliminates the need for an external
counterweight, making it space-saving, lightweight, and permanently
balanced. 

BRUNO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/usebruno/bruno?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bruno is an IDE for exploring and testing APIs. 

MOZILLA'S MIDLIFE CRISIS HAS TAKEN IT FROM WEB PIONEER TO GOOGLE'S
WEIRD NEIGHBOR (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/29/mozilla_asleep_at_wheel/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A look at Mozilla's projects and how the company could be a real
competitor to Google. 

IS AI A PLATFORM SHIFT? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/is-ai-a-platform-shift?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

AI turns the marginal cost of content to zero and drastically changes
workflows, making it likely to be the next dominant layer on which
applications are built. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=d97f15b8-60fb-11ee-975d-e9027eafcf04&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696240966&t=1696243574&s=bd88cadc3bb5df472162d367ebc5b74f8c3c494efe7db3416ca2c25fd01e3d46].