# Articles TLDR 03-10-2023

Chromebook Plus is a new certification to help shoppers identify
high-quality Chromebooks¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e6c17470-61c6-11ee-a691-8b5f395b42a0&pt=campaign&t=1696329903&s=9b8b10009c049fd83337899bde31e815e1b3f5bd3e3a4e2704b4549419dfdad6]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Nylas]
[https://www.nylas.com/state-of-api-developer-experience/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-state-of-devex-guide]

TLDR 2023-10-03

THE STATE OF DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.nylas.com/state-of-api-developer-experience/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-state-of-devex-guide]

Check out this new report by Nylas
[https://www.nylas.com/state-of-api-developer-experience/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-state-of-devex-guide]
on the top trends and tools shaping the experience of developers like
you. Here are a few discoveries:
üí°¬†98% of developers name APIs as a critical tool for getting work
done.

üí°¬†86% of developers expect their use of APIs to increase.

üí°¬†2/3 of developers want their companies to invest in AI workflow
automation.

Get the full report
[https://www.nylas.com/state-of-api-developer-experience/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-state-of-devex-guide]
to discover what else is on the horizon for developers.

Bonus: If you‚Äôre in ecommerce, there‚Äôs an upcoming webinar
[https://info.nylas.com/webinar-nylas-IT-infrastructure-holiday-surge.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-ecommerce-webinar]
you don‚Äôt want to miss. Your checklist to prepare your IT
infrastructure for the holiday traffic surge.
[https://info.nylas.com/webinar-nylas-IT-infrastructure-holiday-surge.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDR-Developer&utm_content=2023-10-03-issue-ecommerce-webinar]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SATYA NADELLA TELLS A COURT THAT BING IS WORSE THAN GOOGLE ‚Äî AND
APPLE COULD FIX IT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/2/23900233/microsoft-ceo-satya-nadella-us-google-antitrust-trial-testimony?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft's Satya Nadella says that a deal to be the exclusive search
provider on Apple devices would be a game-changer for Bing. The
company was prepared to give Apple all of the economic upside of a
deal if Apple were to switch to Bing. It was willing to hide the Bing
brand and respect any of the company's privacy wishes. Microsoft was
willing to make the deal at any cost due to the data it would gain
access to if it became the default search engine for Apple devices.

CHROMEBOOK PLUS IS GOOGLE‚ÄôS NEW CERTIFICATION FOR PREMIUM
CHROMEBOOKS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/2/23897416/google-chromebook-plus-certification-announcement?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chromebook Plus is a new certification to help shoppers identify
high-quality Chromebooks. It will be awarded to laptops that have an
Intel Core i3 or higher or AMD Ryzen 7000 CPU, an iPS panel with at
least 1080p resolution, a 1080p webcam, 8GB of RAM, and 128GB of
storage. Chromebook Plus-certified devices will have access to several
AI-powered features such as a magic eraser tool in Google Photos,
improvements to lighting and noise cancellation in video conferencing,
and Offline File Sync.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HOW OPEN-SOURCE SOFTWARE COULD FINALLY GET THE WORLD‚ÄôS MICROSCOPES
SPEAKING THE SAME LANGUAGE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-03064-9?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists have been working to standardize image formats for
biological microscopy data for two decades. There are now around 160
standard file formats. A new project aims to shrink that number of
formats down to a small handful. Having a common format would make it
much easier for scientists to do their work - many are currently
dealing with formatting issues by relabeling data by hand. There are
several cultural and technical barriers to overcome before the project
can become successful.

THIS GIANT, NEXT-GENERATION SATELLITE IS NOW ONE OF THE BRIGHTEST
OBJECTS IN THE NIGHT SKY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/2/23899530/satellite-night-sky-blue-walker-3-brightest-object?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The BlueWalker 3 communications satellite can turn ordinary
smartphones into satellite phones. It is the brightest satellite in
low Earth orbit yet, and there are concerns that it may usher in a new
generation of satellites that create way more light pollution than
their predecessors. The satellite is bright due to its large size. It
is about as bright as the eight-brightest star visible from Earth.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MONITORING HEALTH AND PERFORMANCE IN ELASTICSEARCH (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]

It‚Äôs not always easy to make sense of Elasticsearch health and
performance data. This handy cheatsheet
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]
by Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]
breaks down:

	* Metrics for high-level cluster health, plus search and indexing
performance
	* How to use Datadog‚Äôs Elasticsearch dashboard to keep tabs on your
cluster
	* Tips and commands for resolving unassigned shards and other common
performance issues

Download the cheatsheet üì•
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/datadog-elasticsearch-cheatsheet/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-elasticsearch-cheatsheet]

THE ABSOLUTE MINIMUM EVERY SOFTWARE DEVELOPER MUST KNOW ABOUT UNICODE
IN 2023 (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonsky.me/blog/unicode/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unicode is a standard that aims to unify all human languages and make
them work with computers. In practice, it is a table that assigns
unique numbers, called code points, to different characters. This
article explains what Unicode is and how it works. It covers all the
basics as well as some advanced concepts and why some 'bugs' occur
with certain characters.

RETHINKING REACTIVITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://nuejs.org/blog/rethinking-reactivity/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nue is a library for building user interfaces. It is a user-friendly
alternative to frameworks like Next.js, Vite, and Sveltekit. Nue uses
an HTML-based template syntax perfect for UX developers focusing on
interaction design, accessibility, and user experience. Examples of
Nue components are available in the article.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

THE INSIDE STORY OF DAVE CLARK‚ÄôS TUMULTUOUS LAST DAYS AT FLEXPORT:
STANDOFFS, POLITICS, AND SPIN (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/02/the-inside-story-of-dave-clarks-tumultuous-last-days-at-flexport.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mixed messages from Flexport founder Ryan Petersen during an on-stage
interview a week after Petersen forced Clark out as CEO underscored
the dysfunction surrounding the sudden firing of Dave Clark, who was
previously one of Jeff Bezos' top deputies. Petersen had publicly
criticized Clark for his decisions just days earlier, yet he praised
Clark's work and expressed admiration for his achievements during the
interview. This article tells an account of Clark's last few days at
the company based on conversations with people close to Clark and
Petersen.

THE SPHERE‚ÄôS FIRST SHOW LOOKS LIKE IT WAS A MIND-BLOWING SPECTACLE
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/30/23897156/the-sphere-las-vegas-u2-concert-achtung-baby-live?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

U2 played the first-ever show at the Las Vegas Sphere on September 29.
The band will play in a series of performances at the venue through
the end of December, with the cheapest tickets going for around $400.
Videos posted to social media show how breathtaking shows in The
Sphere can be. Videos taken by concertgoers from inside The Sphere are
available in the article.

WANT TO BE PART OF TLDR? (TLDR JOB)

Hey everyone, TLDR is hiring an Advertising Sales Director with
experience in software or media sales to join our fully remote team of
seven to lead the next phase of our revenue growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Responsibilities include building relationships with advertising
partners and marketing agencies and handling complex sales.

Total compensation ranges from $150,000 - $225,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $2000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a good
fit.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

HEY, COMPUTER, MAKE ME A FONT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://serce.me/posts/02-10-2023-hey-computer-make-me-a-font?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article details the journey of how a developer built a generative
machine-learning model that can create true-type fonts.

RETURN TO OFFICE IS BULLSHIT AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://soatok.blog/2023/10/02/return-to-office-is-bullshit-and-everyone-knows-it/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Companies forcing ultimatums on employees will lose talent and
struggle to hire as employees start countering companies' ultimatums
with their own.

DAKTILO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/orhun/daktilo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

daktilo is a command-line program that plays typewriter sounds every
time you press a key.

NO SURPRISES ON ANY SYSTEM: Q&A WITH LORIS CRO OF ZIG (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/10/02/no-surprises-on-any-system-q-and-a-with-loris-cro-of-zig/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Zig is a programming language that has a small following - but the
third-highest Admired score on last year's Stack Overflow Developer
Survey.

GENERATIVE INTERFACES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/generative-interfaces?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Generative interfaces, which need to be designed individually for
every task, could be compiled just in time with generative AI,
enabling a much more customized experience.

SPECULATIVE FICTION WRITES THE FUTURE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/speculative-fiction-writes-the-future?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Speculative fiction like Jurassic Park weave thought experiments into
the narrative - they contextualize important questions without easy
answers.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e6c17470-61c6-11ee-a691-8b5f395b42a0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696327220&t=1696329903&s=80353b9122b714f366e822501c400c6845ea176b2d0dd8ccee00656f1cc13baf].