# Articles TLDR 22-03-2023

Microsofts latest Bing update will include a feature that enables
users to generate images.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8243da08-c87c-11ed-81ce-d562f951a402&pt=campaign&t=1679483940&s=ac386c6123b619abe342ebb4936a9f3558210bf630d6cbb99cfd284e207d6e29]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-22

ALL-IN-ONE SECURITY, PRIVACY, AND COMPLIANCE FOR HYPER-GROWTH
COMPANIES (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]


Spending months to get audit-ready kills growth. With Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech],
you can get SOC 2 audit ready in weeks
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech],
not months ‚Äî and stay compliant with the latest changes. And when
you scale, you can easily meet ISO 27001, GDPR, HIPAA, PCI, and other
requirements.
‚ÄúWe always felt like we were talking to experts in the field.
Compared to other competitors, choosing Secureframe is a no brainer
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]."
‚Äî Tommaso Barbugli, Co-Founder and CTO, Stream

TLDR readers get 15% off. Use this link to get started
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=030223-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT BRINGS OPENAI‚ÄôS DALL-E IMAGE CREATOR TO THE NEW BING (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/21/microsoft-brings-openais-dall-e-image-creator-to-the-new-bing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft's latest Bing update will include a feature that enables
users to generate images. The Bing Image Creator uses DALL-E,
OpenAI‚Äôs generative image generator. The new feature is being rolled
out on Bing's Creative Mode and will soon come to other modes. It will
eventually be available in the Edge sidebar. Microsoft is also
releasing two more search features, Visual Stories and Knowledge Cards
2.0. 

GOOGLE OPENS EARLY ACCESS TO ITS CHATGPT RIVAL BARD ‚Äî HERE ARE OUR
FIRST IMPRESSIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/21/23649794/google-chatgpt-rival-bard-ai-chatbot-access-hands-on?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has launched a preview of Bard, its AI language model. Bard
will be slowly rolled out to select users in the US and UK. A waitlist
is available. Bard is not a replacement for Google‚Äôs search engine,
but it works as a complement to it. Bard's full access release date is
still unknown. This article compares Bard to its rivals, ChatGPT and
Bing. Screenshots of Bard are available. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

HERE‚ÄôS HOW NASA PLANS TO REPLACE THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE
STATION‚ÄîBY BECOMING A PRIVATE COMPANY‚ÄôS TENANT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90867049/heres-how-nasa-plans-to-replace-the-international-space-station-by-starting-a-bidding-war-between-contractors?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NASA is planning to retire the International Space Station (ISS) in
2030 and rent space on one or more privately built stations. The
transition is part of NASA's effort to shift to a job-to-be-done
approach, where contractors are given a task rather than a specific
vehicle or system to produce. NASA's first commercial-station contract
was awarded to Axiom Space in 2020. NASA plans to award a second round
of contracts leading to the purchase of station services from up to
two companies. 

THE QUEST FOR INJECTABLE BRAIN IMPLANTS HAS BEGUN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/j46OT?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

While brain implants have the potential to significantly improve
patients' lives, the brain and metal do not work well together.
Electrodes can cause injury and scar tissue, which in turn makes
devices less effective. To avoid this problem, a team of scientists
has designed a gel that can be injected into tissues and solidifies
into an electrically conductive polymer. This polymer electrode is
harmless and can be moved just as easily as the brain tissue around
it. The gel could enable flexible electronic neural implants in the
future. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CFNCTL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/rogerwelin/cfnctl?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Cfnctl is a tool that simplifies the process of managing stacks in AWS
CloudFormation. It uses the Terraform CLI workflow to provide a
familiar interface for creating CloudFormation templates. Cfnctl is
still under development and some features are missing, such as support
for canceling stacks and uploading large templates to S3. 

TYPST (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/typst/typst?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Typst is a typesetting system designed to be as powerful as LaTeX and
easier to use. It comes with built-in markup for common formatting
tasks and flexible functions for everything else, as well as a tightly
integrated scripting system. Typst supports math typesetting,
bibliography management, and incremental compilation for fast compile
times. It provides friendly error messages if something goes wrong.
Examples are available in the repository. 

ARE YOU STUCK IN INCIDENT MANAGEMENT DEJA VU? (SPONSOR)
[http://firehydrant.com/tldr] 

FireHydrant‚Äôs end-to-end incident management platform makes it easy
for anyone in your organization to resolve incidents faster,
communicate with stakeholders, and learn from incidents.
Did we mention that FireHydrant is free? Join thousands of
reliability-obsessed engineers - get started at firehydrant.com/tldr
[http://firehydrant.com/tldr]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE AGE OF AI HAS BEGUN (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gatesnotes.com/The-Age-of-AI-Has-Begun?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


According to Bill Gates, GPT may be the most significant technological
innovation since the graphical user interface. In this article, Gates
discusses the potential for AI to make the world a more equitable
place in the next five to ten years. He explores the potential of AI
to reduce some of the world's worst inequities through areas where he
believes AI will have the most impact. AI could empower people in the
workplace, improve educational outcomes, and save lives. 

AMERICA‚ÄôS BANKS ARE MISSING HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/SGBnK#selection-633.27-633.59?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Depositors of failed bank Silicon Valley Bank did not want physical
currency but instead requested their balances be wired elsewhere.
Regulators promised to protect the clients of the failed bank, so no
deposits were written off. Deposits in American banks are decreasing,
with a 3% fall in commercial banks' deposits over the last year. This
reduction in deposits leads to fragile financial systems and requires
banks to shrink to repay their deposits. The Federal Reserve's
reverse-repo facility, introduced in 2013, is having a profoundly
destabilizing impact on banks. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HIRE EMPLOYEES IN 150+ COUNTRIES IN THE MOST AFFORDABLE WAY - NO LOCAL
ENTITIES REQUIRED (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=mar_2023]


Remofirst makes global payroll and international HR affordable for
everyone, from startups to fortune 500s. As a TLDR reader, you‚Äôll
get 2 months free on your first global hires
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=mar_2023].


ADOBE LAUNCHES FIREFLY GENERATIVE A.I. THAT LETS YOU TYPE TO EDIT
IMAGES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/03/21/adobe-firefly-generative-ai-lets-you-type-to-edit-images.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Firefly will first launch as a private beta and focus on the creation
of images and text effects. 

HOW TIKTOK BROKE SOCIAL MEDIA (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/BDnUq?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

While TikTok's fate is still being determined, the app has changed
social media for good in a way that will make life much harder for
incumbent social apps. 

HOW TO START A REACT PROJECT IN 2023 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.robinwieruch.de/react-starter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains a brief overview of starter kits for new React
projects. 

SO YOU'VE INSTALLED `FZF`. NOW WHAT? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://andrew-quinn.me/fzf/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

fzf is one of those tools that can immediately benefit any software
engineer's professional life. 

FOR AI'S 'IPHONE MOMENT' IN CHATGPT, NVIDIA UNVEILS A LARGE LANGUAGE
MODEL CHIP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/for-ais-iphone-moment-in-chatgpt-nvidia-unveils-a-large-language-model-chip/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The NVIDIA H100 NVL for Large Language Model Deployment, which has
94GB of memory, is designed for inference tasks used by Large Language
Models. 

SOCIETY'S TECHNICAL DEBT AND SOFTWARE'S GUTENBERG MOMENT (18 MINUTE
READ)
[https://skventures.substack.com/p/societys-technical-debt-and-softwares?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Large Language Models are set to release a wave of innovation as they
lower the costs of software production. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

BRIGHTWELL - .NET DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $109,994 - $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/.net-developer/429] 

Brightwell is hiring a .NET Developer to play a key role in building
new products for a full-service payments company that provides
thoughtful solutions and technology for sending money around the
world. 

SOURCEGRAPH - HEAD OF AI (FULLY REMOTE, $235,830+)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/head-of-ai/407] 

Sourcegraph is hiring a Head of AI to help deliver the world‚Äôs best
coding assistant and ML-powered developer tooling for a powerful code
search platform. 

NEWSDAY - DATA SOLUTIONS JOURNALIST (MELVILLE, NEW YORK, $80,000 -
$90,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/data-solutions-journalist/423] 

Newsday is hiring a Data Solutions Journalist to make data relatable
to individuals‚Äô lives through data visualizations, newsletter
features, website, and social media posts for the leading news source
for Long Island & NYC. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8243da08-c87c-11ed-81ce-d562f951a402&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679479220&t=1679483940&s=12b1972475418844eaef017f983ed60901cc8004540a138eb13f0a4f5bfcad4b].


¬†