# Articles TLDR 01-03-2023

Twitter staff are speculating that Steve Davis, CEO of The Boring
Company, could replace Elon Musk as the chief executive of Twitter.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=dd052120-b80c-11ed-a6b8-8b727c421925&pt=campaign&t=1677672738&s=2c7329914f0c19a3caf5113fed20b0837c87870fd2406814b47ac8e6b32ceaae]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/global-ach-for-building-products?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-01

GLOBAL ACH EXPLAINED: BUILDING PRODUCTS THAT MOVE MONEY ACROSS BORDERS
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/global-ach-for-building-products?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]


For companies looking to make and receive payments abroad, Global ACH
presents a novel opportunity to amplify product flows and unlock new
revenue. Get this new ebook from Modern Treasury
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/global-ach-for-building-products?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]
to learn:

	*
Why Global ACH has emerged as an alternative to SWIFT
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/global-ach-for-building-products?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]
wires

	*
The benefits and limitations of Global ACH

	*
Other options for cross-border payments

	*
How to build for scale with Global ACH

Get the Global ACH Guide for Product Managers and Developers
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/journal/global-ach-for-building-products?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS PHONE LINK APP NOW LETS YOU USE IMESSAGE FROM YOUR PC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/28/23618224/microsoft-windows-imessage-support-phone-link-ios-iphone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has released a new version of its Phone Link app to Windows
Insiders that allows iPhone users to connect their devices to a
Windows laptop or PC. The new features enable users to send and
receive messages, make and receive calls, and view notifications on
Windows 11. Some features are not available such as sending pictures
in messages or participating in group messages. Users will only be
able to see the messages sent or received using Phone Link and the app
will not display the full message history. The feature will not
differentiate between text messages and iMessage messages. 

THE BORING COMPANY CEO WHO SLEPT AT TWITTER'S HEADQUARTERS WITH HIS
NEWBORN BABY IS RUMORED TO BE TWITTER'S NEXT CEO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/YZsuR?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Twitter staff are speculating that Steve Davis, CEO of The Boring
Company, could replace Elon Musk as the chief executive of Twitter.
Davis' involvement in the recent layoffs at Twitter has caused
employees to question his potential new role. He was asked to find
ways to cut approximately $500 million in operating costs and ended up
cutting $1 billion by terminating some contracts and negotiating
others down. Davis and Musk have worked together since 2003. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS TARGET ‚ÄòBIOCOMPUTING‚Äô BREAKTHROUGH WITH USE OF HUMAN
BRAIN CELLS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Bm67H?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

An international team of scientists led by Johns Hopkins University
has proposed the development of a biological computer powered by human
brain cells that could outperform existing silicon-based machines
while using less energy. This 'organoid intelligence' would be made of
neural structures grown from stem cells connected to sensors and
output devices and trained with machine learning. It could take
decades to develop this technology into a commercial product, and
there are ethical considerations regarding the potential for the
computer to gain consciousness. All ethical issues will be
continuously assessed by teams of scientists, ethicists, and the
public. 

INSIDE THE LAB THAT‚ÄôS GROWING MUSHROOM COMPUTERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.popsci.com/technology/unconventional-computing-lab-mushroom/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Fungal computers are a new development in computing technology that
use mycelium, the web-like root structure of the fungus, to act as
conductors and electronic components. Compared to conventional
computers, mushroom computers are more fault tolerant, reconfigurable,
and consume very little energy. They can mimic the spiking activities
and patterns used by neurons in the brain to communicate signals.
Stimulating mycelium at two points increases conductivity between
them, allowing memory to be established. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

THE LONE DEVELOPER PROBLEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://evanhahn.com/the-lone-developer-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The 'lone developer problem' is when a single programmer builds
something, making it difficult for others to maintain later. Solo
programmers often understand and build systems that make sense to them
but not to future readers. This can be an issue even for great
programmers. To avoid this solo developers could bring in another
developer to review the code, try code pairing, or open-source the
code. It is not always necessary to solve this problem as it's not
always necessary to write good code. 

QR-CODE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bitjson/qr-code?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

qr-code is a self-contained web component that requires no framework
or dependencies. It can be customized and animated with several preset
options or custom designs. Animations can be triggered by user
interactions and turned off once the QR code interaction is complete. 

ARE YOU STUCK IN INCIDENT MANAGEMENT DEJA VU? (SPONSOR)
[http://firehydrant.com/tldr] 

FireHydrant‚Äôs end-to-end incident management platform makes it easy
for anyone in your organization to resolve incidents faster,
communicate with stakeholders, and learn from incidents.
Did we mention that FireHydrant is free? Join thousands of
reliability-obsessed engineers - get started at firehydrant.com/tldr
[http://firehydrant.com/tldr]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MEET THE SPACE BILLIONAIRE WHO IS INTERESTED IN SOMETHING OTHER THAN
ROCKETS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/meet-the-space-billionaire-who-is-interested-in-something-other-than-rockets/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Jed McCaleb, a billionaire who made his fortune in blockchain
development and cryptocurrency, has taken a major step towards
realizing his vision of a space station in low-Earth orbit. His space
habitation company Vast acquired Launcher last week. The acquisition
will add Launcher's 80 employees to the 40 already at Vast. Vast's
plan is to build space stations featuring artificial gravity. The
company is currently in the engineering phase, conducting trade
studies that will determine the final design. 

AMAZON IS LETTING EMPLOYEES USE THEIR STOCK TO FINANCE HOME PURCHASES
AND EVEN SECOND HOMES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/28/amazon-is-letting-employees-use-their-stock-to-finance-home-purchases-and-even-second-homes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Equity Unlocker, a program from online mortgage lender Better.com,
allows employees to use their vested equity as a down payment for a
home loan without needing to sell their shares. It will be available
first to Amazon employees in Florida, New York, and Washington state.
Equity Unlocker allows employees to finance their homes without
actually selling their shares. It can be used for secondary vacation
homes or investment properties. To protect itself, Better.com will
charge a higher rate on the mortgages of employees pledging stock. The
program is currently exclusive to Amazon, but Better aims to make it
available to employees of public and private companies nationwide. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO DEVOPS (SPONSOR)
[https://linode.github.io/beginners-guide-to-devops-tools/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220301]


This guide provides background information and working labs on some of
the most popular DevOps tools ‚Äî GitHub, Jenkins, Terraform, and
Ansible. Read it on GitHub Pages
[https://linode.github.io/beginners-guide-to-devops-tools/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220301]


THE EVOLUTION OF FACEBOOK‚ÄôS IOS APP ARCHITECTURE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/02/06/ios/facebook-ios-app-architecture/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Facebook's iOS app codebase, the oldest mobile codebase at Meta,
reflects 10 years of evolution and the work of thousands of engineers.


JACK DORSEY-BACKED TWITTER ALTERNATIVE BLUESKY HITS THE APP STORE AS
AN INVITE-ONLY APP (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/28/jack-dorsey-backed-twitter-alternative-bluesky-hits-the-app-store-as-an-invite-only-app/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bluesky is now on the App Store on an invite-only beta, signaling that
a public launch could be near. 

ROBOTS LET CHATGPT TOUCH THE REAL WORLD THANKS TO MICROSOFT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/robots-let-chatgpt-touch-the-real-world-thanks-to-microsoft/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT can write code that controls robot movements using natural
language commands. 

TIKTOK'S PARENT BYTEDANCE IS DEVELOPING A NEW 'AI-BASED' LEARNING
PLATFORM CALLED GENIUSJOY THAT IT WILL TEST OVERSEAS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/XD1ei#selection-1906.1-1947.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ByteDance is hiring math curriculum developers to develop GeniusJoy,
its new AI-based learning platform. 

OPENAI'S FOUNDRY LEAKED PRICING SAYS A LOT ‚Äì IF YOU KNOW HOW TO READ
IT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://cognitiverevolution.substack.com/p/openais-foundry-leaked-pricing-says?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Foundry is a platform that will serve OpenAI's latest models with
robust fine-tuning options. 

HOW LONELINESS RESHAPES THE BRAIN (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.quantamagazine.org/how-loneliness-reshapes-the-brain-20230228/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Feelings of loneliness prompt changes in the brain that further
isolate people from social contact. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

WIKIMEDIA FOUNDATION - LEAD UX DESIGNER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-ux-designer/343] 

Wikimedia Foundation is hiring a Lead UX Designer to create simple,
delightful experiences for a non-profit organization supporting
Wikipedia and other Wiki projects. 

LMNT - FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/full-stack-web-developer/340] 

LMNT is hiring a Full Stack Web Developer to help level up the tech
stack for one of the fastest growing brands in the beverage industry. 

NORTHONE - SENIOR MOBILE DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 - $180,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-mobile-developer/336] 

NorthOne is hiring a Senior Mobile Developer to build and scale a
best-in-class banking experience as part of a development team for a
business banking and financial management platform for small
businesses across America. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=dd052120-b80c-11ed-a6b8-8b727c421925&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677668418&t=1677672738&s=d96643cb1021814c81c64c559759f41874a9db15a503d674c630da0a3b07add1].


¬†