# Articles TLDR 20-07-2023

Apple is readying its own large language model, Ajax¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8224885e-26cf-11ee-9ec9-1f8438f48ceb&pt=campaign&t=1689850078&s=72e19d4fa3f103972baf248d0196507f0aa462871b88cf5a5c5f083b09d7f60c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH¬† [Masterworks]
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=7-20-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber+&utm_content=none_banksy32_32return_pp_100_skip]

TLDR 2023-07-20

A BANKSY GOT EVERYDAY INVESTORS 32% RETURNS? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=7-20-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber+&utm_content=none_banksy32_32return_pp_100_skip]


_Mm-hmm, sure. So, what‚Äôs the catch?¬†_
We know it may sound too good to be true. But thousands of investors
are already smiling all the way to the bank. All thanks to the
fine-art investing platform Masterworks. ¬†

These results aren‚Äôt cherry-picking. This is the whole bushel.
Masterworks has built a track record of 13 exits, realizing net
returns of +17.8%, +21.5%,+35.0%
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=7-20-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber+&utm_content=none_banksy32_32return_pp_100_skip]
and more, even while financial markets plummeted.

Offerings can sell out in just minutes, but as a trusted partner, TLDR
readers are invited to skip the waitlist with this exclusive link.
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=7-20-23&utm_term=TLDR+subscriber+&utm_content=none_banksy32_32return_pp_100_skip]

See important disclosures at masterworks.com/cd
[http://masterworks.com/cd]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

TESLA IN DISCUSSION TO LICENSE FULL SELF-DRIVING SOFTWARE TO ANOTHER
AUTOMAKER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/19/23800972/tesla-fsd-license-car-company-driver-assist?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla is in early discussions to license its Full Self-Driving (FSD)
technology to another major automaker that has not been named. Elon
Musk says that licensing the software has always been part of the
plan. Tesla's FSD works on local roads with traffic signals,
intersections, and vulnerable road users. It requires drivers to pay
attention to the road and take control of the vehicle when asked.
There are currently 16 crashes by Tesla vehicles using Autopilot being
investigated by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration,
out of which only one caused a fatality. 

APPLE HAS BEEN WORKING ON ITS OWN CHATGPT AI TOOL FOR SOME TIME (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/07/19/apple-has-been-working-on-its-own-chatgpt-ai-tool-for-some-time?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple is readying its own large language model, Ajax. It is recruiting
more engineers to work on generative AI. Ajax is solely for internal
use at Apple. Apple staff are using it for real work like prototyping
products and summarizing text. The company does not currently intend
to launch the chatbot, but it is trying to find a consumer angle for
it. Apple has already deeply embedded AI and machine learning
technology into everything it's doing. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

BACK FROM THE DEAD: NEW HOPE FOR RESURRECTING EXTINCT PLANTS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://e360.yale.edu/features/plant-de-extinctions-herbariums?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Botanists have been storing plant specimens from extinct species for
centuries. They are now starting to realize their potential to
resurrect life forms long believed lost forever. Libraries of data
from herbarium specimens of extinct plants are now available in
browsable digital databases. Attempts to revive extinct animals will
only result in hybrid genetically-engineered animals, but successful
recovery of a plant will result in the resurrection of the actual
species. 

HEARING AIDS MAY REDUCE YOUR RISK OF DEMENTIA BY HALF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/07/18/health/dementia-hearing-loss-study-wellness/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Getting hearing aids could cut the risk of cognitive decline in half.
Cognitive decline and dementia have become a growing problem as people
are living longer. Hearing loss is one of the biggest risk factors for
developing dementia. There are several reasons why hearing loss might
contribute to cognitive decline, such as the brain having to work
harder to decode audio signals, brain atrophy, or a lack of social
activity. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

‚òÅÔ∏è THE CLOUD SECURITY WORKFLOW HANDBOOK ‚Äî MASTER CLOUD SECURITY
IN 2023 AND BEYOND! (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]


Discover the future of cloud security with the FREE Cloud Security
Workflow Handbook from Wiz
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]!
Unveil:

‚¨õ The 3 pillars of modern cloud security

‚¨õ A 4-step roadmap

‚¨õ Goals and KPI templates
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
from top hyper-scaling enterprises.

Adapt and conquer the new threat landscape. Get your FREE copy now!
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

RETAKE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/getretake/retake?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Retake provides an infrastructure for vector data streams. It features
out-of-the-box data sync, real-time updates, and an extensible Python
development kit. Retake is stable and efficient and can be deployed
anywhere. It ensures consistency between inputs, sources of truth, and
vectors without the time, complexity, and cost of maintaining
pipelines. 

FURY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/alipay/fury?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Fury is a multi-language serialization framework. It features
cross-language out-of-band serialization, a highly-extensible JIT
framework, multiple binary protocols, and more. New protocols can be
easily added to Fury and the optimization for one protocol can be
reused for another protocol. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STUDY CLAIMS CHATGPT IS LOSING CAPABILITY, BUT SOME EXPERTS AREN‚ÄôT
CONVINCED (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/07/is-chatgpt-getting-worse-over-time-study-claims-yes-but-others-arent-sure/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A paper published by researchers from Stanford University and the
University of California shows that GPT-4's outputs have declined in
quality over the past few months. While some experts aren't convinced
by the paper, the lack of certainty around whether GPT-4's quality has
declined points to a larger issue with how OpenAI handles its model
releases. Popular theories about GPT-4's decline in performance
include OpenAI reducing computational overhead, unintended effects
from fine-tuning, and OpenAI reducing its abilities so more people
will pay GitHub Copilot. OpenAI has consistently declined any claims
that its models have decreased in capability. 

WHY DID META OPEN-SOURCE LLAMA 2? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/why-did-meta-open-source-llama?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article presents an in-depth analysis on why Meta made Llama 2's
weights commercially available. Llama 2's license provides hints to
Meta's goals - it prevents Llama Materials from being used to improve
other models, competitors with more than 700 million monthly active
users must request a license from Meta, and there are no trademark
licenses. This suggests Llama 2 was open-sourced to reduce competitor
moats, to attract more users and developers, and as a marketing tool. 

WANT TO JOIN THE TLDR TEAM FULL TIME?

Hey everyone, TLDR is looking for a resourceful, tech-savvy senior
sponsorship sales director to join our fully remote team of six and
work with our head of sales Danny Miller (who previously started the
ads business at StackOverflow) to lead the next phase of our revenue
growth.
We are growing at a rate of 10% month over month and we're looking for
someone who is highly entrepreneurial and thrives in a fast-paced
environment.

Total compensation including commission will be between $150,000 -
$200,000.

If you know someone who would be a good fit, please refer them to us
and we will send you $1000 if we hire them.

To apply, please send your resume or LinkedIn profile to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a few sentences on why you would be a good
fit.

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HIRE GLOBAL TECH TALENT IN US TIME ZONES, MAKE BUDGETS GO FURTHER
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.revelo.com/tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsorship&utm_campaign=tldr]


Need speed and flexibility in scaling dev teams? Revelo is the largest
platform to hire world-class remote developers from LatAm. Get matched
with vetted candidates in 3 days.¬†Get a $2,500 credit on first hire -
start with a risk-free trial!
[https://www.revelo.com/tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsorship&utm_campaign=tldr]


WHEN OPEN BECOMES OPAQUE: THE CHANGING FACE OF OPEN-SOURCE HARDWARE
COMPANIES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.adafruit.com/2023/07/12/when-open-becomes-opaque-the-changing-face-of-open-source-hardware-companies/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There have been thousands of open-source hardware designs released
over the 15 or so years, but more and more open-source hardware
companies are becoming closed-source, delaying the release of
files/source code, or requiring NDAs to obtain software. 

TESLA STARTS PRODUCTION OF DOJO SUPERCOMPUTER TO TRAIN DRIVERLESS CARS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/19/23800854/tesla-driverless-dojo-supercomputers-production?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tesla's Dojo supercomputer, which Elon Musk claims will be capable of
an exaflop floating-point operations per second, uses chips designed
by Tesla. 

ASK HN: HOW ARE YOU IMPROVING YOUR USE OF LLMS IN PRODUCTION? (HACKER
NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36787924] 

There are many companies currently developing or shipping products
with large language models - this Hacker News thread looks at how
developers are iterating, evaluating, and improving their AI apps. 

FEAR, LOATHING, AND EXCITEMENT AS THREADS ADOPTS OPEN STANDARD USED BY
MASTODON (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/07/fear-loathing-and-excitement-as-threads-adopts-open-standard-used-by-mastodon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The ActivityPub community is trying to figure out how to respond to
Meta joining the decentralized movement. 

YOU CAN'T STOP THE BUSINESS, OR WHY REWRITES FAIL (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/you-can-t-stop-the-business-or-why-rewrites-fail/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rewrites can be expensive and slow, there will be a lot of doublework
during the rewrite, and the team will continue to find bugs and missed
use cases after the rewrite ships. 

NETFLIX KILLS OFF CHEAPEST NO-ADS PLAN IN THE US AND UK (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/netflix-cancels-cheapest-no-ads-plan-us-uk-rcna95112?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Basic plan will no longer be available for new or rejoining
members, but existing members will be able to remain on the plan until
they change plans or cancel their accounts. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=8224885e-26cf-11ee-9ec9-1f8438f48ceb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689847220&t=1689850078&s=cc77925711ddd257f78ff037ac8350afe340a32b2a28b43d2d59960afa3c1e5e].