# Articles TLDR 20-09-2023

Neuralink is looking for its first human test subjects for an initial
six-year trial¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ea5de330-5793-11ee-9cea-7b19df3c96c9&pt=campaign&t=1695206622&s=941180b74e90559d51293d802044454cb7933198728dc82fb007ce8142a9e8b0]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-09-20

‚è©¬†FAST FORWARD YOUR COMPLIANCE JOURNEY (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Is your backlog still full of compliance-related tasks (SOC 2, ISO
27001, GDPR‚Ä¶)?
HERE‚ÄôS WHAT YOU SHOULDN‚ÄôT BE DOING:

‚ùå¬†Checking dozens of systems to provide evidence to auditors.

‚ùå¬†Repeating the same manual processes before every audit.

‚ùå¬†Figuring out how to get compliant yourself.

DO THIS INSTEAD:

‚úÖ¬†Get started with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
with 10% off
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
and waived implementation fees.

‚úÖ¬†Sit back and relax with 85+ integrations
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
and automated evidence collection
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

‚úÖ¬†Build securely on a strong foundation of 20+ auditor-approved
security policies
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

Vercel, Notion, Postman, and thousands are already using Drata. Why
aren‚Äôt you?

Take the smartest, shortest path to compliance
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

XBOX LEAK: NEW XBOX SERIES X DESIGN, NEXT-GEN IN 2028, AND MORE (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23880165/xbox-leak-ftc-documents-new-xbox-series-x-controller-next-gen?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unredacted documents from the FTC v.Microsoft case have revealed plans
for a new disc-less Xbox Series, a gyro controller, and a next-gen
hybrid Xbox in 2028. This is the biggest leak in Xbox history. Xbox
chief Phil Spencer has hinted that Microsoft's plans may have changed.
This page contains a collection of articles with more details about
the leak.

GOOGLE‚ÄôS AI ASSISTANT CAN NOW READ YOUR EMAILS, PLAN TRIPS,
‚ÄúDOUBLE-CHECK‚Äù ANSWERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/googles-ai-assistant-can-now-read-your-emails-plan-trips-double-check-answers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google Bard is now integrated with Google apps and can double-check
answers against web content. It can now also work in over 40
languages. Bard Extensions are opt-in features that let Bard pull data
from Google's other services for integration into a Bard conversation.
They allow Bard to pull real-time flight and hotel information,
suggest YouTube videos about a topic, and more. Data from Google apps
used in AI conversations will not be viewed by human reviewers or be
used to train future versions of the model.

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NEURALINK IS RECRUITING SUBJECTS FOR THE FIRST HUMAN TRIAL OF ITS
BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23880861/neuralink-human-clinical-trial-n1-implant?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Neuralink is looking for its first human test subjects for an initial
six-year trial. The trial will test Neuralink tech designed to help
those with paralysis control devices. The company is looking for
people with quadriplegia due to vertical spinal cord injury or ALS who
are over the age of 22 and have a consistent and reliable caregiver.
The study is not related to the all-encompassing brain computer that
Elon Musk has been talking about for years.

TOYOTA REVEALS ITS PLAN TO CATCH UP ON EV BATTERY TECHNOLOGY (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/09/toyota-reveals-its-plan-to-catch-up-on-ev-battery-technology/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Toyota has released a new roadmap showing how it will regain
competitiveness and sell 3.5 million EVs by 2030. It is working on
four battery technology solutions. Three of the solutions use liquid
electrolytes and the fourth is a solid-state battery. The company is
also putting a lot of effort into shrinking the height of its battery
packs. This article goes into detail about Toyota's plans.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

[EBOOK] CONTAINERIZED APPLICATIONS IN AZURE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/azure-container-ebook/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-azurecontainer-ebook]

Struggling to wrap your head around Kubernetes on Azure? This free
eBook is for you.
Learn how to deploy and monitor containerized applications
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/azure-container-ebook/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-azurecontainer-ebook]
using Azure and Datadog, including:

	* How Azure Kubernetes Service works
	* How to monitor Azure Kubernetes Service
	* How to monitor Azure container environments

üì©¬†Download the ebook from Datadog (free)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/azure-container-ebook/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-azurecontainer-ebook]

KAMAL (WEBSITE) [https://kamal-deploy.org/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Kamal is a tool for deploying web apps anywhere with zero downtime. It
works seamlessly across multiple hosts and can hold requests while a
new app container is started and the old one is stopped. Kamal will
work with any type of web app that can be containerized with Docker.

A (MORE) MODERN CSS RESET (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://andy-bell.co.uk/a-more-modern-css-reset/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A CSS reset can help make browsers behave better and reduce
compatibility issues. This article discusses a modern CSS reset that
prevents font size inflation, sets core body defaults, balances text
wrapping on headings, and more. The article breaks down each part of
the CSS reset and explains the reasons for the code and how it works.
Browsers are getting better and better, so resets like this are
becoming less necessary.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

THE BEST STUFF SAM BANKMAN-FRIED‚ÄôS PARENTS BOUGHT USING FTX MONEY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23880783/bankman-fried-ftx-lawsuit-clawback?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sam Bankman-Fried's parents are being accused of exploiting their
access and influence within FTX to enrich themselves. FTX lawyers are
suing them to try to get some of the money back. This article lists
some of the things they allegedly received from FTX. These include a
$16.4 million property in the Bahamas, funds for donations, expensive
hotel rooms, tickets to the Formula 1 Grand Prix in France, and a
$200,000 annual salary.

INTEL WILL LAUNCH METEOR LAKE ON DECEMBER 14TH ‚Äî THIS IS INTEL‚ÄôS
CORE ULTRA (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23872888/intel-meteor-lake-core-ultra-date-chip-specs-details?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Intel has been hyping up its Meteor Lake chips for months - the
company has now set a launch date for December 14. The chips will be
the most power-efficient client processor Intel has ever made, with up
to twice the graphics performance, a low power island, and hooks for
Microsoft Windows to intelligently control them. This article details
the many features of the new Intel Core Ultra chips.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

TRACING: STRUCTURED LOGGING, BUT BETTER IN EVERY WAY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://andydote.co.uk/2023/09/19/tracing-is-better/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Tracing can result in larger files, but it provides much more
information than logging.

TREPIDATION, HURT MORALE PRECEDE LAST-OF-ITS-KIND AMAZON HARDWARE
EVENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/trepidation-low-morale-precede-last-of-its-kind-amazon-hardware-event/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

It's likely that Amazon's hardware team could see its resources cut
further - it's also possible the team could be folded into the Amazon
Web Services Division.

AN EXCRUCIATINGLY DETAILED GUIDE TO SSH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://grahamhelton.com/blog/ssh-cheatsheet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SSH can give users immense power, but sometimes the syntax and other
concepts can get in the way of accomplishing things.

HOW MICROSOFT DOES QUALITY ASSURANCE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/how-microsoft-does-qa/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft was the first major company to come up with a specialized
testing role - the company has played an outsized role in the
development and importance of quality assurance across the industry.

GOOGLE‚ÄôS AI PROTEIN FOLDER IDS STRUCTURE WHERE NONE SEEMINGLY
EXISTED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/09/googles-ai-software-brings-order-to-protein-chaos/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The structure was found two proteins whose interactions are essential
for cell division.

THE UNIFIED ACCELERATION FOUNDATION WANTS TO CREATE AN OPEN STANDARD
FOR ACCELERATOR PROGRAMMING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/19/the-unified-acceleration-foundation-wants-to-create-an-open-standard-for-accelerator-programming/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Unified Acceleration Foundation's founding members include Arm,
Fujitsu, Google Cloud, Imagination Technologies, Intel, Qualcomm, and
Samsung - but not Nvidia.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=ea5de330-5793-11ee-9cea-7b19df3c96c9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695204019&t=1695206622&s=363c952cce7ad9dc5cd5ac217ac744013832cb52d192ce0172d9ea0aaf9996c2].