# Articles TLDR 07-09-2023

Apple is reportedly spending millions of dollars a day on AI product
research¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=38013a3a-4d51-11ee-8909-49c595de20cf&pt=campaign&t=1694083437&s=25165df1ca21c7abf8de624d932cf84302a5afff4f2c60d47cc4515fbfd4c467]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,09-07-2023]

TLDR 2023-09-07

A.I. AND SMART HOMES - A MATCH MADE IN TECHNOLOGICAL (AND INVESTOR)
HEAVEN (SPONSOR)
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,09-07-2023]

The integration of Artificial Intelligence with Smart Home devices
opens up a world of possibilities.
We‚Äôve recently seen ROOMBA - the AI powered vacuum cleaner - get
ACQUIRED BY AMAZON FOR $1.7 BILLION!

RYSE IS ALSO CAPITALIZING
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,09-07-2023] on these trends
by AUTOMATING YOUR WINDOW SHADES ‚Äì with advanced sensors and AI
optimizing conditions for maximum energy savings.

They‚Äôve just opened their doors to new investors and you can own a
piece of their company for just $1.25/share
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,09-07-2023]. With a massive
retail launch just a few weeks away, they're in pole position to
dominate the Smart Shades industry.

Learn how you can invest in RYSE and capitalize on these fast growing
industries. [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,09-07-2023]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE SPENDING ‚ÄúMILLIONS OF DOLLARS A DAY‚Äù ON DEVELOPING
CONVERSATIONAL AI AS IT SEEKS TO MASSIVELY IMPROVE SIRI (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://superchargednews.com/2023/09/06/apple-latest-ai-effort-massive-spending/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple is reportedly spending millions of dollars a day on AI product
research with the goal of creating a Siri that can automate tasks
involving multiple steps. Most of the budget is dedicated to model
training, which requires a lot of expensive hardware. The company has
been working on large language models for four years, but it is
unclear what it has achieved with its multi-year lead. Apple's
internal chatbot apparently boasts greater capabilities than OpenAI's
GPT-3.5 model, but is less intelligent than GPT-4. 

DISNEY'S WILDEST RIDE: IGER, CHAPEK AND THE MAKING OF AN EPIC
SUCCESSION MESS (72 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/06/disney-succession-mess-iger-chapek.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article tells the inside story of the transition between CEOs for
Disney over the last few years. Bob Iger announced that he would step
down as Disney's CEO in February 2020, picking Bob Chapek as his
successor. Iger's plan would have him stay at the company as an
executive chairman for 22 months. Chapek was fired in November 2022
and Iger became CEO again, with an extended contract through to 2026.
Chapek says that his tenure at Disney was 'three years of hell'. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THE ROOM-TEMPERATURE SUPERCONDUCTOR THAT WASN‚ÄôT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/09/the-room-temperature-superconductor-that-wasnt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

LK-99 is a complicated chemical. While it isn't a room-temperature
superconductor, it has many interesting properties. This article takes
a look at some of these properties to explain why LK-99 behaves the
way it does. The nature of LK-99 made it difficult for scientists to
determine the source of its behaviors. 

WEIGHT-LOSS DRUGS OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY ALSO PROTECT YOUR HEART (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/health/2023/09/weight-loss-drugs-ozempic-and-wegovy-also-protect-your-heart/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Semiglutide was originally developed to treat type 2 diabetes. It may
also reduce heart failure and provide more general cardiovascular
benefits. Weekly injections of the drug can reduce the risk of stroke
and heart attack by 20%. While scientists don't entirely know how the
drug works, studies show that it may have many other uses, such as in
reducing alcohol consumption. The manufacturer that produces the drug
plans to seek regulatory approval in the US and Europe for more uses. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

HOW TO BUILD AN ENTERPRISE LLM APPLICATION: LESSONS FROM GITHUB
COPILOT (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-09-06-how-to-build-an-enterprise-llm-application-lessons-from-github-copilot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article discusses how to build and scale applications that use
large language models. It took GitHub three years to develop GitHub
Copilot from idea to production. The team used a three-stage plan for
development: they identified an impactful problem space for their LLM
application, created a smooth AI product experience, and then got the
application ready and usable for general availability. Further
resources on developing LLM applications are provided at the end of
the article. 

COMMIT MONO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/eigilnikolajsen/commit-mono?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Commit Mono is a neutral programming typeface designed to create a
better reading experience. It is designed to be quietly useful without
an eye-catching design or any confusing ligatures. Commit Mono is
inspired by common fonts. It uses an innovative technique that creates
better spacing positions while preserving monospacing to improve
kerning, creating a superior reading experience compared to other
monospaced fonts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY TUNNELS COULD BUILD TOMORROW‚ÄôS CITIES (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/the-frontier-of-boring?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the evolution of the tunneling industry and
current opportunities for disruption. Instead of complaining when
stuck in LA traffic, Elon Musk thought downwards and wondered why the
hundreds of meters of real estate underground were unused. A lot of
infrastructure for public transport globally is already built
underground. Building underground could help humans deal with weather
issues and provide much-needed room for human population growth. 

CORY DOCTOROW: INTEROPERABILITY CAN SAVE THE OPEN WEB (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/doctorow-interoperability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Cory Doctorow's latest book, The Internet Con: How to Seize the Means
of Computation, presents a case for disrupting Big Tech, arguing that
Big Tech's walled gardens are fenced in by legal structures, not feats
of engineering. Forcing interoperability could break down these walls
and make the Internet freer and more democratic. This article features
an interview with Doctorow, where he discusses how interoperability
could break up monopolies in Big Tech and beyond. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

IT‚ÄôS OFFICIAL: CARS ARE THE WORST PRODUCT CATEGORY WE HAVE EVER
REVIEWED FOR PRIVACY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundation.mozilla.org/en/privacynotincluded/articles/its-official-cars-are-the-worst-product-category-we-have-ever-reviewed-for-privacy/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Modern cars, which are outfitted with all sorts of data collection
devices, are terrible at privacy and security. 

AN INTERNET OF PHP (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://timotijhof.net/posts/2023/an-internet-of-php/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at statistics, anecdotes, and other evidence to
make the case that the internet runs on PHP. 

INTEL'S OPEN SOURCE STRATEGY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/intels-open-source-strategy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A transcript of a podcast where Arun Gupta, Intel's general manager of
Open Ecosystem Initiatives, talks about making software greener and
safer. 

HOW TO FIND TIME TO LEARN AFTER WORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.feststelltaste.de/how-to-find-time-to-learn-after-work/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The trick is to refine some of the time spent doing other tasks into
learning time - for example, listen to podcasts while commuting to
work. 

STARSHIP IS STACKED AND READY TO MAKE ITS SECOND LAUNCH ATTEMPT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/09/starship-is-stacked-and-ready-to-make-its-second-launch-attempt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX is still waiting for FAA license approval for the second test
launch. 

US LAWMAKERS ARE PUSHING GOOGLE TO RESTRUCTURE AMID MONOPOLY CONCERNS
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/google-antitrust-search-competition-lawsuit-doj/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is under investigation for monopolistic practices, with
accusers alleging the company gained dominance in the search engine
market through business partnerships. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=38013a3a-4d51-11ee-8909-49c595de20cf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694080819&t=1694083437&s=858e0bb448e6f24bfb3f9d3bd7851365d94ade72dd2fd125724884a8bd7e8a95].