# Articles TLDR 30-06-2023

YouTube is running a small global experiment that prompts users with
ad blockers to allow ads or try YouTube Premium¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b1d661b4-1723-11ee-884f-b3411aad54c9&pt=campaign&t=1688122290&s=0a337131a5c9015624ab493bd74759b8e0dd4c6c71f13f9e70f0186865b79331]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [CaseMark]
[https://casemark.ai/webinar?utm_source=tldr]

TLDR 2023-06-30

CASEMARK - PRIVACY-FIRST AI FOR LEGAL PROFESSIONALS [WEBINAR]
(SPONSOR) [https://casemark.ai/webinar?utm_source=tldr]

Prioritizing privacy, security, and accuracy, CaseMark is
revolutionizing legal processes and leading impactful change in the
legal profession.
Use our customized legal AI to streamline¬†workflows,
boost¬†productivity, and ensure¬†more thorough legal outcomes.

Learn how you can use AI in your daily workflows with our free AI for
Legal webinar [https://casemark.ai/webinar?utm_source=tldr].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

YOUTUBE TESTS DISABLING VIDEOS FOR PEOPLE USING AD BLOCKERS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/29/23778879/youtube-videos-disabling-ad-blockers-detection?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

YouTube is running a small global experiment that prompts users with
ad blockers to allow ads or try YouTube Premium. Some users have
reported that video playback is being cut off after viewing more than
three videos when an ad blocker is active. YouTube says that users
will receive multiple warnings before playback is disrupted. Users can
dispute their bans if they feel that they have been falsely flagged as
using an ad blocker. 

REDDIT IS TELLING PROTESTING MODS THEIR COMMUNITIES WILL NOT STAY
PRIVATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/28/23777195/reddit-protesting-moderators-communities-subreddits-private-reopen?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Reddit has given its moderators deadlines to lay out plans for
reopening. Subreddits will not be allowed to remain closed. The
company claims that moderators are violating the Moderator Code of
Conduct, which says that they need to be active and engaged. Many
subreddits have switched from private to restricted, so while content
can still be viewed by the community, only certain users are allowed
to post or comment. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

VIRGIN GALACTIC SPACEFLIGHT UPDATES: FIRST PAYING CUSTOMERS SET FOR
SPACE IN KEY STEP FOR TOURISM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/29/virgin-galactic-first-commercial-spaceflight-live-stream-updates.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Virgin Galactic completed its first commercial spaceflight on
Thursday. Galactic 01 took off from Spaceport America in New Mexico
with a pair of pilots, four passengers, and 13 research payloads. The
company plans to fly its spacecraft once a month after a second
mission in August. It currently has a backlog of about 800 passengers,
many who bought tickets for between $200,000 to $250,000 over a decade
ago. Ticket sales reopened two years ago, with prices starting at
$450,000 per seat. 

WELCOME TO FUSION CITY, USA (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/fusion?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A prototype reactor in Everett, WA is already producing high-energy
neutrons from nuclear fusion. Zap Energy's Fuze-Q prototype, which is
an office-desk-sized device, is designed to reliably produce enough
power for 30,000 homes all day and night, year-round. The system has
no cryogenics, no superconducting coils, no auxiliary heating, and no
magnets. Zap believes that gargantuan systems are unnecessary,
undesirable, and impractical for fusion power. The company is betting
that it will be easier to produce practical amounts of power by
stringing together short pulses of fusion activity rather than trying
to create a continuous fusion reaction. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITLAB'S AI-ASSISTED CODE SUGGESTIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://about.gitlab.com/solutions/code-suggestions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GitLab's AI-assisted Code Suggestions helps teams create software
faster and more efficiently. Developers can use the tool to complete
entire lines of code, generate tests, and more with a single
keystroke. The tool keeps source code secure - it is not used as
training data. GitLab's AI-powered Code Suggestions supports 13
languages, including C/C++, Go, Java, Python, and Rust. 

TYPEID (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jetpack-io/typeid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

TypeID is a modern and type-safe global unique identifier. It is
type-safe, K-sortable, and compatible with UUIDs. TypeID's encoding is
URL safe, case-insensitive, clear, easily selectable, and compact. 

FERN¬†- INSTANTLY CREATE A STRIPE-LIKE API EXPERIENCE¬†(GITHUB
REPO¬†SPONSOR) [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq]

Fern¬†is an open source tool to automatically generate idiomatic
client libraries and Stripe-like API documentation.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile already use Fern to
develop their APIs and generate their SDKs, click here to learn more
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LINDA YACCARINO'S VISION FOR TWITTER 2.0 EMERGES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/06/linda-yaccarinos-vision-for-twitter-2-0-emerges/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Twitter's new CEO Linda Yaccarino is preparing a series of measures to
bring advertisers back. The plans include introducing a video ads
service, attracting more celebrities, and increasing headcount.
Twitter's new ad format, which focuses on video, is still in a beta
stage. Yaccarino, known as the 'velvet hammer' in the ad industry due
to her tenacity in dealmaking, plans to make commerce easier on
Twitter and will seek to mend relations with partners. 

AN INTERVIEW WITH MARC ANDREESSEN ABOUT AI AND HOW YOU CHANGE THE
WORLD (73 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/an-interview-with-marc-andreessen-about-ai-and-how-you-change-the-world/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Marc Andreessen, co-founder of a16z, has authored three seminal
essays: 'Why Software is Eating the World', 'It's Time to Build', and
'Why AI Will Save the World'. This article contains a transcript from
an extensive interview with Andreessen about these essays, with a
particular focus on the most recent one about AI. There was also some
discussion of a16z-related topics. A link to the audio is available. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OCULUS FOUNDER EXPLAINS WHAT APPLE GOT RIGHT & WRONG ON VISION PRO (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.roadtovr.com/oculus-founder-apple-vision-pro-comments/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Palmer Luckey is mostly positive about the Vision Pro, but thinks that
he would have done a few things differently. 

CHATGPT.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chatgptjs/chatgpt.js?ref=producthunt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

chatgpt.js is a client-side library that makes it easy to interact
with the ChatGPT DOM. 

DECADES-LONG BET ON CONSCIOUSNESS ENDS ‚Äî AND IT‚ÄôS PHILOSOPHER 1,
NEUROSCIENTIST 0 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02120-8?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Neuroscientist Christof Koch bet philosopher David Chalmers that
humans would discover how the brain's neurons produce consciousness by
2023 - and lost. 

SILICON VALLEY IS BRACING FOR A 'DARWINIAN MOMENT FOR STARTUPS' IN
LATE 2023 (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ccyvM?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The economic landscape doesn't look very good right now - venture
capital is drying up and many startups don't have the cash to continue
for much longer. 

THE SAE IS STANDARDIZING TESLA'S EV CHARGING PLUG AS IT RACKS UP MORE
WINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/27/23775208/tesla-nacs-electric-car-charging-standard-sae-chargepoint?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SAE International has announced support for Tesla's North American
Charging Standard port, making it easier for electric vehicle charging
station manufacturers and operators to implement the port. 

BUILDING BOBA AI (35 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/building-boba.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Boba AI is an experimental AI co-pilot designed to augment the early
stages of strategy ideation and concept generation. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b1d661b4-1723-11ee-884f-b3411aad54c9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688119232&t=1688122290&s=0895989a8deb02978ab4ba95e12ab82663193685f4a525ed01c07ab99c92debc].