# Articles TLDR 28-02-2023

Elon Musk recently contacted AI researcher Igor Babuschkin to explore
the development of an alternative to ChatGPT.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=cb1cce9c-b733-11ed-aab5-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&t=1677586443&s=b4e51a65fb8f8b983270ac53eb23d51c49422f42888e98ed2b7d9277c376f160]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-28

COMPLIANCE DOESN‚ÄôT HAVE TO BE SLOW AND TEDIOUS (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Tired of wasting countless hours on compliance tasks? Get audit-ready
with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]:

	*
Ditch the manual screenshots and spreadsheets for a smoother,
automated workflow.

	*
Simplify complex frameworks like GDPR with pre-mapped controls and
requirements
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text].

	*
Communicate directly with your auditor through the Audit Hub
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text].

	*
Access 75+ integrations: cloud service providers, security awareness
solutions, developer tools.

	*
Save up to 200+ hours of repetitive work.

Try Drata today with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK REPORTEDLY EYEING DEVELOPMENT OF CHATGPT RIVAL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/elon-musk-reportedly-eyeing-development-of-chatgpt-rival/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk recently contacted AI researcher Igor Babuschkin to explore
the development of an alternative to ChatGPT. Musk co-founded OpenAI
in 2015. He was chairman until 2018 when he stepped down due to a
conflict of interest. Musk approached Babuschkin, formerly of
Alphabet's DeepMind AI, to form a research lab. The project is still
in the early stages and there are no concrete plans to develop
products. Babuschkin says he has not officially joined the project. 

MARK ZUCKERBERG ANNOUNCES NEW TEAM AT META WORKING ON A.I. PRODUCTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/27/mark-zuckerberg-announces-new-team-at-meta-working-on-ai-products.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta is creating a new product group focused on generative AI. It will
combine several teams to build tools to be used inside Meta‚Äôs
products. These tools will include experiences with text, images,
video, and multi-modal experiences. Meta's models are available to
researchers and are smaller and less expensive to use than other
competing models. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

‚ÄòWE HAVE MADE SCIENCE FICTION COME TRUE!‚Äô SCIENTISTS PROVE
PARTICLES IN A QUANTUM SYSTEM CAN BE REJUVENATED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://english.elpais.com/science-tech/2023-02-22/we-have-made-science-fiction-come-true-scientists-prove-particles-in-a-quantum-system-can-be-rejuvenated.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An Austrian and Spanish team have demonstrated that a process can be
‚Äòrewound‚Äô to restore the components of an atom to their previous
state. The team published papers proving that it is possible to
accelerate, decelerate, and reverse the flow of time within quantum
systems. These physical processes have the same effect on all
particles, regardless of their nature and interactions. The finding is
not a time machine, as time passes regardless. If a particle is to be
reverted to its state from five minutes ago, the process will take
that same amount of time. 

AUGMENTED REALITY HEADSET ENABLES USERS TO SEE HIDDEN OBJECTS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.eurekalert.org/news-releases/981015?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


MIT researchers have developed an augmented reality headset that gives
the wearer X-ray vision. X-AR uses computer vision and wireless
perception to locate items that are hidden from view. It sends out RF
signals, which can penetrate common materials, and then guides the
wearer to the item using an AR interface. When tested in a
warehouse-like environment, X-AR could localize hidden items to within
9.8 centimeters. The technology has potential applications in
e-commerce warehouses and manufacturing facilities. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

SUSPENSE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://suspense.vercel.app/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository contains APIs to simplify data loading and caching for
use with React Suspense. Suspense is a powerful feature that allows
developers to declaratively specify loading states for parts of the
component tree. It works best when deeply integrated into an
application's architecture and combined with the transition API.
Suspense makes the 'UI loading state' a first-class declarative
concept in the React programming model, allowing developers to build
higher-level features on top of it. 

REMIX UTILS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/sergiodxa/remix-utils?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Remix Utils contains simple utility functions to use with Remix.run.
Remix is a full stack web framework that provides a fast, slick, and
resilient user experience. It leverages web standards, distributed
systems, native browser features, and the Web Fetch API to provide
snappy page loads and instant transitions. Remix can run on Cloudflare
Workers, serverless, and traditional Node.js environments. 

HOW DOES DATADOG KUBERNETES MONITORING WORK? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-brief]


Whether you‚Äôre a mature Kubernetes shop or just beginning your move
to containers, Datadog Kubernetes Monitoring can help you better
understand and visualize your environment
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-brief].
Keep your Control Plane healthy, troubleshoot Kubernetes performance,
autodiscover and monitor services, and autoscale workloads with any
metric from your Datadog environment.
Learn how Datadog Kubernetes Monitoring works in this free product
brief
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/kubernetes-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-k8s-brief]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

USING LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS EFFECTIVELY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://unsupervisedlearning.substack.com/p/using-large-language-models-effectively?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Large Language Models have become increasingly popular since the
release of ChatGPT. Many companies are now experimenting with
potential use cases. This article looks at founders and executives who
have deployed AI features on top of LLMs. It discusses eight key
lessons for building with LLMS. 

COULD DEEP BOREHOLES SOLVE OUR NUCLEAR WASTE PROBLEM? (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/could-deep-boreholes-solve-our-nuclear-waste-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Deep boreholes are an alternative to underground mines for the
disposal of spent nuclear fuel. This method has lower costs and
environmental impact and would eliminate the need to transport spent
fuel across the country. Each nuclear plant could have its own
disposal borehole. While the capacity of boreholes is limited and some
larger waste items would not fit, deep boreholes are still a viable
solution for compact waste and spent fuel and could be a beneficial
alternative to mined repositories. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CLOUD SERVERS ‚Äî A NEW ASSET CLASS FOR INVESTMENT? (SPONSOR)
[https://s2wmedia.techcontenthub.com/Landing_Pages/NexGen/1.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20232802]


In the first offering of its kind, IaaS provider NexGen is giving
investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers. The
company is projecting 4-8% monthly returns. Get the info pack
[https://s2wmedia.techcontenthub.com/Landing_Pages/NexGen/1.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20232802]


SQLITE INDEX BLASTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/siara-cc/sqlite_blaster?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sqlite Index Blaster is a library for creating huge Sqlite indexes at
breakneck speeds. 

LINUX 6.2: THE FIRST MAINSTREAM LINUX KERNEL FOR APPLE M1 CHIPS
ARRIVES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/linux-6-2-the-first-mainstream-linux-kernel-for-apple-m1-chips-arrives/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Linux 6.2 adds upstream support for the Apple M1 Pro, M1 Max, and M1
Ultra chips. 

EXCLUSIVE: THESE ARE XIAOMI'S NEW WIRELESS AR SMART GLASSES, AND THEY
LOOK LIKE THEY'RE FROM THE FUTURE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.xda-developers.com/xiaomi-ar-smart-glass-hands-on/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Xiaomi's Wireless AR Smart Glasses gives its users a wearable screen
that floats in front of their faces without any wires. 

STACK OVERFLOW IS A MULTI-TENANT MONOLITHIC APPLICATION SERVING 2
BILLION MONTHLY PAGE VIEWS ACROSS 200 SITES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sahnlam/status/1629713954225405952?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazing stats and facts about Stack Overflow. 

WHY DIDN'T DEEPMIND BUILD GPT3? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://rootnodes.substack.com/p/why-didnt-deepmind-build-gpt3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI and DeepMind have different focuses and OpenAI had something to
prove. 

SNAPCHAT LAUNCHES AN AI CHATBOT POWERED BY OPENAI‚ÄôS GPT TECHNOLOGY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/27/snapchat-launches-an-ai-chatbot-powered-by-openais-gpt-technology/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


My AI is available as an experimental feature for Snapchat+. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

ESTENDA SOLUTIONS, INC. - SENIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE,
$90,000 - $130,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-developer/334] 

Estenda Solutions, Inc. is hiring a Senior Software Developer to work
on digital health projects for a digital health software development
and consulting company. 

NORTHONE - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER - FRONTEND (FULLY REMOTE, $110,000
- $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer---frontend/335] 

NorthOne is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to help build the future
of banking with a business banking and financial management platform
for small businesses across America. 

NORTHONE - ENGINEERING MANAGER (FULLY REMOTE, $160,000 - $190,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/engineering-manager/337] 

NorthOne is hiring an Engineering Manager to build solutions for
important problems facing small business owners for a business banking
and financial management platform. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=cb1cce9c-b733-11ed-aab5-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677582019&t=1677586443&s=ff5313f8de55f8fb3933dc015e8f7a1ee5100f6946761a95b1f32315b448d4fb].


¬†