# Articles TLDR 12-05-2023

Elon Musk has announced plans for a new Twitter CEO.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4226b87a-f09d-11ed-a7a5-e3add803c76a&pt=campaign&t=1683889609&s=eae1660717e2446b5a16fb8335ff3ba6adfb143a9143540d64ee3e6734fb51b3]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-12

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

ELON MUSK HAS FOUND HIS REPLACEMENT AS CEO OF TWITTER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/11/23517090/elon-musk-twitter-ceo-replacement?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk has announced plans for a new Twitter CEO. He did not reveal
the identity of the new CEO, but some sources say that it will be
Linda Yaccarino, an advertising executive currently at NBC Universal.
Musk will become Twitter's executive chair and chief technology
officer. He will still maintain ownership of Twitter. The new CEO will
be starting in around six weeks. 

ANTHROPIC‚ÄôS LATEST MODEL CAN TAKE THE GREAT GATSBY AS INPUT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/11/anthropics-latest-model-can-take-the-great-gatsby-as-input/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Anthropic has expanded the context window for its flagship AI model,
Claude, from 9,000 tokens to 100,000 tokens. Claude will now be able
to understand and recall conversations and texts for a longer period.
The updated model can retrieve information across multiple documents
or a book. The average person reads 100,000 tokens of text in around
five hours, but Claude can do this in less than a minute while
retaining full comprehension. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

PANCREATIC CANCER VACCINE SHOWS PROMISE IN SMALL TRIAL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.yahoo.com/pancreatic-cancer-vaccine-shows-promise-181909301.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A group of cancer scientists has developed a novel vaccine against
pancreatic cancer. The vaccine elicited an immune response in half of
the patients treated. There was no relapse of cancer in the patients
who responded to the treatment. The vaccine is personalized and
designed to teach each patient's immune system to attack the tumors.
The current cost of personalized vaccines is a significant barrier to
their widespread use. 

STABLE ANIMATION SDK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://stability.ai/blog/stable-animation-sdk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stability AI has launched the Stable Animation SDK, a set of tools for
creating animations using Stable Diffusion models. The SDK is aimed at
artists and developers. It allows users to create animations with
prompts, images, or videos. The SDK offers access to all the Stable
Diffusion models for animation generation. A video demo is available
in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

AI WILL CREATE MORE DEVELOPERS, NOT LESS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://interconnect.substack.com/p/ai-will-create-more-developers-not?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There is a debate on Wall Street about whether AI-generated code will
create or destroy jobs for developers. While there are still
opportunities to digitize more products and services, there will be
room for more developers. The use of AI in programming can actually
enable more people to fill the gaps in technology development. AI is
an accelerator, rather than a detractor, of developer growth. 

ENABLING INCREMENTAL FEATURE ROLLOUT OUTSIDE META ‚Äì REACT (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://react.dev/blog/2023/05/03/react-canaries?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta is providing an option for developers to adopt individual React
features earlier without having to wait for the next release cycle.
The features will be rolled out through Meta‚Äôs Canary release
channel. This approach will allow a tighter feedback loop and
comprehensive testing in the community. It will help bridge the gap
between when a feature is ready to use and when it is released in open
source. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STARTUPS ARE SCOOPING UP BIG TECH‚ÄôS CAST - OFF WORKERS (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/cxQgH?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Startups are attracting a rising number of laid-off software
developers, data scientists, and engineers. These companies offer
workers the opportunity to build software capabilities from scratch
and permanent remote or hybrid-work models. Working for startups also
includes equity stakes with higher predicted returns than those at
mature companies, as well as the chance to play a broader role in
decision-making. Many tech workers perceive startups as a way to
develop their proficiencies and progress their careers. 

MICROSOFT EMPLOYEES ARE HOOKED ON THE COMPANY‚ÄôS TRAINING VIDEOS (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/UjqTg?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Microsoft's compliance training videos have gained a cult following
since launching in 2017. 'Trust Code' has inspired watch parties,
viral memes, and T-shirts. It was initially planned to run for only
two or three years, but the show is now headed into its seventh
season. While new employees are not mandated to watch previous
seasons, the show's popularity has led to group binge-watching to
catch up on early episodes. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DATADOG‚ÄôS $65M/YEAR CUSTOMER MYSTERY SOLVED (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/datadog-65m-year-customer-mystery/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase spent $65 million on Datadog in 2022. 

JACK DORSEY-BACKED BLUESKY GAINS STEAM AGAINST ELON MUSK'S TWITTER (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/11/jack-dorsey-backed-bluesky-gains-steam-against-elon-musks-twitter.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bluesky has exploded in popularity over the past few months, although
it still lags far behind Twitter in total download volume. 

I'VE RAISED OVER $200M IN MY CAREER AND HAVE LEARNED A LOT ABOUT WHAT
WORKS & WHAT DOESN'T (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/dsiroker/status/1656756838984200192] 

A case example of how a public pitch resulted in a $350 million Series
A valuation. 

BREX'S PROMPT ENGINEERING GUIDE (52 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/brexhq/prompt-engineering] 

This guide covers the history of LLMs and strategies, guidelines, and
safety recommendations for working with them. 

THE JAVASCRIPT ECOSYSTEM IS DELIGHTFULLY WEIRD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://fly.io/blog/js-ecosystem-delightfully-wierd/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look at the history of JavaScript and how the ecosystem developed. 

ESTIMATED IQ DISTRIBUTION OF CHILDREN GIVEN IQ OF PARENTS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://milkyeggs.com/biology/estimated-iq-distribution-of-children-given-iq-of-parents/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


IQ variation within families can be quite high. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4226b87a-f09d-11ed-a7a5-e3add803c76a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683885619&t=1683889609&s=79efc51a3ec98da3fbafa61ffdfc8a8e7ff38fe003d5a39497e25ae6f4ef7df0].


¬†