# Articles TLDR 29-03-2023

Apple has launched its buy now, pay later service.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4c01ec00-cdea-11ed-ac7e-39c7101f9725&pt=campaign&t=1680087457&s=e583b4320ccb6cf7981663b698c78d77cd42d1c7d7c5f29c3f7cf14abce7a5ea]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-29

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE PAY LATER IS FINALLY LAUNCHING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/28/23660128/apple-pay-later-buy-now-launches?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple has launched its buy now, pay later service. Apple Pay Later
allows users to apply for loans between $50 to $1,000 via the Apple
Wallet with no fees or interest. Users will have six weeks to repay
the loan amount through four payments. Although Apple claims Pay Later
loans won't affect users' credit, the fine print warns that loan and
payment history may be reported to credit bureaus and could impact
credit. The service is currently available for randomly selected users
in the US for in-app and online purchases on iOS 16.4 and iPadOS 16.4.


GOOGLE PARTNERS WITH AI STARTUP REPLIT TO TAKE ON MICROSOFT‚ÄôS GITHUB
(4 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Qr11g?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google is partnering with Replit, a startup with software that helps
computer programmers write code. The partnership will see Google
combine its artificial intelligence language models with Replit's
Ghostwriter, which has 20 million users. Ghostwriter will rely on
Google‚Äôs AI to suggest blocks of code and answer developers'
questions. Replit will expand its use of Google's cloud services and
aims to attract more corporate customers. Google will distribute
Replit's software as part of the partnership. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS CREATED A NEW RECYCLABLE PLASTIC NOT MADE FROM CRUDE OIL (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/scientists-created-a-new-recyclable-plastic-not-made-from-crude-oil?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers at Boise State University have developed a new plastic
called PECA made from the same monomer used to make Super Glue.
Small-scale lab experiments suggest that 93% of the plastic can be
recycled into clean starter materials, even if mixed together with
other types of plastic waste, paper, or aluminum. PECA plastic
thermally 'cracks' at 210 ¬∞C. The resulting monomers can be distilled
for reuse. If introduced on an industrial scale, PECA plastic could
replace polystyrene plastics that are typically non-recyclable. 

THESE SCIENTISTS ARE PROBING SECRETS OF SQUID CAMOUFLAGE BY HACKING
HUMAN CELLS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/03/these-scientists-are-probing-secrets-of-squid-camouflage-by-hacking-human-cells/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers at the University of California, Irvine, have replicated
the properties of squid skin cells in human cells in the lab. The team
introduced squid-derived genes that encode reflectin into human cells.
Reflectin is a protein that clumps together into nanoparticles to
scatter light. The study focused on understanding the characteristics
of the protein and its ability to self-assemble into structures. The
resulting human cells were able to create reflectin structures that
were very similar, and with comparable refractive indices, to those in
squid cells. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PUSH NOTIFICATIONS ARE NOW SUPPORTED CROSS-BROWSER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/push-notifications-in-all-modern-browsers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Safari for macOS now supports standard push notifications. Safari for
iOS and iPadOS supports push notifications in version 16.4, but only
for Home Screen apps. An example of how to implement push
notifications in JavaScript is available in the article. 

ANNOUNCING OPENFLAMINGO: AN OPEN-SOURCE FRAMEWORK FOR TRAINING
VISION-LANGUAGE MODELS WITH IN-CONTEXT LEARNING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://laion.ai/blog/open-flamingo/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

OpenFlamingo is an open-source reproduction of DeepMind's Flamingo
model. It enables the training and evaluation of large multimodal
models. OpenFlamingo features a Python framework for training
Flamingo-style LMMs, a large-scale multimodal dataset, an in-context
learning evaluation benchmark for vision-language tasks, and the
OpenFlamingo-9B model based on LLaMA. 

MONITOR GPT APPLICATION USAGE IN NEW RELIC (SPONSOR)
[https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=global-fy23-q4-new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3]


It feels like everyone is building something on OpenAI. If you're
already using or plan to use GPT-3.5, GPT-4, or the ChatGPT APIs at
scale, it's important to monitor metrics like average request time,
total requests, and total cost
[https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=global-fy23-q4-new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3].
Learn how New Relic enables this with its industry-first MLOps
integration. Read the blog post
[https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=community&utm_campaign=global-fy23-q4-new-relic-integration-with-gpt-3]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENERATIVE AI SET TO AFFECT 300 MILLION JOBS ACROSS MAJOR ECONOMIES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/generative-ai-set-to-affect-300-million-jobs-across-major-economies/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Research by Goldman Sachs suggests that AI could automate a quarter of
the work done in the US and eurozone. The technology could spark a
productivity boom that could raise annual gross domestic product by 7%
over a 10-year period. It will likely bring significant disruption to
the labor market and affect an estimated 300 million full-time
workers. Around 7% of workers in the US are in jobs that could be
completely replaced by AI. 

THE ACCIDENTAL CONSUMER TECH COMPANY; CHATGPT, META, AND
PRODUCT-MARKET FIT; AGGREGATION AND APIS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/the-accidental-consumer-tech-company-chatgpt-meta-and-product-market-fit-aggregation-and-apis/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT may have started out as a demo, but it is now on its way to
being the next major consumer tech platform. The integration of
plugins last week signaled a major shift in ambition. It could mean
that OpenAI may eventually kill its API in favor of the ChatGPT
platform. While this is unlikely, startups building on OpenAPI's API
should consider alternatives. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MAP AND MOUNT S3 STORAGE AS A LOCAL VIRTUAL DRIVE (SPONSOR)
[http://nsoftware.com/tldr] 

S3 Drive is a powerful utility that enables you to connect and work
with any S3 compatible service as a local drive. Download the FREE
Starter Edition [http://nsoftware.com/tldr] 

INTERACTION NETS, COMBINATORS, AND CALCULUS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://zicklag.github.io/blog/interaction-nets-combinators-calculus/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This post covers Interaction Nets, Combinators, and Calculus at a
medium level, with just enough depth to see how the pieces fit
together but without too many details. 

TIKTOK BAN BACKUP PLAN? BYTEDANCE-OWNED INSTAGRAM RIVAL LEMON8 HITS
THE U.S. APP STORE‚ÄôS TOP 10 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/28/tiktok-ban-backup-plan-bytedance-owned-instagram-rival-lemon8-hits-the-u-s-app-stores-top-10/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lemon8's quick rise to the top may be due to paid user acquisition. 

GENE HACKERS CREATE MEATBALL FROM RESURRECTED MAMMOTH MEAT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/mammoth-meatball?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Vow has grown meat in the lab using mammoth DNA, but it won't be
available to consumers any time soon. 

AMAZON INVITES DEVELOPERS TO TEST SIDEWALK AND BUILD THE NEXT BILLION
CONNECTED DEVICES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://press.aboutamazon.com/2023/3/amazon-invites-developers-to-test-sidewalk-and-build-the-next-billion-connected-devices?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon Sidewalk, a network that covers more than 90% of the US
population, is now open for developer testing. 

ELON MUSK SAYS TWITTER‚ÄôS FOR YOU PAGE WILL ONLY RECOMMEND VERIFIED
ACCOUNTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/27/23659351/elon-musk-twitter-for-you-verified-accounts-polls?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starting on April 15, only verified accounts will be recommended on
Twitter's For You page. 

FACEBOOK PARENT PLANS LOWER BONUS PAYOUTS FOR SOME STAFF (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/dCiZN?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta will also more frequently assess employee performance. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

PINATA - PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $180,325 -
$197,185) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/principal-software-engineer/452] 

Pinata is hiring a Principal Software Engineer to make the experience
of creating and distributing media easier through client-side tools
and applications for a company that is building the tools and
infrastructure for a more free and empowering web3 generation through
IPFS. 

TASKRAY - SENIOR SALESFORCE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$160,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-salesforce-engineer/451] 

Taskray is hiring a Senior Salesforce Engineer to be responsible for
guiding and aligning the engineering and product team on high-level
architectural design choices, technical standards, tools, and
platforms for a company on a mission to ensure that businesses get off
to a great start with a flawless customer experience. 

SOJERN - PRINCIPAL SOFTWARE ENGINEER, DATA ARCHITECT (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-salesforce-engineer/451] 

Sojern is hiring a Principal Software Engineer to work closely with
the product, data science, and SRE teams to design, build, and deploy
highly scalable and efficient core platform services for a travel
marketing platform that serves thousands of hotels, attractions,
airlines, and destinations worldwide. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=4c01ec00-cdea-11ed-ac7e-39c7101f9725&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680084020&t=1680087457&s=03dca03ea15c50f9d1e4dae15427fac0603ecec51a5fae1790882e72de6fb421].


¬†