# Articles TLDR 05-09-2023

A leaker claims that a future iPhone model may be able to take spatial
photographs and videos that could be viewed by the Apple Vision Pro
headset.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=153f52ba-4bc2-11ee-9c99-05625c0d890a&pt=campaign&t=1693910605&s=af1c72db971a69cac12a030d15bbb44437ce234e40b86a16bfc28e99c39ab070]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-09-05

ü§î WHAT IF YOU COULD AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Compliance is mission critical. So is your product roadmap.
How do you maintain customer trust AND prevent engineering teams from
getting sidelined with tedious, repetitive compliance tasks?

Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
is the smartest way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA
compliance ( + other frameworks). Drata connects to all your dozens of
SaaS apps, automatically collects evidence 24/7
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none],
and gives you insights and reports to track progress.

So skip the manual labor and start automating today
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

You‚Äôll be in great company: Drata is used by thousands of companies
and rated 4.9 by 512+ reviewers on G2.

P.S. TLDR readers get 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE COULD BRING SPATIAL PHOTOS TO 'IPHONE ULTRA' AFTER VISION PRO
RELEASE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/09/04/apple-could-bring-spatial-photos-to-iphone-ultra-after-vision-pro-release?utm_medium=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A leaker claims that a future iPhone model may be able to take spatial
photographs and videos that could be viewed by the Apple Vision Pro
headset. Apple's Vision Pro has a three-dimensional camera capable of
taking spatial photographs and videos. Current cameras will likely not
be able to create 3D images good enough to be used in the headset.
Apple will need to include an extra sensor on the opposite end of the
rear of the iPhone to offer quality spatial photography. 

META AND LG REPORTEDLY WORKING TOGETHER ON A NEW APPLE VISION PRO
COMPETITOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/09/04/meta-lg-new-headset-vision-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A new report suggests that Meta has been working with LG to build a
new VR headset. The partnership involves working with many LG
subsidiaries, such as LG Electronics, LG Energy, LG Innotek, and LG
Display. Meta appears to be interested in targeting both premium and
entry-level segments. The headset will apparently launch in 2025 for a
price of around $2,000. Meta will launch the Quest 3 around the same
time for $499. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS NEURAL NET MAPS MOLECULES TO AROMAS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/digital-smell?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers have created a model that maps chemical structure to odor
descriptors using a type of deep learning algorithm called a graph
neural network. The model can successfully predict how humans would
describe new smells. It could potentially be used to digitize smells.
The Principal Odor Map is open source. A link to the repository for
the project is available in the article. 

CAN WE TALK TO WHALES? (47 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2023/09/11/can-we-talk-to-whales?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sperm whales can generate streams of clicks using a specialized organ
in their heads. These clicks can be used for echolocation or
communication. Communications using these clicks seem to have the
structure of a conversation. The Cetacean Translation Initiative
(CETI) is using machine learning to decode these communications. This
article takes a look at the current state of CETI's work. Generative
AI models may be able to create whale conversations that they
understand, even if humans aren't able to understand them. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

CUBER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cuber-cloud/cuber-gem?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Cuber is an automation tool that can package and deploy apps on
Kubernetes. It is made to reduce complexity and make the deployment
process more standardized and reliable. While Kubernetes is complex
and requires many steps and configurations, it is cheaper compared to
other similar solutions and it doesn't lock developers into any cloud
provider. Cuber provides developers with the simplicity of a Platform
as a Service at the cost of bare infrastructure. 

GITHUB HAS TOO MANY HIDDEN FEATURES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/github-has-too-many-hidden-features/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This page contains a list of hidden features in GitHub. The list
includes opening repos in online VSCode using '.', adding experimental
features, and regex code search. These features are all in the
official documentation. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PETE HINES ON STARFIELD, BETHESDA, AND BUGS: "WE EMBRACE CHAOS" (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gamesindustry.biz/pete-hines-on-starfield-bethesda-and-bugs-we-embrace-chaos?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article contains an interview with Pete Hines, head of global
publishing at Bethesda, where he discusses the company's history with
bugs, the state of the games industry, Starfield, the influence of
Xbox and Game Pass, and more. The company is known for having quirky
bugs in its open-world RPGs. Hines says that Bethesda would rather
have these bugs than limit player freedom. He says that the bugs don't
take away from the gaming experience and that the games are still
consistently fun. 

WHY I DON‚ÄôT WANT TO GROW MY FREELANCE DESIGN STUDIO INTO AN AGENCY
(16 MINUTE READ)
[https://neladunato.com/blog/why-wont-grow-freelance-studio-into-agency/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some freelancers don't want to grow their businesses beyond one
person. This is one freelancer's explanation of why they don't want to
permanently become part of any team ever again. The main reason is
that the way they work best is incompatible with agency work norms.
Working independently allows for a lot of freedom and flexibility.
Growth isn't always necessary, especially when you're happy with what
you have. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DOCTORS ARE GETTING READY TO GIVE PATIENTS A VACCINE THAT BLOCKS
FENTANYL'S EFFECTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/fentanyl-vaccine-trial?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The vaccine responds to fentanyl like a sponge, binding to the drug in
the bloodstream and preventing it from crossing the blood-brain
barrier. 

APPLE DENIES LOW DEVELOPER INTEREST IN VISION PRO; SAYS SDK DOWNLOADS
EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/09/04/developer-interest-in-vision-pro/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple stated that those who attended its Vision Pro developer labs
workshops were very satisfied with them. 

BIOTECH COMPANY SAYS IT'S IMPLANTED DOPAMINE-MAKING CELLS IN PATIENTS'
BRAINS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/biotech-dopamine-cells-parkinsons?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

BlueRock Therapeutics has implanted lab-made neurons into 12 people
with Parkinson's disease to stimulate a dopamine response - there are
indications that the treatment is reducing the patients' symptoms. 

FROM BROWSER BRAT TO BACKEND BOSS: WILL WASM WIN THE WEB WARS? (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/01/web_assembly_wasm_column/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

WebAssembly, a binary format that allows web developers to run code at
near-native speed, may indeed prove to be the future of backend
software development. 

HOW GOOGLE STORES 10,000 PETABYTES OF DATA EFFICIENTLY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.devmoh.co/p/how-google-stores-10000-petabytes?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at how Google uses Google Colossus, a distributed
file system, to store more than 10 exabytes of data on its servers. 

RAPIDGZIP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mxmlnkn/rapidgzip?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Rapidgzip enables parallel decompression for any gzip file. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=153f52ba-4bc2-11ee-9c99-05625c0d890a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693908019&t=1693910605&s=b12f239c39f51cb310c96942fb7f16320b1fcaffd4651f4e6cc2242ad2216fe1].