# Articles TLDR 30-08-2023

Apple has sent out invitations for an event on September 12 at 1 PM
ET.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=123d0c32-4704-11ee-8eed-43110ae0057f&pt=campaign&t=1693392185&s=e345f0909cb8372c07df851856caa782f055e09dc367aade5572971383eba272]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [NexGen Cloud]
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0-1-0?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=Aug%2023&utm_term=infrahub&utm_content=TLDR%20Main]

TLDR 2023-08-30

PROFIT FROM AI WORKLOADS - INVEST IN NVIDIA-POWERED SUPERCOMPUTERS
(SPONSOR)
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0-1-0?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=Aug%2023&utm_term=infrahub&utm_content=TLDR%20Main]


In the first offering of its kind, IaaS provider NexGen Cloud is
giving investors the opportunity to purchase its GPU cloud servers.
The company is projecting 30-50% annualised returns.

	* Targeting 150% profit over 5 years
	* Income-producing hands-off asset
	* Uncapped ROI
	* Limited Opportunity
	* Fully trackable earning via platform
	* First mover advantage - AI Boom needs more compute!

Get the info pack
[https://info.nexgencloud.com/gpu-asset-class-0-1-0?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=Aug%2023&utm_term=infrahub&utm_content=TLDR%20Main]

ARE YOU RUNNING AI WORKLOADS?
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/gpu-cloud-enterprise-features-on-demand-0?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=Aug%2023&utm_term=Hyperstack&utm_content=TLDR%20Main]

Make your complex workloads easier by launching your virtual machines
with our GPUaaS platform, Hyperstack.cloud [http://Hyperstack.cloud].
Enterprise-grade accelerated VMs at scale with an easy-to-use
platform.

_TLDR subscribers get __EXCLUSIVE EARLY ACCESS__ 1 day before public
launch tomorrow!_

Get Early Access
[https://www.hyperstack.cloud/gpu-cloud-enterprise-features-on-demand-0?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=Aug%2023&utm_term=Hyperstack&utm_content=TLDR%20Main]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

APPLE ANNOUNCES THE IPHONE 15 LAUNCH EVENT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/29/23819494/apple-september-event-iphone-15-pro-watch-ultra-date?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple has sent out invitations for an event on September 12 at 1 PM
ET. The company is expected to announce the iPhone 15 lineup and new
Apple Watches at the event. The iPhone 15 and iPhone 15 Plus will
likely feature the Dynamic Island and a USB-C port. The iPhone 15 Pro
and iPhone 15 Pro Max are rumored to feature titanium frames, thinner
bezels, big camera improvements, and a USB-C port. Apple will
reportedly introduce the Apple Watch Series 9 smartwatches and a new
version of the Apple Watch Ultra. 

GOOGLE TO CHARGE BIG BUSINESSES $30 PER USER PER MONTH FOR AI IN GMAIL
AND WORK APPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/29/google-will-charge-enterprises-30-a-month-for-duet-ai-in-workspace.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is adding artificial intelligence enhancements to Gmail and
other productivity apps. Duet AI will be available in the first half
of next year. It will cost large businesses $30 per month per user.
The fee will be on top of what companies are already paying for
Google's productivity suite. Companies will be able to join free
trials before committing to the subscription. The technology is
currently being tested by over 1,000 customers. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

VIRGIN GALACTIC‚ÄôS PRESIDENT EXPLAINS HOW VSS UNITY IS NOW FLYING
FREQUENTLY (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/virgin-galactics-president-explains-how-vss-unity-is-now-flying-frequently/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Virgin Galactic will conduct its next commercial space flight as early
as September 8. Galactic 3 will carry three passengers who bought
their tickets back in the early 2000s. If on schedule, it will be
Virgin Galactic's fourth space flight in four months. This article
features an interview with the company's Chief of Operations and
president, Mike Moses, where he explains the long downtime after Sir
Richard Branson's flight in 2021 and how Virgin Galactic reached a
monthly flight cadence. 

HOW SCIENTISTS ENGINEERED A SEE-THROUGH SQUID WITH ITS BRAIN IN PLAIN
VIEW (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2023/08/28/1196073961/how-scientists-engineered-a-see-through-squid-with-its-brain-in-plain-view?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists have created a genetically altered version of the
hummingbird bobtail squid using CRISPR technology. The squids are
almost transparent unless light hits them at the right angle. These
squids offer researchers a new way to study animals. They may be
especially interesting to brain scientists. The team that created the
squids is working to create more of the animals for other researchers.


üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

COST LIMIT FOR AWS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/revant-io/cdk-cost-limit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This repository contains a library of Amazon Cloud Development Kit
constructs for deploying cost-aware, self-limiting resources. It helps
developers set spending limits on AWS by disabling resources using
non-destructive operations when budgets are hit. The library can be
used to prevent large cloud bills due to mistakes in application code,
misunderstanding of pricing models, or malicious activities. 

STRINGZILLA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ashvardanian/Stringzilla?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

StringZilla is a library for fast string sort, search, split, and
shuffle. It can handle long strings and multi-gigabyte files in Python
and C. StringZilla uses a simple heuristic and hyper-scalar code to
achieve ludicrous speed (4.5 GB/s on IoT devices). 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

REPORTS OF THE PC'S DEATH ARE GREATLY EXAGGERATED, SAYS IDC (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/29/pc_bounceback_idc/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Analysts estimate that the PC market will return to growth in 2024. PC
shipments are forecast to grow 3.7% year-on-year. 2023 will likely be
the year with the greatest annual decline in consumer PC shipments
ever. The introduction of AI and the uncertainty surrounding the
future of remote work are likely causing people to delay purchases.
Windows 10 is set to retire in 2025, which will likely trigger some
sales. 

THE CONTRARIAN STRATEGY OF OPENAI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/the-contrarian-strategy-of-openai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OpenAI did many things differently than what Sam Altman would have
advised for YC startups. It launched a solution in search of a problem
with a capital-intensive business behind a login wall without any
social, sharing, or other viral features. It took the company 4.5
years to launch its first commercial product. OpenAI fundraises
through complicated financial structures. Altman is considering
deleting his blog as he feels bad about the advice that he gave back
when he was running YC. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INTEL SAYS NEW 'SIERRA FOREST' CHIP TO MORE THAN DOUBLE POWER
EFFICIENCY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/intel-says-new-sierra-forest-chip-more-than-double-power-efficiency-2023-08-28/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Sierra Forest will have 240% better performance per watt than Intel's
current generation data center chips. 

ASK HN: WHY DID PYTHON WIN? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37308747]

Python is the first language people working with data are exposed to
thanks to libraries like Numpy and Pandas. 

OBSERVE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dylibso/observe-sdk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Observe enables continuous monitoring of WebAssembly code as it
executes within a runtime. 

LLAMA 2 IS ABOUT AS FACTUALLY ACCURATE AS GPT-4 FOR SUMMARIES AND IS
30X CHEAPER (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.anyscale.com/blog/llama-2-is-about-as-factually-accurate-as-gpt-4-for-summaries-and-is-30x-cheaper?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Llama-2-70b is almost as strong at factuality as GPT-4 and
considerably better than gpt-3.5-turbo. 

GOOGLE MADE A WATERMARK FOR AI IMAGES THAT YOU CAN‚ÄôT EDIT OUT (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/29/23849107/synthid-google-deepmind-ai-image-detector?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SynthID generates watermarks that are imperceptible to the human eye
and robust to various transformations but easily caught by a dedicated
AI detection tool. 

MEASURING DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY? A RESPONSE TO MCKINSEY (21 MINUTE
READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This two-part article takes a look at whether it's possible to measure
developer productivity and how attempting to measure developer
productivity may be damaging to the engineering culture at companies. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=123d0c32-4704-11ee-8eed-43110ae0057f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693389618&t=1693392185&s=e5b14a987f8944134c645ab35e1d0bbe5d7d6cfef6a3764fd7267da53b5f2898].