# Articles TLDR 27-06-2023

DeepMinds Gemini large language model was trained using techniques
from AlphaGo¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c82709c6-14be-11ee-9fb4-b1b342deacb6&pt=campaign&t=1687862727&s=8993a4b3d43c1bedf66692362957af22ed29b6e21cf734feec1a73bb4a204080]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]

TLDR 2023-06-27

‚ú® NEW: AI FOR COMPLIANCE (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]

Secureframe‚Äôs Comply AI
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]
helps you remediate failing controls, generates fixes for IaC, and
provides tailored remediation guidance so you can meet your technical
compliance requirements.
The new AI features give a further edge to Secureframe‚Äôs compliance
automation platform
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]
‚Äî which also offers continuous monitoring and evidence collection
for over 150+ sources, personnel and vendor management, readiness
reports, AI-powered RFP automation, and much more.

Thousands of companies already use Secureframe
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]
to achieve and maintain continuous security and privacy compliance.
The platform is used for SOC 2, ISO 27001, PCI DSS, HIPAA, GDPR, CCPA,
and more.

üëÄSee how Secureframe‚Äôs new AI works
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=062723-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

DEEPMIND CLAIMS ITS NEXT CHATBOT WILL RIVAL CHATGPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/26/deepmind-claims-its-next-chatbot-will-rival-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

DeepMind's Gemini large language model was trained using techniques
from AlphaGo, the first AI system to defeat a professional human
player in the board game Go. Gemini can plan, solve problems, and
analyze text. It combines the strengths of AlphaGo-type systems with
the capabilities of large language models. Gemini's development was
spurred by the failures of Bard, Google's chatbot project. Jeff Dean,
Google's most senior AI research executive, directly participated in
the project. 

AMAZON WILL NOW PAY YOUR COFFEE SHOP TO DELIVER PACKAGES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/26/23773814/amazon-hub-delivery-network-small-businesses-launch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon is connecting with a range of small businesses across the US to
build out its package delivery network. Participating businesses are
required to have a physical location and be available for delivery
seven days a week. There are no long-term contracts and businesses
bring their own staff, vehicles, and devices. Amazon hopes to connect
with 2,500 drivers operating out of these small businesses by the end
of the year. Small businesses can apply to become an Amazon Hub
Partner online. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS DRUG CAN GIVE US AN EDGE IN THE BACTERIA-ANTIBIOTICS ARMS RACE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://newatlas.com/medical/deq-bacteria-resistant-arms-race/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bacteria can evolve genetic survival tactics much faster than humans
can find new drugs to kill them. Scientists from Baylor College of
Medicine discovered that a drug commonly used as a topical antiseptic
significantly slows the evolution of bacteria and makes cipro, the
second most prescribed antibiotic in the US, much more effective at
fighting infection. Their study suggests that it may be possible to
slow down pathogen evolution to the point where the body's immune
system can deal with the infection without antibiotics. Global
antibiotic resistance was responsible for nearly 1.3 million deaths in
2019. 

THESE 'CHIP-SCALE' ATOMIC CLOCKS EXTEND PRECISE TIMING BEYOND GPS
LIMITS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/chip-scale-atomic-clocks-accuracy-gps?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Researchers at NIST and Georgia Tech have developed a new type of
miniature atomic clock called a chip-scale beam clock. The technology
promises improved timing over weeks and months compared to existing
chip-scale atomic clock systems. The device, currently still in a
prototype stage, is the size of a postal stamp and initial tests show
scarcely worse performance than existing chip-scale atomic clocks. The
team is confident that they will be able to increase precision by a
factor of 10 and stability by a factor of 100 over weekly periods. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

MYCELITE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mycelial/mycelite?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Mycelite was created to make it easier to build local-first
applications that sync across devices. It allows developers to
synchronize changes from one instance of SQLite to another. Mycelite
currently only supports one-way synchronization, but the team is
working on integrating two-way synchronization. 

A SENIOR ENGINEERS GUIDE TO FAANG INTERVIEWS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://interviewing.io/guides/hiring-process?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This guide to FAANG interviews was created by interviewers for
candidates. The authors spent hundreds of hours talking to current and
former FAANG interviewers about their processes. While FAANG
interviews can seem daunting, they are much easier once you learn a
company's operating metaphors: what they reward, what they punish, and
what they're blind to. Learning a company's metaphors shows
interviewers that you're part of their tribe. 

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF AN ETHICAL HACKER (SPONSOR)
[https://go.snyk.io/day-in-the-life-of-an-ethical-hacker.html?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=day-in-the-life-of-an-ethical-hacker]

Ethical hackers proactively identify security weaknesses before they
can be exploited by malicious actors. Learn practical steps for
getting started with ethical hacking, from reconnaissance and
vulnerability exploitation to responsible disclosure.
[https://go.snyk.io/day-in-the-life-of-an-ethical-hacker.html?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=day-in-the-life-of-an-ethical-hacker]


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

2023 ENGINEERING SALARY EXPECTATIONS TRENDS REPORT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teamblind.com/blog/index.php/2023/05/22/2023-engineering-salary-expectations-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This report focuses on the impact of minimum salary requirement trends
on software engineers. Ongoing layoffs have created a saturated job
market, making it easier for employers to attract candidates at a
reduced cost. Workers are now emphasizing the importance of culture,
career growth, work-life balance, and stability. Employees are likely
to continue to place equal or more importance on these non-monetary
benefits as the economy rebounds. 

AI IS KILLING THE OLD WEB, AND THE NEW WEB STRUGGLES TO BE BORN (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/26/23773914/ai-large-language-models-data-scraping-generation-remaking-web?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the potential effects AI will have on the future
of the internet. The web used to be a place where individuals made
things, but then companies took over and created platforms. Layoffs
and AI-generated content are killing these platforms. AI systems can
scale effortlessly and their output may potentially overrun the
platforms people use for news, information, and entertainment. The
decisions that we make now will determine who makes information in the
future, how it is accessed, and who gets paid for it. 

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR MARKETING

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Marketing
newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has over 300,000
subscribers pre-launch. It's a great way to build a personal brand
within the marketing community.
The ideal candidate would work in marketing and enjoy keeping up with
marketing news and growth tactics through channels like Twitter,
Reddit, blogs, podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~5-10 hours/week (Sunday through Thursday). To
apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along with
a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

APPLY TO HIRE THROUGH TLDR TALENT
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey]

Apply as an employer [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] to
get access to TLDR Talent, where we make personal introductions
between cutting edge companies and world class tech talent looking for
their next mission (1000+ pre-vetted candidates available). 

VECTORS ARE THE NEW JSON IN POSTGRESQL (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://jkatz05.com/post/postgres/vectors-json-postgresql/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Vectors are a mathematical structure and JSON is a data interchange
format - both these representations have become essential to modern
application development. 

MICROSOFT CONSIDERED ACQUIRING BUNGIE AND SEGA TO BOLSTER XBOX GAME
PASS, INTERNAL EMAILS SHOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/26/23774482/microsoft-sega-bungie-acquisition-targets-internal-email-xbox?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft wanted to start acquisition talks with several game
companies to expand Xbox Game Pass to more audiences, but it is
unclear whether the strategy was approved. 

NEW TOOL TO SECURE YOUR GITHUB ACTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-26-new-tool-to-secure-your-github-actions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

action-permissions is a tool that monitors GitHub Actions workflows
and recommends the minimum permissions required to run them. 

STABILITY AI HEAD OF RESEARCH RESIGNS FROM STARTUP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/EAGyw]

Stability AI lost both its Head of Research and Chief Operating
Officer in June. 

UNICORN SOCIAL APP IRL TO SHUT DOWN AFTER ADMITTING 95% OF ITS USERS
WERE FAKE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/26/irl-shut-down-fake-users/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Social app IRL is shutting down after an internal investigation by its
board of directors found that almost all of its 20 million users were
bots. 

INTRODUCING THE MAGIC NIX CACHE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://determinate.systems/posts/magic-nix-cache?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Magic Nix Cache is a GitHub action that can dramatically speed up
Nix-related workflows for free with just one line in a YAML
configuration. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c82709c6-14be-11ee-9fb4-b1b342deacb6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687860021&t=1687862727&s=1db78cf591f26925e56b36c4a4cc6c4ec2efc92ebf2213a592b0539b0cb57f9b].