# Articles TLDR 08-02-2023

Microsoft has announced a new version of Bing powered by GPT-4.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2cf8d32c-a780-11ed-b790-f7d58c1095fd&pt=campaign&t=1675858168&s=46de4e20693f0e96933945b6867075dc23f064a05fe55f8adff8672a7af50302]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Skyflow]
[https://info.skyflow.com/indias-dpdp-bill-and-how-to-future-proof-compliance?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-08

INDIA'S DPDP BILL, AND HOW TO FUTURE-PROOF COMPLIANCE (SPONSOR)
[https://info.skyflow.com/indias-dpdp-bill-and-how-to-future-proof-compliance?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR]


In India, and throughout the world, data protection laws and
legislation are top-of-mind as pressure grows with each new data
breach scandal. The ever-shifting regulatory landscape around the
collection, storage, and processing of personal data can leave
businesses with ongoing uncertainty and compliance concerns. Join
Robin Andruss, Chief Privacy Officer of Skyflow, Niranjan Vemulkar,
Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Yellow, and Abanish Singh,
Head of Legal & Privacy at Vodafone Intelligent Solutions India, as
they discuss India‚Äôs upcoming Digital Personal Data Protection
(DPDP) Bill and how to use architectural solutions to handle
customers‚Äô personal data. Watch now
[https://info.skyflow.com/indias-dpdp-bill-and-how-to-future-proof-compliance?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

MICROSOFT ANNOUNCES NEW BING AND EDGE BROWSER POWERED BY UPGRADED
CHATGPT AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/7/23587454/microsoft-bing-edge-chatgpt-ai?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft has announced a new version of Bing powered by GPT-4. It
will launch the new Bing along with an upgraded version of Edge. The
new Bing offers a chat function where users can ask questions and
receive answers. Microsoft claims that the arrival of conversational
AI will change the search paradigm. Google unveiled a ChatGPT
competitor called Bard yesterday, which will be launched in the coming
weeks. 

GOOGLE CEO ISSUES RALLYING CRY IN INTERNAL MEMO: ALL HANDS ON DECK TO
TEST CHATGPT COMPETITOR BARD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/06/google-ceo-tells-employees-it-needs-all-hands-on-deck-to-test-bard.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


All employees at Google have been asked to test out its new ChatGPT
rival, Bard. Google will soon be enlisting help from partners to test
a LaMDA-powered API. The company has faced pressure from investors and
employees to compete with OpenAI's new chatbot. Bard's responses need
to be rigorously tested to ensure they meet quality and safety
requirements. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

NEW BATTERY SEEMS TO OFFER IT ALL: LITHIUM-METAL/LITHIUM-AIR
ELECTRODES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/new-battery-seems-to-offer-it-all-lithium-metal-lithium-air-electrodes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Most of the volume and bulk of current lithium batteries don't
contribute to carrying charges between electrodes, limiting the sorts
of energy densities possible. A new type of battery uses lithium metal
at one electrode and lithium air for the second. The battery has
decent performance out to over 1,000 charge/discharge cycles and can
store more than double the energy of current batteries. Its design
shows how well-performing lithium-air batteries can be constructed. 

STARSHIP WILL LIKELY LAUNCH TO ORBIT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MARCH (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/starship-to-launch-to-orbit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk has confirmed on Twitter that a Starship launch will be
attempted next month if remaining tests go well. SpaceX recently
carried out a full wet dress rehearsal of its Starship rocket and it
will carry out a 33-engine static fire test on Booster 7 in the coming
days. Starship aims to become the world's most powerful operational
rocket, a title currently held by NASA's Space Launch System. It will
be the first fully reusable human-carrying spacecraft. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DOCKER ROLLOUT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Wowu/docker-rollout?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

docker rollout is a Docker CLI plugin that updates Docker Compose
services. It features zero downtime deployment for Docker Compose
services and it supports Docker healthchecks. docker rollout currently
only supports services with scale 1 and requires a proxy to route
traffic. 

NANGO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/NangoHQ/nango?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Nango is a service that contains everything required to work with APIs
that use OAuth. It contains out-of-the-box support for over 40 APIs, a
frontend SDK to trigger new OAuth flows, and a backend SDK & REST API
to retrieve fresh access tokens for API calls. Nango can be deployed
in 15 minutes. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE GREAT BETRAYAL: AFTER CALLOUS LAYOFFS, WORKERS ARE DONE WITH THE
FULL-TIME WORK MODEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.a.team//mission/the-great-betrayal?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The majority of employees across all industries and company sizes have
become disillusioned with full-time employment. Most knowledge workers
have lost trust in the stability and security of full-time work. This
has resulted in a shift towards independent work for many workers.
Companies have been increasingly turning to independent workers to
give their businesses greater agility during times of economic
uncertainty. 

META ASKS MANY MANAGERS TO GET BACK TO MAKING THINGS OR LEAVE (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/JG1qD?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta has asked its managers and directors to either transition to
individual contributor roles or leave the company. This flattening
process will be separate from the existing performance reviews.
Individual contributors are not in charge of others. Their roles will
focus on tasks such as coding, designing, and research. The company's
plan to downsize has helped its stock grow more than 56% this year so
far. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

10X FASTER CSV IMPORTS (SPONSOR)
[https://oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=33111284]


OneSchema is a readymade CSV importer that you can embed in your apps.
Stop manually fixing your customers‚Äô data ‚Äî delight them with
frictionless onboarding instead. See OneSchema in action
[https://oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=33111284]


‚ÄòWE‚ÄôRE GOING THROUGH A BIG REVOLUTION‚Äô: HOW AI IS DE-AGEING
STARS ON SCREEN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/film/2023/feb/06/de-ageing-on-screen-ai-artificial-intelligence-film?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Metaphysic's technology can create high-resolution photorealistic
faceswaps and de-aging effects live and in real time without the need
for further compositing or VFX work. 

GOOGLE AND MOZILLA ARE WORKING ON IOS BROWSERS THAT BREAK CURRENT APP
STORE RULES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/02/google-and-mozilla-are-working-on-ios-browsers-that-break-current-app-store-rules/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


App Store rules require browsers to use Safari's WebKit rendering
engine. 

MOTION CANVAS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/motion-canvas/motion-canvas?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Motion Canvas is a TypeScript library that uses generators to program
animations with an editor that provides real-time previews of those
animations. 

I TRIED MICROSOFT‚ÄôS NEW AI - POWERED BING. SEARCH WILL NEVER BE THE
SAME (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/wXi5o?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The new Bing signals that a big change is coming to how we get
information and how we interact with computers. 

ZOOM TO CUT 1,300 JOBS AND CEO ERIC YUAN IS TAKING A 98% PAY CUT (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://nypost.com/2023/02/07/zoom-to-cut-1300-jobs-ceo-eric-yuan-will-take-98-pay-cut/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Zoom will lay off around 15% of its workforce and its CEO will forego
his fiscal 2023 corporate bonus. 

BIG DATA IS DEAD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://motherduck.com/blog/big-data-is-dead/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Most people have less than a terabyte of data in total data storage
and most organizations and fairly large enterprises have moderate data
sizes. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TLDR MEDIA - AI/ML/DATA SCIENCE NEWSLETTER CURATOR (FULLY REMOTE, $50
- $150/HR)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/ai%2Fml%2Fdata-science-newsletter-curator/258]


TLDR Media is hiring an AI/ML/Data Science Newsletter Curator to
curate the most interesting stories in AI/ML/Data Science 5 days a
week for a new AI/ML/Data Science newsletter that already has over
130,000 pre-signups. 

ABS QUALITY EVALUATIONS - CYBERSECURITY TECHNICAL MANAGER (FULLY
REMOTE, $130000 - $150000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/cybersecurity-technical-manager/284] 

ABS Quality Evaluations is hiring a Cybersecurity Technical Manager to
provide information security consultations, perform gap and
certification audits, maintain a C3PAO environment, and perform QA
reviews for a global leader in certified performance. 

CISCO - SALES DEVELOPMENT REPRESENTATIVE (CLOUD/KUBERNETES) (FULLY
REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/sales-development-representative-(cloud%2Fkubernetes)/281]


Cisco is hiring a Sales Development Representative to interface with
Cisco Account Managers and external customers to build a pipeline of
qualified sales opportunities for its Emerging Technologies and
Incubations division. 

KAINOS - SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (JAVA) (UNITED KINGDOM)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-software-engineer-(java)/282] 

Kainos is hiring a Senior Software Engineer to develop high quality
solutions for a company that specializes in Digital Services and the
Workday Practice. 

Over a dozen more jobs like these are posted every day on our job
board [https://tldr.tech/jobs], you can also set alerts
[https://tldr.tech/jobs] to be notified when jobs are posted that fit
your exact criteria. 

If your company would like to hire through our free job board, please
sign up here [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR, please take a look at our
sponsor page here. [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=2cf8d32c-a780-11ed-b790-f7d58c1095fd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675854040&t=1675858168&s=d07c8177fe2b4513e340ce8775c0939f16a5d39a6a527c4ebb5acde23e5dc1f9].


¬†