# Articles TLDR 09-03-2023

Spotify is introducing a new design to make it easier for users to
find new content to listen to and watch.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b00862f0-be5a-11ed-bef7-5532ba24bfd9&pt=campaign&t=1678364243&s=c616fe8ab17706af62fc237e68d8f7d8d61eec1cd6cc73c57dd881d474596363]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-03-09

3 WAYS TO IMPROVE DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY WITHOUT SACRIFICING CULTURE
OR QUALITY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]


Companies have become obsessed with measuring developer work. But what
actually improves it? Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]
uses a combination of research-backed metrics and tooling to:

	*
Measure proven productivity metrics
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]
tied to business impact, flow, code quality, and team health

	*
Adopt Working Agreements
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]
to encourage proven good habits like "avoid working alone" and set
numeric targets for code reviews, open PRs, and more.

	*
Use real-time alerts and nudges to improve collaboration and cut down
waiting times.

Learn more about the healthy way to improve developer productivity
with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/developer-productivity/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=march23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

SPOTIFY‚ÄôS NEW DESIGN IS PART TIKTOK, PART INSTAGRAM, AND PART
YOUTUBE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/8/23630821/spotify-design-home-music-podcasts-audiobooks-app?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spotify is introducing a new design to make it easier for users to
find new content to listen to and watch. The redesign incorporates
heavy use of imagery and vertical scrolling to increase
discoverability across the Spotify ecosystem. Spotify's new design
separates podcasts and music while giving each more space. Opening the
app presents a set of album and playlist covers, but also includes
autoplaying video podcasts and Instagram-style photos that provide
more information about relevant playlists. Examples of the new design
are available in the article. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS PALM-E IS A GENERALIST ROBOT BRAIN THAT TAKES COMMANDS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/03/embodied-ai-googles-palm-e-allows-robot-control-with-natural-commands/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google and the Technical University of Berlin's AI researchers have
developed a multimodal embodied visual-language model (VLM) called
PaLM-E. PaLM-E has 562 billion parameters, making it the largest-ever
VLM. PaLM-E combines language and vision for robotic control and can
perform a range of tasks without requiring retraining by analyzing
data from its camera. It is adaptable and can react to changes in its
surroundings. PaLM-E exhibits emergent abilities such as multi-image
inference, even though it was trained on single-image prompts. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THIS GEOTHERMAL STARTUP SHOWED ITS WELLS CAN BE USED LIKE A GIANT
UNDERGROUND BATTERY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/py5dX?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Fervo Energy claims it can create flexible geothermal power plants
that can increase or decrease their electricity output as needed. The
power plants would serve as a power source in periods of low
production and act as a battery. While there are still outstanding
questions about whether the system is scalable, affordable, and
entirely safe, the technology offers a way to make it cheaper and
easier to eliminate greenhouse-gas emissions from electricity systems.


RESEARCHERS DEVELOP BLOOD TEST FOR ANXIETY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2023/03/230307143746.htm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers from the Indiana University School of Medicine have
developed a validated blood test to objectively determine an
individual's level of anxiety, the severity of their current anxiety,
and which therapies are suitable. Physicians at MindX Sciences are
currently developing the test for wider use. The test could also
determine a person's risk of developing future anxiety and evaluate
how hormonal changes might impact their anxiety. The new test, when
used in conjunction with other tests, provides a more comprehensive
view of a patient's mental health and could be used to develop new,
more individualized anxiety treatments based on a patient's
biomarkers. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

UPTRAIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/uptrain-ai/uptrain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

UpTrain is a tool that aids machine learning (ML) practitioners in
observing and improving ML models for optimal performance. It is a
data-secure tool that easily integrates with existing production
pipelines. UpTrain's features include data drift checks, data
integrity checks, customizable metrics, real-time dashboards to
monitor the model's health, edge case signals, AI explainability, and
special dashboards to understand model-inferred embeddings. Users can
get alerts on Slack when using UpTrain. 

TRANCE STACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/meza/trance-stack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Trance Stack is a Remix stack built for AWS Lambda, providing various
features such as authentication, security, internationalization,
feature flags, and analytics. It is intended to serve as a starting
point for Remix projects. The stack offers production-ready Remix
applications and allows for customization and modification in
accordance with users' preferences. 

WHAT THE HECK IS OAUTH? (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]


When you click on the "Login with Google" button on a website form,
that is OAuth in action. It's the standard that lets users grant
websites access to their information on other sites. But how does it
work? We put together an expert guide
[https://fusionauth.io/ebooks/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=oauth_ebook]
based on hundreds of conversations and implementations of an OAuth
server that has been downloaded millions of times. No fluff, just a
real-world perspective covering the modern use cases of OAuth. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI LOOKS LIKE A BUBBLE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/napkin-math/ai-looks-like-a-bubble?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


AI seems to be the new bubble, with multiple reports of companies
raising large valuations despite having no revenue. Bubbles are when
people buy too much unnecessary stuff due to the belief that they can
sell it to someone even more ignorant. An example of this is the
crypto bubble of 2017 where blockchain companies saw huge gains in
stock price as a result of Bitcoin skyrocketing. While emerging
technology can lead to new opportunities, returns from these
opportunities are not likely to be distributed equally. 

THE PERILS OF WORKING ON A CEO‚ÄôS PET PROJECT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/5uu9D?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tech companies have turned to mass layoffs in order to make cuts. Many
employees are at risk of losing their jobs due to the failure of
long-term projects. Unlike previous years, employees can no longer
slip into another position at their company if a project fails.
Employees are now much more vulnerable to layoffs. Technology projects
that were previously championed by former CEOs, but may be years from
profitability, are the most affected by layoffs in recent months. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SAM ALTMAN INVESTED $180 MILLION INTO A COMPANY TRYING TO DELAY DEATH
(11 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/2023.03.08-143713/https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/03/08/1069523/sam-altman-investment-180-million-retro-biosciences-longevity-death]


Retro Biosciences came out of stealth mode in mid-2022 with the
mission to add 10 years to the average human lifespan. 

GOOGLE AND META OVER-HIRED THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES WHO DO 'FAKE WORK,'
SAYS PAYPAL MAFIA'S KEITH RABOIS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Eo9ya?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Rabois says that Google and Meta brought on too many staff to fulfill
the vanity metric of hiring. 

ADHD STARTUPS ARE EXPLODING, AND NOW THERE EVEN A DEDICATED BROWSER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/06/adhd-startups-are-exploding-and-now-there-even-a-dedicated-browser/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sidekick is a productivity browser with features geared towards ADHD
sufferers. 

AMERICANS ARE HAVING MORE BABIES. IS REMOTE WORK THE CAUSE? (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/hsHcm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Statisticians observed a surprising increase in the number of babies
born last year. 

HOW DOES THE WORLD'S FIRST VACCINE FOR HONEYBEES WORK? "IT'S LIKE
MAGIC" (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbsnews.com/news/first-vaccine-honeybees-its-like-magic/?ftag=YHF4eb9d17?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Scientists hope that the vaccine will pave the way for other vaccines.


LLAMA CPU FORK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/markasoftware/llama-cpu?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a fork of Facebook's LLaMa model that runs on
the CPU. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

TEKSYSTEMS - SENIOR FULL STACK C# DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE, $120,000 -
$160,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-full-stack-c%23-developer/365] 

TEKsystems is a third-party recruiter hiring for a Senior Full Stack
C# Developer to play a central role in executing a client‚Äôs
Microsoft Azure platform cloud strategy. 

QATALOG LTD - SENIOR BACKEND SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $65,000
- $115,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-software-engineer-(fully-remote)/364]


Qatalog Ltd is hiring a Senior Backend Software Engineer to be
responsible for establishing best practices for technical
architecture, quality control, scalable design, and modularity of the
codebase for a company that creates bespoke software that centralizes
people, processes, and knowledge. 

NEXGEN CLOUD - SENIOR BACKEND DEVELOPER - SENIOR BACKEND DEVELOPER -
PYTHON (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/senior-backend-developer---python/366] 

NexGen Cloud is hiring a Senior Backend Developer to take charge of
various Python development projects to assist in building out billing,
monitoring and alerting, automation, and business logic systems for an
Infrastructure as a Service provider. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=tech].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b00862f0-be5a-11ed-bef7-5532ba24bfd9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678359619&t=1678364243&s=c46f8ef846c4f0e4dd9f2e8bdfd6ab4c704070a7b6f60905034e9ed25d4445b5].


¬†