# Articles TLDR 09-05-2023

Details of Googles upcoming 11-inch Pixel Tablet were leaked on a
now-deleted Amazon Japan listing.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=826d8d2c-ee41-11ed-9ddb-eb718220751d&pt=campaign&t=1683630456&s=cffcfe83d82cb5910b5fe45aed6e216b3f55d9f1bbc70245dae51f61e1e4bcbe]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23]

TLDR 2023-05-09

ANOTHER DASHBOARD ISN‚ÄôT GOING TO MAKE DEVS MORE PRODUCTIVE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23]


You don‚Äôt need more meaningless metrics. You need healthy,
research-backed insights with tools that help engineering teams take
action.
Keep your devs happy and productive with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23]:

	*
ANALYZE ACTIVITY PATTERNS wherever engineering works happens to
identify anti-patterns and remove blockers
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23].

	*
IMPROVE (AND PROVE) THE BUSINESS IMPACT OF ENGINEERING by making sure
time is spent on what matters.

	*
MEASURE THE RIGHT STUFF and focus on a balanced set of research-backed
software development metrics (DORA, SPACE, and beyond
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23]).

	*
DRIVE CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT with working agreements and feedback
loops.

Swarmia is trusted by Vercel, Outreach, and Pleo. Sign up for FREE now
[https://www.swarmia.com/product/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=may23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE PIXEL TABLET SPECS LEAK JUST DAYS AHEAD OF I/O (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/8/23715130/google-pixel-tablet-specs-leak-release-date-io?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Details of Google's upcoming 11-inch Pixel Tablet were leaked on a
now-deleted Amazon Japan listing. The Pixel Tablet will be powered by
Google's own Tensor G2 chip and come with 8GB of RAM, up to 256GB of
storage, an LCD with 2560x1600 resolution and 500 nits of brightness,
a battery that can support up to 12 hours of video streaming, USI 2.0
stylus support, two eight-megapixel cameras on the front and back,
quad speakers, three microphones, a USB-C charging port, and Wi-Fi 6.
The Pixel Tablet is likely to start at around ‚Ç¨600 ($662) and come
in four color options. The listing suggested that the tablet will be
launched on June 20th. 

ELON MUSK SAYS TWITTER IS PURGING OLD ACCOUNTS, FREEING UP DESIRED
USERNAMES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/08/elon-musk-says-twitter-is-purging-old-accounts-freeing-up-desired-usernames/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter is purging inactive accounts that have had no activity at all
for several years. The move may free up desirable usernames. Twitter
has had an inactive account policy for years, but the platform hadn't
made a widespread effort to enforce that rule until now. Users with
inactive followers will see their follower counts drop. The
availability of desirable usernames could lure users back to Twitter,
potentially improving Twitter's network effects and ability to make
money. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

GENE EDITING MAKES BACTERIA-KILLING VIRUSES EVEN MORE DEADLY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/05/gene-editing-makes-bacteria-killing-viruses-even-more-deadly/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Danish company SNIPR BIOME has developed an antimicrobial drug using
engineered bacteriophages for people with blood cancers. SNIPR001 is
aimed at patients who require chemotherapy. Chemotherapy can cause
immunosuppression, making it difficult for patients to fight off any
infections that escape from their gut into their bloodstream. SNIPR
BIOME's engineered bacteriophages target harmful bacteria without
promoting drug resistance. SNIPR001 is currently undergoing clinical
trials. 

DOCTORS HAVE PERFORMED BRAIN SURGERY ON A FETUS IN ONE OF THE FIRST
OPERATIONS OF ITS KIND (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/4uhHJ#selection-305.0-315.50?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Doctors recently performed one of the first-ever fetal brain surgeries
as part of an experimental study to save the life of a baby girl near
Boston. The seven-week-old fetus was diagnosed prenatally with a
condition that caused blood to pool in her brain. Doctors were able to
treat her in utero before any major issues occurred. The operation's
success could pave the way for the treatment of similar brain
conditions in other fetuses and potentially revolutionize the future
of fetal brain surgery. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

GITHUB CODE SEARCH IS GENERALLY AVAILABLE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-08-github-code-search-is-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub's new code search and code view are now available to all users.
Developers typically spend more time reading and understanding code
than writing it. The new features will help prevent time from being
wasted on understanding code. They can help developers to search,
navigate, and understand their code, put critical information into
context, find vulnerabilities and configurations, and fix bugs. 

HOW TO RECOVER FROM MICROSERVICES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/how-to-recover-from-microservices-ce3803cc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


While there may be cases where a microservices-first architecture
makes sense, the majority of systems are better suited to a monolith.
This article discusses what to do in situations where a microservices
architecture has already been prematurely implemented. Microservices
are a tool. They are most effective when used on large, complex
systems that have evolved from smaller, simpler systems. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SPEED TRAP (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23711172/google-amp-accelerated-mobile-pages-search-publishers-lawsuit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google introduced Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) to save the mobile
web in 2015. AMPs were a new format for mobile-first web pages aimed
at making them as fast, usable, and instantly-loading as mobile apps.
Publishers enjoyed an increase in search traffic by adopting the
format, but AMP limited their ability to monetize web pages. AMP seems
to have faded away, with most publishers withdrawing support, and even
Google seems disinterested in the technology. 

EIGHT THINGS TO KNOW ABOUT LLMS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://swizec.com/blog/eight-things-to-know-about-llms/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Large Language Models (LLMs) are known to improve in performance as
their size increases. These models have been shown to possess
unexpected abilities, for example, they can create mental models. LLMs
cannot be reliably guided towards specific outputs and their inner
workings remain a mystery. They have been shown to outperform humans
in some tasks. Plain LLMs mirror the biases contained in their
training data. LLMs demo well, but they can fail on simple tasks. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW SHOPIFY TRIED AND FAILED TO CHALLENGE AMAZON IN LOGISTICS (9
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/67hXd?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Shopify is selling most of its logistics business, ending a nearly
four-year effort to compete with Amazon's fulfillment services. 

OPEN LLMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/eugeneyan/open-llms?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository contains a list of open LLMs available for commercial
use. 

WELCOME TO NORMAL: THE TOWN THAT HOLDS THE KEYS TO RIVIAN‚ÄôS FUTURE
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/05/welcome-to-normal-the-town-that-holds-the-keys-to-rivians-future/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article talks about how Rivian built its factory, how the company
developed its vehicles, its future, and how Rivian has affected the
town of Normal, Illinois. 

ALPHABET TO UNVEIL A.I. UPDATES AT GOOGLE I/O, SHOWING OFF CREATIVE
WRITING AND CODING CAPABILITIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/08/google-io-to-feature-ai-updates-showing-off-palm-2-llm.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is preparing to unveil PaLM 2, which includes more than 100
languages and can perform a broad range of coding, math, and creating
writing tasks. 

GARPH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/stepci/garph?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Garph is a GraphQL schema-builder for TypeScript that provides a
GraphQL compatibility layer and type-safety primitives for any
TypeScript project. 

SAM ALTMAN‚ÄôS CRYPTO PROJECT, WORLDCOIN, RELEASES FIRST MAJOR
CONSUMER PRODUCT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/05/08/sam-altmans-crypto-project-worldcoin-releases-first-major-consumer-product/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


World App is a minimalist crypto wallet built on Polygon that features
a digital passport for World ID holders. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=826d8d2c-ee41-11ed-9ddb-eb718220751d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683626421&t=1683630456&s=e11d3781bd3ee63b22f40a49e9e45b42937664aa1aaf4c560ad5ec732acc6148].


¬†