# Articles TLDR 24-04-2023

Apple has launched two big products with Goldman Sachs‚Äô help over
the past three weeks.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=55dd7bee-e27c-11ed-9ae1-af9232ebcb90&pt=campaign&t=1682334085&s=b6ee8379a57a9c743755474ba46f3f56e4f0bb80f4c333e17675272cb5ee5c8e]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swarmia]
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=april23]

TLDR 2023-04-24

NON-TOXIC ENGINEERING METRICS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=april23]


Between GitHub, Jira/Linear, and Slack, engineering teams create a lot
of data. But measuring the wrong things can destroy motivation and
productivity.
Swarmia has identified key metrics
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=april23]
that are more signal than noise (including DORA and SPACE) ‚Äî and
makes them available to engineering leaders, managers, and teams. No
leaderboards, no individual performance data.

Swarmia is trusted by high-performing engineering teams
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=april23]
at Vercel, Outreach, and Pleo. You can check it out with a 14-day free
trial, a live demo, or the free-forever startup edition for smaller
teams.

Learn more about what you can (and can‚Äôt) measure with Swarmia
[https://www.swarmia.com/engineering-metrics/?utm_campaign=TLDR&utm_source=email&utm_medium=cpv&utm_content=april23]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

WILL APPLE TAKE A BIG BITE OUT OF THE BANKS? (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/orfjC?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Apple has launched two big products with Goldman Sachs‚Äô help over
the past three weeks. Apple Pay Later allows consumers to borrow funds
and Savings is a high-yield savings account that offers a 4.15%
interest rate. Apple's scale makes many banks and other providers of
financial services look small. The company has been vocal in its
ambitions to replace the wallet. Apple typically expands into new
sectors through incremental steps that give it a sustainable advantage
over time. 

APPLE WILL LAUNCH A JOURNALING APP IN IOS 17, BUT THAT‚ÄôS BAD NEWS
FOR SOME DEVS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/apple-plans-mental-health-focused-journaling-app-for-ios-17/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple will unveil a personal journaling app at the Worldwide
Developers Conference in June. The app will be pre-installed on iOS 17
and deeply integrated with location services, contacts, and other
phone features. Apple plans to position the app as a mental health
tool. The app will look at local data to determine what a typical day
looks like for the user and make recommendations on what users might
want to journal about. Its close integration with user data and other
pre-installed apps will make it difficult for other journaling apps to
compete. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS MAY HAVE FIGURED OUT HOW TO REGENERATE LOST HEARING (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/scientists-figured-out-regenerate-lost-hearing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Harvard Medical School scientists have created a cocktail of molecules
that they claim can successfully regenerate hair cells in the inner
ear that enable hearing. The treatment works by reprogramming genetic
pathways in the inner ear. It has been tested in mice and the
scientists are now working towards human clinical trials. If
successful, the research could have a profound impact on individuals
with hearing loss. 

WATCH A ROCKET-POWERED SPACEPLANE FLY FOR THE FIRST TIME (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.freethink.com/space/spaceplane?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dawn Aerospace flew its rocket-powered spaceplane for the first time
on March 29. The New Zealand-based company conducted two more tests in
the next two days. Dawn's rocket-powered spaceplane is designed to fly
to space twice a day. Its reusable design means that it can send
objects into space for cheaper. The spaceplane is able to fly without
clearing each flight with regulators as it takes off and lands
horizontally from a runway. A video of the spaceplane taking off is
available in the article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

KUASAR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kuasar-io/kuasar?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Kuasar is a container run time that supports multiple sandbox
techniques. It provides cloud-native, all-scenario container solutions
and an optimized framework to accelerate container start up and reduce
unnecessary overheads. Kuasar features unified sandbox abstraction,
multi-sandbox colocation, and an open and neutral attitude towards
sandbox technologies. 

PROMPT ENGINEERING VS. BLIND PROMPTING (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://mitchellh.com/writing/prompt-engineering-vs-blind-prompting?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blind prompting, a method of creating prompts using a crude
trial-and-error approach paired with minimal or no testing, is not
prompt engineering. Many people who claim to be prompt engineering are
really just blind prompting. Prompt engineering is a real skill that
can be developed based on real experimental methodologies. This
article uses a realistic example to walk through the process of prompt
engineering a solution to a problem that provides practical value to
an application. 

AVOIDING MASS ASSIGNMENT VULNERABILITIES IN NODE.JS (SPONSOR)
[https://snyk.io/blog/avoiding-mass-assignment-node-js/?utm_campaign=aom_2023&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_source=tldr&utm_content=avoiding-mass-assignment-node-js]


Mass assignment vulnerabilities are common in Node.js applications
that send payloads in POST requests to the database. Check out
Snyk‚Äôs article on how an attacker can exploit a mass assignment
vulnerability in a Node.js project and ways to protect a web
application against it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CAREER ADVICE NO ONE GAVE ME: GIVE A LOT OF NOTICE WHEN YOU QUIT (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://davidlaprade.github.io/give-a-lot-of-notice?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Giving employers a lot of notice before quitting has several benefits
for both the employee and the company. The employee is able to work
stress-free for several weeks, usually on preferred projects. Managers
are able to retain more competent engineering hours and also have an
excuse if they are unable to meet important milestones. More notice
allows for a smoother and less expensive transition. This article
discusses the benefits of giving lots of notice before quitting, how
to quit, and how to negotiate a more favorable exit from current
employers. 

LAYOFF RUNBOOK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/derwiki/layoff-runbook?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This runbook was designed to help those who have been laid off get on
track. It covers what to do before and after losing access to work
systems and how to go about searching for jobs. The guide contains
links to job marketplaces and other places to look for work. It is
mainly geared towards software engineers, but most of the information
can be applied to any profession. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WORLD‚ÄôS LARGEST BATTERY MAKER ANNOUNCES MAJOR BREAKTHROUGH IN ENERGY
DENSITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedriven.io/2023/04/21/worlds-largest-battery-maker-announces-major-breakthrough-in-battery-density/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


CATL has announced a new condensed battery with 500 Wh/kg that will go
into mass production this year. 

GAMES ARE PROBLEMS PEOPLE PAY TO SOLVE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://invertedpassion.com/games-are-problems-people-pay-to-solve/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Games are problems that people willingly pay with time or money to
solve. 

WHEN A PLAN COMES TOGETHER: INSIDE A MASSIVE EVE ONLINE CORPORATE
HEIST (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2023/04/when-a-plan-comes-together-inside-a-massive-eve-online-corporate-heist/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The story of how and why an Eve Online player used the game's
corporate share voting system to take control of in-game assets worth
tens of thousands of dollars. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS BARD AI CHATBOT CAN NOW HELP YOU CODE AND CREATE FUNCTIONS
FOR GOOGLE SHEETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/21/23692517/google-ai-bard-chatbot-code-support-functions-google-sheets?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bard can now generate code, debug existing code, and help explain
lines of code in more than 20 programming languages. 

CHIP DESIGNER ARM MAKES ITS OWN ADVANCED PROTOTYPE SEMICONDUCTOR (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Ifeon?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Arm is developing its own chips as it seeks to attract new customers
and fuel growth. 

MY HIGH-FLYING LIFE AS A CORPORATE SPY WHO LIED HIS WAY TO THE TOP (33
MINUTE READ)
[https://narratively.com/my-high-flying-life-as-a-corporate-spy-who-lied-his-way-to-the-top/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains an excerpt from Ruse: Lying the American Dream
from Hollywood to Wall Street, a book by Robert Kerbeck that talks
about his work as a corporate spy. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=55dd7bee-e27c-11ed-9ae1-af9232ebcb90&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682330418&t=1682334085&s=59b2f69b67dc7fe79aad6878d7bd5b642881cbe5bb244fad626ce96480f963cf].


¬†