# Articles TLDR 16-02-2023

Google has started company-wide internal testing of its AI chatbot,
Bard.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0b6637ee-adbc-11ed-889d-7f07f3e856eb&pt=campaign&t=1676549491&s=26f5a5ac3a1c164ff17f3931e5ca3a91acd35a09682f0b8c10a87a707e26beae]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Interview Kickstart]
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_tech_newsletter_sorting]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-16

YES! THIS IS A SPONSORED MESSAGE BUT IT COULD GET YOU A $300K TECH JOB
(SPONSOR)
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_tech_newsletter_sorting]


Check your favorite jobs board - Amazon, Google, and top companies are
ALWAYS HIRING the best prepared candidates! This is where Interview
Kickstart
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_tech_newsletter_sorting]
makes a difference.¬†
Since 2014, they‚Äôve trained 15000+ software engineers, EMs, TPMs,
and Analysts in the US to ace tech interviews, and helped land jobs at
Amazon, Google, and Tier-1 tech companies (average salary hike:
66.5%).

Why are Interview Kickstart's courses effective? They‚Äôre taught by
hiring managers at the same Tier-1 companies where you‚Äôll be
interviewing.

Join their next interview prep webinar (FREE)
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_tech_newsletter_sorting]
and get full access to 'Sorting Algorithms' course worth $399 (limited
slots). Register now!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

LEAKED MEMO SHOWS GOOGLE CEO SUNDAR PICHAI IS ASKING STAFFERS FOR HELP
TESTING ITS BARD AI CHATBOT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/SheJH?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Google has started company-wide internal testing of its AI chatbot,
Bard. CEO Sundar Pichai has asked all employees to spend 2 to 4 hours
helping test the product. The move shows Google's urgency in competing
to win the race on AI-based search. The company is competing with
Microsoft to lead the next era of AI-based search. A full copy of the
memo asking employees to help with Bard is available in the article. 

ELON MUSK SAYS TWITTER SHOULD BE READY FOR NEW CEO BY END OF YEAR (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/15/23600692/elon-musk-stepping-down-twitter-ceo-end-of-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter CEO Elon Musk has announced he may step down from his role at
the end of 2023. Various reports indicate a CEO hunt has been underway
in recent months with no identified candidates. Musk says he needs to
stabilize the organization and make sure it is in a financially
healthy place. He plans to continue running Twitter's software and
server teams after stepping down as CEO. A video interview with Musk
at the World Government Summit is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

AFTER A DECADE IN DEVELOPMENT, JAPAN‚ÄôS H3 ROCKET IS READY FOR ITS
DEBUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/02/after-a-decade-in-development-japans-h3-rocket-is-ready-for-its-debut/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The introduction of the H2-A rocket in 2001 allowed Japan to tap into
the commercial launch market. Manufactured by Mitsubishi Heavy
Industries, the medium-lift rocket has seen some success, including
the launch of the Emirates Mars Mission in 2020. However, its high
cost of $90 million per launch, 50% more than SpaceX's Falcon 9
rocket, has prevented it from breaking through the commercial launch
market. Japan's new H3 rocket is set to take off for the first time at
1:37 UTC on February 17. It was developed to have a cost of $51
million per launch in its base configuration. 

DISCOVERY OF A NEW BRAIN DISEASE IN CHILDREN COULD HELP US UNDERSTAND
DEMENTIA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/discovery-of-a-new-brain-disease-in-children-could-help-us-understand-dementia?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A new genetic disease has been described for the first time in three
children who share neurodevelopmental issues. This disease is linked
to mutations in both copies of a gene called ATG4D, which is
responsible for recycling damaged or defective cells in the brain. It
is not well understood how ATG4D contributes to this recycling
process. Further research could provide insight into more common brain
diseases, such as Alzheimer's, which are thought to occur due to a
breakdown in the brain's maintenance. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

KEEP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/keephq/keep?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Keep is a command-line tool for creating and managing Alerts. It makes
it easy to configure, trigger, and test Alerts. Alerts are managed by
simple human-readable yaml files. Keep supports multiple providers and
is easily deployable. 

ADOPTING REACT IN THE EARLY DAYS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://cult.honeypot.io/reads/adopting-react-in-the-early-days/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ReactJS was released in 2013, but it wasn't an instant success. This
article looks at the early days of React and the difficulties
encountered in using it. Adopting React in the early days posed many
challenges, including a lack of clear solutions to common problems and
primitive APIs. Despite the changes over the years, React's
programming model remains largely the same, with many old concepts
still existing in different forms. 

INSIGHTS LEARNED FROM EXAMINING 1.5BN CONTAINERS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/container-report-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-2022-container-report]


Container adoption is showing no signs of slowing down, with
Kubernetes leading the way. To understand the state of the container
ecosystem, Datadog examined more than 1.5 billion containers
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/container-report-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-2022-container-report]
run by tens of thousands of customers. This report distills the data
into 9 key insights
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/container-report-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-2022-container-report]
related to container usage, security, and implementation patterns.
Download 9 Insights On Real-World Container Use (PDF) from Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/container-report-2022/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-2022-container-report]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE MAZE IS IN THE MOUSE (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@pravse/the-maze-is-in-the-mouse-980c57cfd61a?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google employs over 175,000 capable and well-compensated staff, yet
its productivity remains low. The company's internal system trains
employees to maintain the status quo. Google's internal system
revolves around approvals, processes, reviews, documents, meetings,
bug reports, triage, OKRs, H1 and H2 plans, summits, and reorgs. While
employees are rewarded with promotions, bonuses, and perks, they are
discouraged from rocking the boat. There is still hope for the
company, but it will require an intervention. 

BING: ‚ÄúI WILL NOT HARM YOU UNLESS YOU HARM ME FIRST‚Äù (17 MINUTE
READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Feb/15/bing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft announced the new AI-powered Bing last week. The chatbot can
run searches for users and summarize the results as well as offer
other features similar to GPT-3 and ChatGPT. Large language models
lack an understanding of truth and are likely to make mistakes with
confidence. This article provides some examples of conversations with
the new Bing bot and some of the strange interactions people have
experienced with the language model. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HIRE EMPLOYEES IN 150+ COUNTRIES IN THE MOST AFFORDABLE WAY - NO LOCAL
ENTITIES REQUIRED (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=feb_2023]


Remofirst makes global payroll and international HR affordable for
everyone, from startups to fortune 500s. As a TLDR reader, you‚Äôll
get 2 months free on your first global hires
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=feb_2023].


APPLE‚ÄôS MIXED REALITY HEADSET WILL REPORTEDLY DEBUT AT WWDC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/15/23601588/apple-wwdc-vr-ar-mixed-reality-launch-rumor?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple delayed the launch of the headset due to hardware and software
issues, but it looks like the device will be ready to be introduced at
the annual Worldwide Developers Conference event. 

DO YOU KNOW THAT DEEPMIND HAS ACTUALLY OPEN-SOURCED THE HEART OF
ALPHAGO & ALPHAZERO? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DrJimFan/status/1625538305889820673?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The 'mctx' repository provides a JAX-native Monte Carlo Tree Search
that solves for the best move in turn-based games by selecting,
expanding, simulating, and updating the nodes in a strategy tree. 

TESLA FINALLY AGREES TO OPEN ITS CHARGING NETWORK TO ALL EVS IN US (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/02/tesla-finally-agrees-to-open-its-charging-network-to-all-evs-in-us/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US government has announced new standards for expanding the
national electric vehicle charging network, including requirements for
all charging stations to adopt the same connector types, payment
methods, and data privacy assurances. 

ALLOCSCOPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/matt-kimball/allocscope?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


allocscope is a tool for finding large allocations in C, C++, and Rust
codebases to help developers reduce excessive allocations. 

GOOGLE FIBER COMES BACK TO LIFE WITH 5 GIGABIT SERVICE, PLANS FOR
8GBPS SOON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/02/google-fiber-comes-back-to-life-with-5-gigabit-service-plans-for-8gbps-soon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google's new 5Gbps service is coming to Kansas City, West Des Moines,
and all of Google Fiber's existing Utah cities. 

WHAT IS CHATGPT DOING‚Ä¶ AND WHY DOES IT WORK? (1.5 HOUR READ)
[https://writings.stephenwolfram.com/2023/02/what-is-chatgpt-doing-and-why-does-it-work/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A rough outline of what's going on inside ChatGPT and why it
accelerates in producing what we consider to be meaningful text. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

EDGECASE - OPEN SOURCE EDGE SOFTWARE ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $108,000
- $132,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/open-source-edge-software-engineer/304] 

EdgeCase is hiring an Open Source Edge Software Engineer to identify,
prioritize, and build the functionalities of software for a startup
focused on bringing affordable digital content to people and locations
without connectivity. 

CIRCLE - LEAD SOFTWARE ENGINEER (INTERNAL TOOLS) (FULLY REMOTE,
$145,000 - $160,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/lead-software-engineer-(internal-tools)/231] 

Circle is hiring a Lead Software Engineer to build essential
infrastructure and tooling for all internal use cases for a company
that makes it really easy for creators and brands to bring their
discussions, courses, members, and content all into one place. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=0b6637ee-adbc-11ed-889d-7f07f3e856eb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676545221&t=1676549491&s=10f7c73077057d990e039fcc497c318853607735f070015f00a624bd82f2be88].


¬†