# Articles TLDR 26-04-2023

Apple plans to release an AI-based coaching service in 2024.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=fc8eddce-e3fe-11ed-b453-13b2e5911ae9&pt=campaign&t=1682506884&s=2a15f21471b9eed264772f3d5d94db0b1cea7f08ef7b2a291f5e7f9dda88bf4d]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-04-26

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

IOS 17 TO INCLUDE MOOD TRACKER AND HEALTH APP FOR IPAD, AI-BASED
HEALTH COACHING SERVICE COMING IN 2024 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/04/25/ios-17-health-app-updates/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


iOS 17 will include several new health-related features. Apple plans
to make the Health app available on the iPad, which will give users
more real estate to view health metrics. The Health app will also
receive new features for managing vision conditions. iOS 17 will
include a new wellness feature for tracking mood. Apple plans to
release a meditation app for its AR/VR headset and an AI-based
coaching service in 2024. 

HUGGING FACE RELEASES ITS OWN VERSION OF CHATGPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/25/hugging-face-releases-its-own-version-of-chatgpt/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Hugging Face has released HuggingChat, an open source alternative to
ChatGPT. It is available to test through a web interface and can be
integrated with existing apps and services through Hugging Face's API.
HuggingChat can handle many of the same tasks that ChatGPT can
perform. It runs on a model developed by Open Assistant, a project
that aims to build an open source assistant that can do meaningful
work and make it small and efficient enough to run on consumer
hardware. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A JAPANESE COMPANY IS ABOUT TO ATTEMPT A MOON LANDING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/a-japanese-company-is-about-to-attempt-a-moon-landing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Japanese company ispace lost communications with its Hakuto-R
spacecraft in the final moments before it was supposed to land on the
Moon. It is highly likely that the lander crashed. ispace engineers
will assess the data from the spacecraft's descent to improve future
versions of the company's lander. ispace is the second privately
funded effort to make a soft landing on the Moon that has failed. 

SPACEX LAUNCHES WORLD'S 1ST 5G SATELLITE TO BRING GLOBAL CONNECTIVITY
TO INTERNET OF THINGS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.space.com/spacex-launches-1st-5g-satellite-internet-of-things?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


SpaceX has launched the first satellite in low Earth orbit that
operates on the 5G cellular standard. 'The GroundBreaker' is a
22-pound orbital data relay. It is the first of a constellation of
more than 250 spacecraft designed to communicate with cell towers on
Earth. The GroundBreaker was launched from the Vandenberg Space Force
Base on April 15. The satellites will help fill a major gap in mobile
connectivity across the planet and enable many Internet of Things
applications. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

KILLPORT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jkfran/killport?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

killport is a command-line tool designed to quickly and efficiently
stop processes running on specific ports. It works on both Linux and
macOS. killport supports multiple port numbers and verbosity control. 

BADGING FOR HOME SCREEN WEB APPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://webkit.org/blog/14112/badging-for-home-screen-web-apps/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


WebKit now includes support for W3C's Badging API. The Badging API
allows developers to badge the icon of a web app. This article looks
at how to use the Badging API. It covers how to check notification
permissions, setting and clearing badges, using the API from a service
worker, security restrictions, and more. 

A GUIDE TO MOBILE APPLICATION PROTECTION (SPONSOR)
[https://licelus.com/guide-to-mobile-application-protection?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230426%5C]


Protecting your mobile apps from cyber attacks is vital to secure your
business assets and sensitive data.
Licel, the creator of DexProtector and a leading name in app security,
has released a free and comprehensive guide
[https://licelus.com/guide-to-mobile-application-protection?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230426].
It covers everything you need to know about how attackers target
applications and what you can do to stop them.

Read the full interactive guide now (no signup required)
[https://licelus.com/guide-to-mobile-application-protection?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230426].
And follow Licel on LinkedIn [https://www.linkedin.com/company/licel/]
for all the latest mobile security trends.

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIDER Q&A: OPENAI CTO MIRA MURATI ON SHEPHERDING CHATGPT (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://apnews.com/article/openai-cto-mira-murati-chatgpt-gpt4-dalle-0e701dd406b4a1a2d625e779de0c5164?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mira Murati is OpenAI's chief technology officer. She leads OpenAI's
research, product, and safety teams. This article features an
interview with Murati where she talks about AI safeguards and OpenAI's
vision for artificial general intelligence. The interview also covers
her views on AI regulation, OpenAI as a company, and ChatGPT's launch.


EXPLAINING TECH'S NOTION OF TALENT SCARCITY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://nadia.xyz/top-talent?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Different corporate cultures benefit from different types of talent
distribution, depending on what problem they are trying to solve.
While some companies try to compete for A-players, others aim to find
workers uniquely gifted at tasks that few others can do. Some workers
have talents that are difficult to explain or replicate. This article
looks at different ways of looking at talent and how this can affect
management styles and corporate cultures. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NVIDIA RELEASES A TOOLKIT TO MAKE TEXT-GENERATING AI ‚ÄòSAFER‚Äô (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/25/nvidia-releases-a-toolkit-to-make-text-generating-ai-safer/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


NeMo Guardrails is a toolkit from Nvidia aimed at making AI-powered
apps more accurate, appropriate, on topic, and secure. 

INSIDE META'S SCRAMBLE TO CATCH UP ON AI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/inside-metas-scramble-catch-up-ai-2023-04-25/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look at how Meta is shifting its infrastructure and software systems
to support AI work and provide stable platforms. 

NINE WAYS TO SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE FOOT WITH POSTGRESQL (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://philbooth.me/blog/nine-ways-to-shoot-yourself-in-the-foot-with-postgresql?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The common thread linking these mistakes is scalability - some things
won't be an issue until a database starts becoming bigger. 

CHATGPT USERS CAN NOW OPT OUT OF CHAT HISTORY AND MODEL TRAINING (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/chatgpt-users-can-now-opt-out-of-chat-history-and-model-training/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ChatGPT users can now turn off chat history, which will opt out of
providing data for training AI models, as well as export chat history
for local storage. 

OPERA ONE IS A BROWSER DESIGNED FOR GENERATIVE AI FEATURES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/opera-one-is-a-browser-designed-for-generative-ai-features-070048153.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Opera One, which will feature space for generative AI features and
extensions in its sidebar and address bar, will launch for all
platforms later this year. 

INSIDE THE DISCORD WHERE THOUSANDS OF ROGUE PRODUCERS ARE MAKING AI
MUSIC (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vice.com/en/article/y3wdj7/inside-the-discord-where-thousands-of-rogue-producers-are-making-ai-music?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Producers from a community called AI Hub are using AI to generate
copies of artist's voices to create music and music labels are trying
to find ways to stop it. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=fc8eddce-e3fe-11ed-b453-13b2e5911ae9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682503219&t=1682506884&s=d8cf6c26838ff06756d998e9978efcc150bb2f78fc56ac0ad97eb56d8e53e7c6].


¬†