# Articles TLDR 27-02-2023

Apple is renowned for its secrecy, but the companys Exploratory Design
Group (XDG) is even more mysterious.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=adb29680-b66f-11ed-a740-55928061a93d&pt=campaign&t=1677514536&s=f3ae5ce474513141f8e19bc934543d0a6c3c435ee291a257c79f932b8845bab7]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Plaid]
[https://plaid.com/data-access-infrastructure/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=PaidNewsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR_Paid_Newsletter_Ad_Buy&utm_content=Data_Access_Infrastructure]

DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-27

BUILDING DATA ACCESS INFRASTRUCTURE FOR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
(SPONSOR)
[https://plaid.com/data-access-infrastructure/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=PaidNewsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR_Paid_Newsletter_Ad_Buy&utm_content=Data_Access_Infrastructure]


As people use more digital finance, they expect consistent access to
their financial data. For financial institutions, the challenge is
building data access infrastructure that meets the scale of consumer
demand.
Read this technical whitepaper by Plaid
[https://plaid.com/data-access-infrastructure/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=PaidNewsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR_Paid_Newsletter_Ad_Buy&utm_content=Data_Access_Infrastructure]
to learn:

	*
The principles for data access infrastructure

	*
Traffic management, the role of tokens, and authorization management

	*
Delegating key responsibilities to a data network

	*
Methods of building data access infrastructure

Download Plaid‚Äôs whitepaper: A Guide to Investing in Data Access
Infrastructure (free)
[https://plaid.com/data-access-infrastructure/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=PaidNewsletter&utm_campaign=TLDR_Paid_Newsletter_Ad_Buy&utm_content=Data_Access_Infrastructure]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META UNVEILS A NEW LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL THAT CAN RUN ON A SINGLE GPU
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/chatgpt-on-your-pc-meta-unveils-new-ai-model-that-can-run-on-a-single-gpu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has announced a new large language model called LLaMA-13B that is
10x smaller than OpenAI's GPT-3 model but with reportedly better
performance. LLaMA models range from 7 billion to 65 billion
parameters in size, while GPT-3 has 175 billion parameters. Training
of the LLaMA models was done using publicly available datasets. Meta
hopes that LLaMA can be used for natural language research and to
power applications such as question answering, natural language
understanding, and reading comprehension. LLaMA-13B could pave the way
for access to ChatGPT-like performance on consumer-level hardware. 

APPLE‚ÄôS SECRET ‚ÄòXDG‚Äô TEAM IS WORKING ON MORE THAN JUST A GLUCOSE
MONITOR (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/gg2Zv?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Apple is renowned for its secrecy, but the company's Exploratory
Design Group (XDG) is even more mysterious. The XDG is a startup-like
operation within Apple made up of only a few hundred engineers and
academics. It is well-funded so that staff are able to explore
countless ideas. The group is currently researching glucose
monitoring, new display technology, artificial intelligence, and AR/VR
headset features to help people with eye diseases. This article
explores XDG's structure and operations and takes a look at the
technologies it is developing. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

PLANNING FOR AGI AND BEYOND (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/planning-for-agi-and-beyond/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenAI's mission is to ensure that artificial general intelligence
(AGI) benefits all of humanity. AGI could increase abundance,
turbocharge the global economy, and aid in the discovery of new
scientific knowledge. It has the potential to give everyone incredible
new capabilities and help with almost any cognitive task. However, AGI
also has serious risks of misuse, mistakes, and societal disruption.
OpenAI believes it is not possible or desirable to stop AGI
development and the company is exploring how to get it right as we
transition into a world with superintelligence. 

SPACEX UNVEILS NEXT-GEN STARLINK V2 MINI SATELLITES AHEAD OF MONDAY
LAUNCH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.teslarati.com/spacex-unveils-next-gen-starlink-v2-mini-satellites-ahead-of-monday-launch/]


SpaceX has announced that it will launch its next-generation Starlink
V2 Mini satellites as early as February 27th. The mission, named
Starlink 6-1, will carry 21 Starlink V2 satellites into low Earth
orbit. The satellites will operate under SpaceX's Starlink Gen2 FCC
license, which allows SpaceX to launch up to 7,500 of a nominal 29,998
satellites. Starlink V2 satellites reportedly offer almost 10 times
more bandwidth than V1.5 satellites. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

THE MISSING SEMESTER OF YOUR CS EDUCATION (WEBSITE)
[https://missing.csail.mit.edu/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Computer Science classes often cover topics such as operating systems
and machine learning, but they rarely teach proficiency with tools.
This course gives students the opportunity to become proficient in the
command line, text editor, version control systems, and more. The
mastery of tools not only saves time but also opens up possibilities
to solve complex problems. By investing in their tool proficiency,
students can make the most of their education and career. 

KONSTA UI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/konstaui/konsta?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Konsta UI is a library of pixel-perfect mobile UI components built
with Tailwind CSS. It includes iOS and Material Design components for
React, Vue, and Svelte. All components are created using official
design guidelines to ensure a native-like look and feel. Konsta UI is
designed to be used with parent frameworks such as Ionic and
Framework7. 

NEED INTEGRATIONS BUT DON‚ÄôT HAVE THE TIME OR RESOURCES TO BUILD
THEM? (SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q1%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=developer%202%2F27]


Merge‚Äôs Unified API spans multiple categories including HR and
payroll, ATS, accounting, CRM, and help desk and project management.
Save countless hours and resources by integrating just once with a
single API. Integrate once and have 150+ integrations at your
fingertips. Simply link, sync, and unblock your product roadmap.
Sign up today and integrate up to 5 customers for free
[https://merge.dev/?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q1%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=developer%202%2F27]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MEET THE $10,000 NVIDIA CHIP POWERING THE RACE FOR A.I. (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/23/nvidias-a100-is-the-10000-chip-powering-the-race-for-ai-.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Nvidia A100 is a roughly $10,000 chip that has become a critical
tool in the artificial intelligence industry. It is capable of
performing many simple calculations simultaneously, making it ideal
for training and using neural network models. Originally designed for
3D graphics in gaming, the A100 is now configured and targeted at
machine learning tasks. Nvidia, which has 95% of the market share for
graphics processors that can be used for machine learning, has seen
its shares rise 65% so far in 2023. The company introduced the H100,
an optimized successor of the A100, in 2022. The H100 is the first
data center GPU to be optimized for transformers. 

REPORT: MORE TWITTER DRAMA AFTER SLACK SHUTDOWN; EMPLOYEES PLAY HOOKY
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/02/report-more-twitter-drama-after-slack-shutdown-employees-play-hooky/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter's internal Slack channels and Jira tracking software were
suddenly shut down on Wednesday. A Twitter employee had speculated
that the company may have stopped paying their Slack bills. Twitter
told employees that the Slack channel was down for 'routine
maintenance'. A Slack spokesperson confirmed that Slack did not
deactivate Twitter's workspace or user accounts. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TRY WHISPER WITH THE LATEST IN SPEECH UNDERSTANDING FROM DEEPGRAM
(SPONSOR) [https://dpgr.am/df6b057] 

Skip the pip-install and dependencies. We added the Whisper model to
the Deepgram API so you can try out the latest in speech recognition
quickly. Try it free. 

LLM SECURITY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/greshake/llm-security?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

A repository that demonstrates the consequences of giving large
language models interfaces to other applications. 

HOW TO CONTRIBUTE TO A PROJECT YOU HAVE NO IDEA ABOUT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://grifel.dev/how-to-contribute-without-knowledge?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A guide for approaching unfamiliar projects that aims to help readers
gain the courage to approach new programming challenges. 

THE FURNITURE HUSTLERS OF SILICON VALLEY (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/rJYzh?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Liquidators are capitalizing on the wave of tech companies that are
shrinking their physical footprints and shifting to remote work. 

VR STARTUP WORKING ON TECH TO "REPLAY" MEMORIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/vr-startup-replay-memories?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Wist Labs' software lets users replay their memories in the exact
locations where they happened using augmented reality. 

THE PUZZLING GAP BETWEEN HOW OLD YOU ARE AND HOW OLD YOU THINK YOU ARE
(14 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/5xmgm] 

There are good reasons why people feel younger than their actual age. 

SCIENTIST SAYS HE'S INVENTED A CURE FOR HICCUPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/neoscope/scientist-hiccup-cure?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The HiccAway is a fancy straw that provides the exact right amount of
pressure to stop hiccups. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

ALL IN BITS - SR. BACKEND ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $130,000 - $250,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/sr.-backend-engineer/331] 

All in Bits is hiring a Senior Backend Engineer to define
requirements, iterate on software solutions, and deliver useful
developer APIs for a company that empowers builders to launch
sovereign blockchains and decentralized applications that are secure,
scalable, and interoperable. 

DRISCOLL'S - ORACLE MASTER DATA ANALYST (FULLY REMOTE, $150,000 -
$190,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/oracle-master-data-analyst/333] 

Driscoll's is hiring an Oracle Master Data Analyst to be responsible
for operations and analysis of multi-domain master data across
different systems for the global market leader for fresh strawberries,
blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries. 

ROBIN AI - ENGINEERING MANAGER (CITY OF LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM,
$100,000 - $120,000) [https://tldr.tech/jobs/engineering-manager/330] 

Robin AI is hiring an Engineering Manager to build software and
develop a machine learning service for a company that creates
ground-breaking products that are transforming legal teams. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=adb29680-b66f-11ed-a740-55928061a93d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677510097&t=1677514536&s=6eb59a9cb07f1fbcc709f66d2031a29ad89b75b83646ef2ef7c47e48c90901ed].


¬†