# Articles TLDR 25-04-2023

A video of the Pixel Fold opening and closing was posted on Twitter
over the weekend.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c873d414-e33f-11ed-b879-6d967214e0b3&pt=campaign&t=1682420461&s=526cd49904e1b6532288f65b1745dca1c3283601b3d8dc7822d57fd6ac9d0a46]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Secureframe]
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=042523-tldrtech]

TLDR 2023-04-25

DON‚ÄôT LET COMPLIANCE SLOW YOU DOWN (SPONSOR)
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=042523-tldrtech]


Monitoring. Testing. Questionnaires. Vendor risk management. Policy
management. Compliance adds so much overhead for engineering teams.
Why not skip the busywork? Secureframe is the all-in-one, automated
compliance platform
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=042523-tldrtech],
built by compliance experts. Meet the most rigorous global security
and privacy standards ‚Äî including SOC 2, ISO 27001, PCI DSS, HIPAA,
GDPR, CCPA, and more ‚Äî with minimal time and effort.

‚ÄúSecureframe has the right team
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=042523-tldrtech],
the right platform, and the right experience to help businesses get
SOC 2 certified within tight timeframes. I would not have finished my
SOC 2 Type 1 so quickly if I didn‚Äôt have Secureframe.‚Äù ‚Äî Rachel
Jenkins, Vice President of Engineering, Doodle

Start with a 15% discount for TLDR readers
[https://secureframe.com/request-demo-4?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=042523-tldrtech]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GOOGLE‚ÄôS PIXEL FOLD IS REAL! FIRST-EVER LIVE FOOTAGE SURFACES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/googles-pixel-fold-is-real-first-ever-live-footage-surfaces/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A video of the Pixel Fold opening and closing was posted on Twitter
over the weekend. Previous leaks of the renders were pretty accurate.
The device will probably launch at a price of around $1,700. Google
will hopefully make an announcement about the device at its upcoming
I/O event. The video is available in the article. 

APPLE‚ÄôS APP STORE CAN STAY CLOSED BUT DEVELOPERS CAN LINK TO OUTSIDE
PAYMENTS, SAYS APPEALS COURT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/24/23696245/apple-appeal-epic-games-lawsuit-antitrust?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An appeals court has found that Apple's closed App Store and security
restrictions don't violate antitrust law. Apple is still required to
allow users to learn about alternate payment options. iOS developers
are free to send customers to other places to make payments to avoid
paying Apple a commission. Apple has recently taken steps to address
mounting antitrust concerns, including introducing ways for reader
apps to link to their own sites to bypass Apple's in-app payment
system. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

A JAPANESE COMPANY IS ABOUT TO ATTEMPT A MOON LANDING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/science/2023/04/a-japanese-company-is-about-to-attempt-a-moon-landing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Hakuto-R mission will attempt to land on the Moon as early as
today at around 11:40 am ET. The landing attempt will start from an
altitude of about 100 km above the lunar surface, where the spacecraft
is currently in a circular orbit, and the process should take about an
hour. The lander is carrying several payloads down to the surface. A
link to the livestream for the event is available in the article. 

CHINA MAKES MAJOR PUSH IN ITS AMBITIOUS DIGITAL YUAN PROJECT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://edition.cnn.com/2023/04/24/economy/china-digital-yuan-government-salary-intl-hnk/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Public sector workers in Changshu, China, will be paid fully in
digital yuan starting in May. This will be the biggest rollout of the
e-CNY so far. The city has 1.7 million residents. It has already been
experimenting with the digital currency for some time. There is no
timeline for a nationwide launch yet. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

RYE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mitsuhiko/rye?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Rye is a tool that can manage Python installations, pyproject.toml
files, dependencies, virtualenvs, monorepos, and tools. Its
virtualenvs are completely void of dependencies. Dependencies are
managed in pyproject.toml without exposing pip. Rye uses indygreg's
Python builds instead of system Python. 

SLACK LAUNCHES NEXT-GEN API FOR CREATING INTEGRATIONS AND AUTOMATIONS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/04/24/slack-launches-next-gen-api/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Slack's new platform for developers is now officially available. The
next-generation API uses a modular architecture that makes it easy to
create Slack integrations and automations. It will be free for
everyone to use until October 31. Advanced features will be subject to
additional costs after October 31. More details about the new API are
available in the article. 

SEGMENT IS NOW FREE FOR EARLY-STAGE STARTUPS. HERE‚ÄôS WHY WE LOVE IT.
(SPONSOR)
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Developer]


We‚Äôre big fans of Segment. It simplifies tracking
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Developer]
(client and server-side), so you don‚Äôt need to log every event with
8 different tools. It empowers marketing
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Developer],
so they can install tools without bugging an engineer (crazy?). And it
pumps data from various tools into others
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Developer]
(e.g., Intercom ‚áí Mixpanel).
Early stage startup? Apply here to get Segment for free.
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Developer]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A FIRESIDE CHAT ON EDUCATION, TECHNOLOGY, AND ALMOST EVERYTHING IN
BETWEEN (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gatesnotes.com/ASU-and-GSV?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Bill Gates talked with Jessie Woolley-Wilson, a leader in the field of
education technology, during this year's ASU+GSV Summit in San Diego.
During the talk, they discussed the state of education technology,
what the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is doing, and the impact AI
will have in the months and years ahead. This article contains a
transcript of the conversation. A video of the talk is also available.


‚ÄòTHE FLATTENING‚Äô: TECH SECTOR CALLS TIME ON MIDDLE MANAGERS (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/3oLY7?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The flattening is a phenomenon where tech companies are cutting out
the middle managers that they hired in droves during the pandemic
boom. Tech companies are focusing on the role as they aim to improve
efficiency and cut costs. The bloated middle management positions have
led to inefficiencies and drawn out decision-making at some companies.
These inefficiencies became more obvious after the shift to remote
work during the pandemic. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON‚ÄôS QUIET OPEN SOURCE REVOLUTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3694090/amazon-s-quiet-open-source-revolution.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Keeping their code closed resulted in a piling up of technical debt,
making it more difficult to give customers what they wanted, so Amazon
has started to open up some of its projects. 

WHAT YOUNG WORKERS MISS WITHOUT THE ‚ÄòPOWER OF PROXIMITY‚Äô (11
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/LoYdz?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Employees who work in the office receive lots of feedback, which can
help them move up in their careers faster. 

TECH BILLIONAIRES BET ON FUSION AS HOLY GRAIL FOR BUSINESS (9 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/JZ7lX?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Jeff Bezos, Peter Thiel, Bill Gates, Marc Benioff, and Sam Altman are
all betting that fusion reactors are within years of being a reality. 

SCOPED CSS IS BACK (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://keithjgrant.com/posts/2023/04/scoped-css-is-back/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The W3C spec for Scoped CSS is mostly stable and there is a working
prototype in Chrome. 

WHAT‚ÄôS THE POINT OF TECH CONFERENCES? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://chelseatroy.com/2023/04/21/whats-the-point-of-tech-conferences/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Almost everyone benefits from conferences in some way because of the
connections that are made at these events. 

THE UK WILL SPEND ¬£100 MILLION TO DEVELOP ITS OWN 'SOVEREIGN' AI (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/the-uk-is-creating-a-100-million-ai-taskforce-143507868.html?src=rss?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The UK government has pledged an initial ¬£100 million to create an AI
that makes the country globally competitive. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=c873d414-e33f-11ed-b879-6d967214e0b3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682416820&t=1682420461&s=47da8634a10b339c28d3b91b7989e61f690c1f49fbfada46ba76ccc92555f8f1].


¬†