# Articles TLDR 14-04-2023

Amazon has released a new suite of AI technologies.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6bd1a87e-da90-11ed-8417-43e347319599&pt=campaign&t=1681469952&s=91f680d92a3ee8140ce0fc830bce3b196a6d00958bad79d564c732652e3a1ff2]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR 2023-04-14

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR FOUNDERS
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-founder-newsletter-curator/519] 

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator for our founder newsletter which
already has 150,000 pre-launch signups.
The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup founder,
preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up
with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends
a lot of time hanging out with other founders.¬†

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday,
Thursday),¬†click here to apply
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-founder-newsletter-curator/519].

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GENERATIVE AI COMES TO AMAZON WEB SERVICES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/generative-ai-comes-to-amazon-web-services/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon has released a new suite of AI technologies. They include a
large language model called Titan and a cloud computing service called
Bedrock. Bedrock allows businesses to customize foundational models,
including models from third-party companies like Anthropic, using
their own data. It will allow customers to test AI technologies
without having to manage the infrastructure that powers them. Amazon
also released CodeWhisperer, an AI powered coding assistant that is
free for individual use. 

INTERNET ABUZZ OVER SUSPECTED REDESIGNED TESLA MODEL 3 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/13/internet-abuzz-over-suspected-redesigned-tesla-model-3/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A photo showing what could be an updated version of Tesla's Model 3
sedan was recently posted on Reddit. The Model 3 has not changed a lot
since its release in 2017. The update is rumored to include
cost-cutting features such as fewer interior components and a slightly
redesigned exterior. The image shows a vehicle with a different
bumper, a redesigned headlight assembly, two-tone wheels, and what
could be an updated dashboard. The photo is available in the article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

INSIDE THE 3D-PRINTED BOX IN TEXAS WHERE HUMANS WILL PREPARE FOR MARS
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/science/2023/apr/12/nasa-texas-humans-prepare-mars?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Crew Health Performance Exploration Analog (CHAPEA) is an
experiment to see what it will be like for four crew members to live
on Mars for a year. The crew will live in a housing unit constructed
using a massive 3D printer and conduct experiments, grow food,
exercise, and be tested regularly. The first mission to Mars, which
NASA is hoping will happen as early as the 2030s, could be a
nine-month trip one way and it would take astronauts two and a half
years before they start their trip home. The four crew members will
start the CHAPEA experiment in June. Pictures of the habitat are
available in the article. 

META HAS OPEN-SOURCED AN AI PROJECT THAT TURNS YOUR DOODLES INTO
ANIMATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/meta-has-open-sourced-an-ai-project-that-turns-your-doodles-into-animations-183807106.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Meta has open-sourced Animated Drawings, an AI project that brings
people's drawings to life. It uses object detection, pose estimation,
and image processing models to capture a digital version of a drawing
and then traditional computer graphics techniques to animate the
image. The open-sourced project includes a dataset of around 180,000
drawings. A web-based version of the tool is available. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PHIND (WEBSITE) [https://www.phind.com/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Phind is an AI search engine designed for developers. It answers
questions with detailed explanations and relevant code snippets from
the web. Phind generates answers based on information from multiple
sources. Users can adjust the expertness level or how concise answers
are. 

AMAZON CODEWHISPERER, FREE FOR INDIVIDUAL USE, IS NOW GENERALLY
AVAILABLE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-codewhisperer-free-for-individual-use-is-now-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon CodeWhisperer is now available for general use. It includes a
tier that's free to use for all developers. CodeWhisperer allows
developers to write code quickly without needing to break their flow
by leaving the IDE to research something. It can help with creating
routine code, working with unfamiliar APIs, and other common coding
scenarios. CodeWhisperer works with many languages and many IDEs. GIF
demos are available in the article. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

‚ÄúA REALLY BIG DEAL‚Äù‚ÄîDOLLY IS A FREE, OPEN SOURCE, CHATGPT-STYLE
AI MODEL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/a-really-big-deal-dolly-is-a-free-open-source-chatgpt-style-ai-model/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Databricks released Dolly 2.0 on Wednesday. It is reportedly the first
open source instruction-following LLM fine-tuned on human-generated
data that is available for commercial use. Dolly 2.0 could be used as
a starting point for ChatGPT competitor startups. Databricks aims to
enable organizations to create and customize LLMs without paying for
API access or sharing their data. Links to Dolly 2.0's weights and
training data set are available in the article. 

PERPLEXITY'S A.I.-POWERED SEARCH CHATBOT ADDS FEATURES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/KGRqn?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Perplexity, a startup with an AI-powered search chatbot, has announced
a host of new features. Users can now specify which sources they want
the chatbot to search. Threads can now be saved and edited. The search
chatbot now supports longer multiline queries and requests for coding
and code debugging. It can also provide responses in different
formats. Perplexity has started to ask users to register accounts to
use its personalized features. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THESE ROBOTS COULD BE HEADING TO THE OPERATING ROOM SOON (SPONSOR)
[https://invest.monogramorthopedics.com/?utm_source=dmrmonogramlandingpage&utm_medium=partnership30-01_04-19&tnames=partnership30-01_04-19]


100,000+ joint replacements fail every year. Monogram is attempting to
fix this by sparking a transition to robotics, AI, and 3D-printing -
Learn more about investing before their planned Nasdaq listing.
Disclosure. [https://invest.monogramorthopedics.com/disclaimers] 

GOOGLE CLOSES SOME CAF√âS 'UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE' AS IT CUTS COSTS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/VKo4U#selection-1865.0-1873.123?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google has been laying off workers and trimming employee perks this
year to cut costs. 

GOOGLE SAYS IT JUST MADE CHROME A LOT FASTER ON BOTH MAC AND ANDROID
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/13/google-says-it-just-made-chrome-a-lot-faster-on-both-mac-and-android/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Several under-the-hood performance improvements have been made to
Google Chrome for Mac and Android that collectively give the browser a
10% speed increase. 

MIDJOURNEY AI GUIDE (NOTION)
[https://enchanting-trader-463.notion.site/Midjourney-AI-Guide-41eca43809dd4d8fa676e648436fc29c?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This beginner's guide to Midjourney discusses the best Midjourney
practices so that readers can create logos, social media posts,
business ads, marketing, YouTube thumbnails, and more. 

"SCALING LAWS" FOR AI AND SOME IMPLICATIONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://sarahconstantin.substack.com/p/scaling-laws-for-ai-and-some-implications?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are 'scaling laws' that show consistent relationships between
hardware inputs and performance outputs, and while AI technology is
mostly consistent with scaling relationships, it is not always the
case. 

FOUNDATIONAL MODELS ARE NOT ENOUGH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/foundational-models-are-not-enough?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses problems with foundational large language
models, such as how they are unable to keep track of state, privacy,
infrastructure, and more. 

AMAZON CEO ANDY JASSY RELEASES ANNUAL SHAREHOLDER LETTER (23 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/13/amazon-ceo-andy-jassys-2023-shareholder-letter.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article contains a full text of Andy Jassy's annual shareholder
letter, where he discusses Amazon's job cuts, getting workers to come
back to the office, company revenue, and much more. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6bd1a87e-da90-11ed-8417-43e347319599&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681466420&t=1681469952&s=4d1e694948b9cf0658d1ff221ea5ba9762e691ad5f2907ac0922f656c72f8260].


¬†