# Articles TLDR 18-05-2023

Google is putting AI into its search results.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6cae7b88-f542-11ed-9f40-45e0c9b2c8dc&pt=campaign&t=1684408161&s=f2d456c493f9b7fef21c3716e205d9fd74e4df7ea0455407497d7bd27bcfb9d8]


		TLDR 

TLDR 2023-05-18

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

THE AI TAKEOVER OF GOOGLE SEARCH STARTS NOW (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/10/23717120/google-search-ai-results-generated-experience-io?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google is putting AI into its search results. It implemented an AI
snapshots feature that appears at the top of Search. The feature pulls
information from the web and outputs a summary along with links. An
algorithm determines whether the AI can provide a useful answer, so
not all searches will trigger an AI response. The feature can be
accessed by opting into Search Generative Experience in Search Labs.
Screenshots of the feature are available in the article. 

STABLESTUDIO IS STABILITY AI‚ÄôS LATEST COMMITMENT TO OPEN-SOURCE AI
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/17/23726751/stability-ai-stablestudio-dreamstudio-stable-diffusion-artificial-intelligence?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stability AI is releasing an open-source version of DreamStudio called
StableStudio. StableStudio will allow community developers to improve
and experiment with Stable Diffusion's interface. Stability AI's
approach to open-source has helped drive interest in its products and
improve the company's software. StableStudio could potentially compete
with DreamStudio. Stability AI has previously said that it plans to
create customized versions of DreamStudio for corporate clients, but
it is unclear how successful this strategy has been. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

LONG-SOUGHT UNIVERSAL FLU VACCINE: MRNA-BASED CANDIDATE ENTERS
CLINICAL TRIAL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/health/2023/05/experimental-universal-flu-vaccine-with-an-mrna-based-design-enters-trial/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An mRNA-based flu vaccine designed to offer long-lasting protection
against a broad range of influenza viruses is now in a phase I
clinical trial. Health systems around the world currently battle
seasonal influenza by reformulating shots each year to match
circulating strains. A universal influenza vaccine would be a major
public health achievement. It would eliminate the need for annual flu
shots. The vaccine could also help protect against the spread of a
future flu pandemic. 

RESEARCHERS TREAT DEPRESSION BY REVERSING BRAIN SIGNALS TRAVELING THE
WRONG WAY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://med.stanford.edu/news/all-news/2023/05/depression-reverse-brain-signals.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Researchers have discovered the mechanism behind how transcranial
magnetic stimulation helps bring relief to severely depressed
patients. The treatment works by reversing the direction of abnormal
brain signals. Those with the most severe depression were the most
likely to benefit from the treatment. The research suggests that
backward streams of neural activity between key areas of the brain
could be used as a biomarker to help diagnose depression. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

DIFY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/langgenius/dify?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Dify is an LLMOps platform designed to help people create sustainable,
AI-native applications. It offers out-of-the-box applications that can
serve as Backend-as-a-Service APIs. Dify can help streamline
operations with its single interface for prompt engineering, visual
analytics, and continuous improvement. It is compatible with
Langchain. 

INSIDE GITHUB: WORKING WITH THE LLMS BEHIND GITHUB COPILOT (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-17-inside-github-working-with-the-llms-behind-github-copilot/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores what it was like for researchers and engineers
at GitHub to build the early versions of GitHub Copilot, what it was
like to work with different large language models, how GitHub Copilot
has evolved, and more. It covers model improvements, prompt crafting,
fine-tuning, and the history of GitHub Copilot. The next version of
Copilot, GitHub Copilot X, will bring AI to more components of the
overall platform, such as docs and pull requests. 

TECH TALK: BUILDING A SEMANTIC LAKEHOUSE FOR SUPPLY CHAIN AND
MANUFACTURING (SPONSOR)
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/building-a-semantic-lakehouse-for-supply-chain-and-manufacturing/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230524webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]


Join this AtScale Tech Talk
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/building-a-semantic-lakehouse-for-supply-chain-and-manufacturing/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230524webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]
on 5/24 to learn how the Databricks Lakehouse Platform and an AtScale
Semantic Layer unlock supply chain innovation in manufacturing.
WHAT YOU‚ÄôLL LEARN: How to use a lakehouse architecture, coupled with
a modern semantic layer platform, to make large scale data available
in tools like Power BI, Tableau, and Excel ‚Äî without needing to move
data.

Register now to save your spot
[https://www.atscale.com/resource/building-a-semantic-lakehouse-for-supply-chain-and-manufacturing/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230524webinar&utm_content=null&utm_term=null]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ASK HN: CAN SOMEONE ELI5 TRANSFORMERS AND THE ‚ÄúATTENTION IS ALL WE
NEED‚Äù PAPER (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35977891] 

The Transformer model is a design for building network architectures
that can process data in parallel and focus on different parts of the
data. Transformers are unique because they use a mechanism called
'attention' to understand relationships between words in sentences.
They can pay attention to all parts of a sentence at the same time,
making them faster than models that read one word at a time.
Transformers consider all words in a sequence and then pay attention
to the most important ones for the given task. 

AMERICANS HAVE NEVER BEEN SO UNWILLING TO RELOCATE FOR A NEW JOB (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/Ogbql?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The share of job seekers who relocated for employment fell to its
lowest level on record in the first quarter of 2023. A post-pandemic
surge in remote and hybrid positions has made it possible for more
workers to stay where they're living. Higher interest rates have made
relocating more expensive. Diminishing job security has made the cost
of relocating seem less of a safe investment. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EMPLOY TALENT IN 150+ COUNTRIES - AFFORDABLY AND LEGALLY, WITHOUT
LOCAL ENTITIES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=may_05_2023]


Find out how¬†Remofirst¬†manages all of your international HR needs,
at the best possible price, without needing local entities in each
country. TLDR readers get 2 months free on their¬†first¬†EOR hires in
any country.
[https://www.remofirst.com/request-a-demo-tldr?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=tldr&utm_campaign=may_05_2023]


MONTANA'S GOVERNOR SIGNS BILL BANNING TIKTOK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/montanas-governor-signs-bill-banning-tiktok-225326086.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The ban will take effect in 2024 unless legal challenges cause delays.


GOOGLE'S NEWEST A.I. MODEL USES NEARLY FIVE TIMES MORE TEXT DATA FOR
TRAINING THAN ITS PREDECESSOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/16/googles-palm-2-uses-nearly-five-times-more-text-data-than-predecessor.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


PaLM 2 was trained on 3.6 trillion tokens, allowing it to perform more
advanced coding, math, and creative writing tasks. 

JUNODB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/paypal/junodb?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

JunoDB is a key-value store that provides single-digit millisecond
latency at any scale. 

THE RETURN TO THE OFFICE HAS STALLED (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/RbIXh?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Office usage rates have barely budged since the start of this year as
most companies have settled into a hybrid work strategy. 

USING BUN.JS AS A BUNDLER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://shaneosullivan.wordpress.com/2023/05/17/using-bun-js-as-a-bundler/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bun.js is a JavaScript runtime that is primarily focused on extreme
speed. 

ELON MUSK DOUBLES-DOWN ON TESLA ROBOTAXIS IN TV INTERVIEW (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/cars/2023/05/elon-musk-doubles-down-on-tesla-robotaxis-in-tv-interview/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Elon Musk says that Teslas will be able to act as robotaxis when
owners aren't using them. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=6cae7b88-f542-11ed-9f40-45e0c9b2c8dc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684404031&t=1684408161&s=88e8f1396e535af0696729034864d62b6954ba6a66264cc78939913d1fc65113].


¬†