# Articles TLDR 21-07-2023

ChatGPTs new custom instructions feature lets users tell the chatbot
about things it should always know about them and how to answer
questions.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e925137e-2793-11ee-9d7d-ed889b5fb0c3&pt=campaign&t=1689936356&s=4ddbdf8547ad9eef44677241cd49e7ae14bb7ec4f1a9b360518f5e70608f2e31]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH¬†[Fern] [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq]

TLDR 2023-07-21

FERN¬†- INSTANTLY CREATE A STRIPE-LIKE API EXPERIENCE¬†(GITHUB
REPO¬†SPONSOR) [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq]

Fern¬†is an open source tool to automatically generate idiomatic
client libraries and Stripe-like API documentation.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile already use Fern to
develop their APIs and generate their SDKs, learn more and star us on
GitHub [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/c4o3Nwrq]!

üì±

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

CHATGPT CAN NOW REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU WANT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/20/23801520/chatgpt-openai-custom-instructions-chatbot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

ChatGPT's new custom instructions feature lets users tell the chatbot
things it should always know about them and how to answer questions.
It is designed to make ChatGPT quicker and more helpful as a virtual
assistant. Custom Instructions is available now for ChatGPT Plus
subscribers everywhere but the UK and EU on an opt-in basis. The
feature is still in beta. It works everywhere that ChatGPT does.¬†

MICROSOFT GOES BEYOND OPENAI, MAKES META'S NEW A.I. MODEL AVAILABLE TO
AZURE CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/18/microsoft-makes-metas-new-ai-model-available-to-azure-customers.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Microsoft is making Meta's Llama 2 model available on its Azure cloud
computing service. Meta said in a blog post that Microsoft is its
preferred partner for Llama 2. The partnership will give developers
more choice in the models they build on. Meta says that it is not
focused on monetization for Llama 2. Llama 2 will also be available
through Amazon web services and Hugging Face.

üöÄ

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

FED SET TO LAUNCH LONG-AWAITED INSTANT PAYMENTS SERVICE, MODERNIZING
SYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/fed-set-launch-long-awaited-instant-payments-service-modernizing-system-2023-07-20/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The US Federal Reserve is set to launch FedNow, a service that will
allow US citizens to send and receive funds in seconds. FedNow has
been in the works since 2019. It will launch with 41 banks and 15
service providers, with more banks and credit unions to be onboarded
later this year. FedNow payments will settle directly in central bank
accounts. There will be no fees from FedNow to use the service. FedNow
has a maximum payment limit of $500,000, but banks can choose to lower
that cap if required.

TEACHING ROBOTS TO TEACH OTHER ROBOTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://viterbischool.usc.edu/news/2023/07/teaching-robots-to-teach-other-robots/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Lifelong Learning (LL) is a growing area of machine learning research
in which AI agents continually learn as they encounter new tasks while
retaining knowledge of previous tasks. A team of LL researchers
recently discovered that AI agents can quickly learn a wide range of
tasks by sharing knowledge with each other at the same time. Their
system has many similarities with the concept of crowdsourcing. The
researchers believe that their technique could transform any field
that requires vast, diverse knowledge or dealing with complex systems.

üíª

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE WITH 80% AUTOMATED END-TO-END TEST COVERAGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230721&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230721&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
offers a cost-effective approach to getting 80% test coverage in just
4 months ‚Äî even for the most complex web apps. Skeptical? Send them
your most complicated user flow and, if they can't test it, they‚Äôll
give you a pair of AirPods Max
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230721&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]
üéß.
Plus, QA Wolf includes unlimited parallel runs on their testing
infrastructure + 24-hour maintenance and triage. Schedule a demo to
learn more.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugGoodbye20230721&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]

PS: QA Wolf currently has a 4.8/5 ‚≠ê rating on G2 as reviewed by
companies with 51-1000+ employees.

GITHUB COPILOT CHAT BETA NOW AVAILABLE FOR EVERY ORGANIZATION (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-07-20-github-copilot-chat-beta-now-available-for-every-organization/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A limited public beta release of GitHub Copilot Chat is now available
to enterprise companies and organizations on Visual Studio and VS
Code. GitHub Copilot Chat turns GitHub Pilot into a context-aware
conversational assistant, allowing developers to execute tasks with
prompts. The feature will help developers create much faster and
democratize software development as we know it. Information on how
organization admins can enable the feature is available in the
article.

OLLAMA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Ollama allows users to run and package large language models on macOS.
It includes a library of open-source models, including Llama2, Orca
Mini, Vicuna, and Nous-Hermes. At least 8 GB of RAM is needed to run
the 3B models, 16 GB for the 7B models, and 32 GB for the 13B models.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW NETFLIX CAN END THE HOLLYWOOD STRIKE IN A WAY DISNEY, PARAMOUNT
CAN'T AFFORD (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/07/20/how-netflix-can-end-the-hollywood-strike-in-a-way-disney-cant-afford.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Netflix is in better financial shape than its industry rivals and can
make better deals. It will likely not be affected by ongoing strikes
in Hollywood by writers and actors. Netflix could force a settlement
to the strikes before its rivals get back to business. Wall Street
analysts estimate that Netflix will be earning up to $9.5 billion
annually by 2025.

AI COMPANIES WILL REPORTEDLY COMMIT TO SAFEGUARDS AT THE WHITE HOUSE'S
REQUEST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/ai-companies-will-reportedly-commit-to-safeguards-at-the-white-houses-request-185646283.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Several companies, including Microsoft, Google, and OpenAI, have
committed to certain safeguards for their technology until Congress
passes legislation to regulate AI. Officials want to make sure that
the technology is developed responsibly and in a way that benefits
society without negatively impacting the safety, rights, and
democratic values of the public. The tech firms have agreed to eight
measures, including letting independent experts test models for bad
behavior, investing in cybersecurity, flagging societal risks, and
watermarking AI-generated audio and visual content. A full list of the
measures is available in the article.

TLDR IS HIRING A DESIGNER TO HELP CURATE TLDR DESIGN

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Design newsletter
curation team. The newsletter already has over 250,000 subscribers
pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the
designer community.
The ideal candidate would work as a designer and enjoy keeping up with
designer news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit, blogs,
podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~5-10 hours/week (Sunday through Thursday) paid at
a rate of $100/hr, to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good
fit!

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE DEMOS ‚ÄúUNSETTLING‚Äù TOOL TO HELP JOURNALISTS WRITE THE NEWS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/07/google-demos-unsettling-tool-to-help-journalists-write-the-news/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Some journalists think that Google's Genesis assistant can be misused
and cause damage to the organizations that use it.

GITID (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/InderdeepBajwa/gitid?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GitID is a command-line tool that can manage and switch between
multiple git SSH identities on a single user account.

TWITTER IS PREPPING A JOB LISTINGS FEATURE FOR VERIFIED ORGANIZATIONS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/20/twitter-prepping-job-listings-feature-verified-organizations/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While the feature hasn't been officially released, some verified
organizations have been able to post job listings already.

WHAT'S NEW IN CHROME 116 FOR EXTENSIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/chrome-116-beta-whats-new-for-extensions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Chrome extensions in Chrome 116 will allow developers to
programmatically open a Sidepanel, record audio and video in the
background, keep service workers alive for longer, and much more.

THE AI WARS MIGHT HAVE AN ARMISTICE DEAL SOONER THAN EXPECTED (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/20/23800755/ai-meta-llama-microsoft-chatgpt-interoperability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Meta's recent deal with Microsoft to bring LLaMA to Microsoft's Azure
platform suggests that the industry may see a growing number of
partnerships, not just head-to-head competition.

UNSHACKLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Fadi002/unshackle?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Unshackle is a tool that can bypass Windows and Linux user passwords
from a bootable USB.

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters covering AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], AND WEB DEV
[https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=e925137e-2793-11ee-9d7d-ed889b5fb0c3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689933639&t=1689936356&s=8eb1d9d299233e9f2d612a6f6906480d453f3126d8162fe73c7cb1d137ebde2d].