# Articles TLDR 04-10-2023

Amazon deployed a secret algorithm called Project Nessie to gauge how
high it could raise prices¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b24c4458-628a-11ee-9071-b1b94f82c4ae&pt=campaign&t=1696416332&s=60308ebdfe7e539c720f6e658c7992608b86ef3c9100f3fddeecec18f849124f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Speakeasy]
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct]

TLDR 2023-10-04

SPEAKEASY: MAKE YOUR APIS ENTERPRISE-READY WITH AI-POWERED MAINTENANCE
AND DOCUMENTATION (SPONSOR)
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct]

Crafting the developer experience your API deserves requires time and
money that your team doesn't have ‚Äì until now.
Whether it‚Äôs type-safe SDKs
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct] in 8+ languages,
beautiful API reference docs, or registry-compliant Terraform
providers, Speakeasy [https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct]'s
platform plugs seamlessly into your CI/CD to automatically create API
surfaces that your users will love at a fraction of the cost of trying
to build and maintain it yourself.

Try Speakeasy for free today
[https://speakeasyapi.dev/?utm_source=tldr-oct], and start giving your
API users the enterprise-ready, delightful integration experience they
deserve!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GMAIL IS GETTING EMOJI REACTIONS ü§© (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/3/23901717/gmail-emoji-reactions-android-ios?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google is bringing emoji reactions to its Gmail service. It will roll
out gradually starting with Android users and to other platforms over
the next few months. Users with access will see a smiling emoji at the
bottom of messages. Some emojis will enable full-page animations.
Emoji reactions will only show up in the Gmail app - people using
third-party email clients will receive emojis as separate emails. The
feature is not available to users on school or work accounts or for
large group messages. 

AMAZON REPORTEDLY USED A SECRET ALGORITHM TO JACK UP PRICES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/3/23901840/amazon-project-nessie-algorithm-antitrust-ftc-complaint?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Amazon deployed a secret algorithm called Project Nessie to gauge how
high it could raise prices before competitors stopped increasing their
prices as well. The algorithm would inflate prices and monitor whether
other retailers would follow suit. If retailers maintained the lower
price, the algorithm would revert back to the normal price. Amazon
reportedly stopped using it in 2019. Project Nessie is just one of the
many ways the FTC has accused Amazon of illegally maintaining its
market dominance in the e-commerce industry. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

STARLINK LAUNCHES V2 MINI-SATELLITES WITH 'SPACE LASERS' (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/innovation/starlink-v2-satellites-space-lasers?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Starlink has launched new versions of its satellites that can
communicate via lasers. The service has an estimated one million
subscribers and is looking to improve its offering as competition
warms up in the sector. While Amazon's Kuiper project has so far
failed to take off, another rival, OneWeb, is expected to begin
offering services soon. Starlink's new satellites will be able to
transfer data through laser links at speeds of 100 Gbps over thousands
of miles. 

THE WORLD‚ÄôS FIRST ARTIFICIAL ENERGY ISLAND JUST GOT THE GO-AHEAD (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://electrek.co/2023/10/03/worlds-first-artificial-energy-island/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Princess Elisabeth Island, the world's first artificial energy island,
has secured its environmental permit in Belgium. The island is an
at-sea electricity grid that will connect offshore wind farms to the
Belgian mainland. It will serve as a hub for future interconnectors
with the UK and Denmark. Construction is planned to be completed in
August 2026. The island is expected to be fully connected to all wind
farms and the mainland by 2030. A 3-minute video about the project is
available. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

INTRODUCING PGROLL: ZERO-DOWNTIME, REVERSIBLE, SCHEMA MIGRATIONS FOR
POSTGRES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://xata.io/blog/pgroll-schema-migrations-postgres?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Database schema migrations are essential for keeping systems up to
date and in sync with evolving application requirements, but they come
with many challenges. Many developers choose to avoid complex
migrations due to this and only make additive changes, resulting in an
accumulation of technical debt in the database schema. pgroll is a
command-line tool for performing schema migrations against Postgres
databases. It allows users to define schema migrations using a
high-level JSON format and then takes care of executing them. 

ZANY (WEBSITE) [https://zany.sh/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

zany is an easy-to-use, configurable favicon server. Developers can
simply point their icon tag at zany and configure styling without
generating, downloading, or serving favicons. It supports text,
emojis, background color, text color, and font-family. zany favicons
can be easily tested in the browser bar. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ELON'S DECISION MAKING: AN ANECDOTE COMPILATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://nintil.com/elon-anecdotes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Elon Musk questions life's default settings and goes all-in into his
work. If one has enough awareness when faced with a new problem, it's
easier to come up with novel ways to solve it. This article contains a
compilation of anecdotes from Walter Isaacson's biography on Elon Musk
of times when Musk made unusual strategic or tactical decisions and
what the outcome was. Musk's willingness to have difficult
conversations is something many can learn from. 

THE ONLINE MAZE OF JOB APPLICATIONS (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.careerfair.io/online-maze?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Applying to jobs online is like navigating a maze. Resume parsing
software, application tracking systems, and other factors make the
process pretty frustrating. This article explores factors that make
job applications more or less frustrating. The author applied to 250
jobs manually to see how long it took to get from start to finish.
They applied for engineering/product-focused roles in a mix of
companies across different industries. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT TO EXPECT FROM SBF'S TRIAL ‚Äî AND AFTER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.axios.com/2023/10/02/ftx-sam-bankman-fried-trial?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

While the proceedings may leave Sam Bankman-Fried feeling very bleak
about his future, they will hopefully help make customers whole, hold
bad actors accountable, and restore the public's trust in markets. 

HONEY, I SHRUNK THE NPM PACKAGE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://jamiemagee.co.uk/blog/honey-i-shrunk-the-npm-package/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article looks at the realm of compression and explores the
possibilities of modernizing npm's compression strategy. 

WHAT IT'S LIKE TO START A JOB AS CEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ejorgenson.com/blog/what-its-like-ceo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

You have to learn a lot very fast, make an effort to connect with
people, make big decisions quickly, and more, when first onboarding as
a CEO. 

MICROSOFT CTO KEVIN SCOTT ON BING‚ÄôS QUEST TO BEAT GOOGLE AND THE
FUTURE OF AI ART (32 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23900198/microsoft-kevin-scott-ai-art-bing-google-nvidia-decoder-interview?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This interview with Microsoft CTO Kevin Scott covers Microsoft's AI
efforts, hardware infrastructure, the future of AI art, and more. 

FASTSTREAM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/airtai/faststream?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

FastStream is a Python framework for building asynchronous services
that interact with event streams. 

THE 3 WAYS TO BALANCE MONEY AND MEANING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/no-small-plans/the-three-ways-to-balance-money-and-meaning?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The three archetypal ways people approach balancing money and meaning
are the deferred life plan, being bi-vocational, or choosing to
integrate. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=b24c4458-628a-11ee-9071-b1b94f82c4ae&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696413620&t=1696416332&s=69cc256947017d825df803c63b8ee5aa96cabd3781348766680a8db34a2d203f].