# Articles TLDR 10-10-2023

GitHub Copilot costs users $10 per month, but it is costing Microsoft
an average of $20 per user per month¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=43aae128-673d-11ee-9b8d-c352ea91b033&pt=campaign&t=1696935155&s=d119fad466ad63fab03e0de86c8cc3362ad37815c70a1f0685e36a0c6855edc4]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Casemark]
[https://casemark.ai/workflow?utm_source=tldr]

TLDR 2023-10-10

LEGAL PROFESSIONALS: GO BEYOND JUST DABBLING WITH AI (SPONSOR)
[https://casemark.ai/workflow?utm_source=tldr]

CaseMark's AI-assisted legal tools are changing the game for legal
professionals.
Highlights include:
 [https://www.casemark.ai/workflow?utm_source=tldr]

AI-Enhanced Workflows
[https://www.casemark.ai/workflow?utm_source=tldr]: Streamline legal
tasks, from case summaries to contract reviews, using our AI-driven
platform, all within the safety of secured infrastructure.
 [https://www.casemark.ai/productivity?utm_source=tldr]

Seamless Integration
[https://www.casemark.ai/productivity?utm_source=tldr]: Our Chrome and
Word tools ensure you can supercharge your legal tasks without leaving
your preferred daily routines.
 [https://www.casemark.ai/custom-trained-ai?utm_source=tldr]

Custom-Trained LLMs
[https://www.casemark.ai/custom-trained-ai?utm_source=tldr]: Tailored
to perfection, we offer the ability to train Language Learning Models
(LLMs) specifically for law firms, ensuring a personalized and precise
experience.

Ready to modernize your legal toolkit? Dive into CaseMark today and
discover the future of efficient, AI-enhanced legal operations.

TLDR readers can sign up here
[https://www.casemark.ai/workflow?utm_source=tldr] for a 30 day free
trial!

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

GITHUB COPILOT LOSES AN AVERAGE OF $20 PER USER PER MONTH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.thurrott.com/cloud/290661/report-github-copilot-loses-an-average-of-20-per-user-per-month?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GitHub Copilot costs users $10 per month, but it is costing Microsoft
an average of $20 per user per month. Some users are costing the
company as much as $80 per month. This is likely why Microsoft decided
to charge a lot more for the AI capabilities in Microsoft 365 Copilot.
The costs are also likely why the company is developing its own
in-house AI chip sets for its data centers and pushing the adoption of
Neural Processing Units across the industry. 

APPLE IS ALREADY DESIGNING A LIGHTER VISION PRO TO FIX ‚ÄúNECK
STRAIN‚Äù (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/report-apple-is-already-designing-a-lighter-vision-pro-to-fix-neck-strain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Apple has a long history of releasing intriguing first-generation
devices followed by second- or third-generation revisions that realize
the full potential of the original idea. The company is already
working on a next-generation version of its Vision Pro to address
early complaints about the yet-to-be-released first-generation model.
It aims to reduce the device's size and weight as it is apparently
causing neck strain among some testers. The company is also
considering changing the way prescription lenses are built into the
headset and looking into a lower-end model. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

THE BIG AI AND ROBOTICS CONCEPT THAT HAS ATTRACTED BOTH WALMART AND
SOFTBANK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/07/a-big-ai-and-robotics-idea-that-has-attracted-walmart-and-softbank.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Symbotic and Softbank have created a joint venture called GreenBox
Systems that promises to deliver AI-powered logistics and warehousing
to small companies. It will provide its services in facilities that
different companies will share. GreenBox aims to help companies that
can't afford the multi-million dollar investments required to build
and operate such facilities in the same way cloud companies make
high-end compute tech accessible. 

EXTREME PARKOUR WITH LEGGED ROBOTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://extreme-parkour.github.io/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This study is an attempt at developing robot parkour on a small
low-cost robot with imprecise actuation and a single front-facing
depth camera for perception. It shows how a single neural net policy
operating directly from a camera image can overcome imprecise sensing
and actuation to output highly precise control behavior end-to-end.
The resulting robot is able to high jump on obstacles two times its
height, long jump gaps two times its length, do handstands, run across
tilted ramps, and more. A video of the robot performing different
movements is available. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

THE STATE OF SERVERLESS 2023 (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2023/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-serverless-report-2023]

Datadog analyzed telemetry data from thousands of companies‚Äô
serverless applications for its latest research. The report found that
serverless is evolving beyond FaaS
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2023/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-serverless-report-2023].
Cloud providers and emergent platforms (such as Vercel) are offering
tools to address unique developer workloads, and serverless is
becoming further integrated into customer infrastructure.
Download the full State of Serverless 2023 report from DataDog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/state-of-serverless-2023/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-infra-ww-serverless-report-2023]

GPT PILOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Pythagora-io/gpt-pilot?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

GPT Pilot is an AI-powered dev tool that writes scalable apps from
scratch. It enables developers to create apps using a description of
the kind of app they want to build. GPT Pilot creates apps
step-by-step while asking questions for clarification or help when it
gets stuck. A video demo is available in the repository. 

NIXOS & FLAKES BOOK (BOOK)
[https://nixos-and-flakes.thiscute.world/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

NixOS is a Linux distribution built upon the Nix package manager that
excels in replicating consistent system environments across multiple
machines. Flakes is an experimental feature that records all external
dependencies and locks their versions, which significantly enhances
the reproducibility and composability of the Nix package manager and
NixOS configurations. This book aims to help more people enjoy the
benefits of NixOS and encourage participation in its development. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FTX DRAMATIC ESCAPE IN 2022: HOW CONSULTANTS THWARTED A HIGH-STAKES
HEIST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinist.com/ftx-escape-in-2022-how-consultants-thwarted-a-heist/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

FTX staff witnessed hundreds of millions of dollars worth of crypto
being stolen in real time on November 11, 2022. The company quickly
assembled a team to save the assets. It decided to contact BitGo,
which had been in talks with FTX for custody of its crypto holdings,
to request the immediate creation of cold storage wallets. While BitGo
was creating the wallets, FTX temporarily stored its assets on an
employee's personal Ledger Nano hardware wallet. The siphoning of
funds stopped once the money was moved to the new wallet and the
rescued crypto was eventually transferred to BitGo. 

FORTY YEARS OF PROGRAMMING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://fabiensanglard.net/40/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article presents several tips to improve the ergonomics of a
programming setup. It makes several product recommendations that can
improve the developer experience, for example, Apple's Magic Trackpad
for improved comfort and navigation and the Ergodox EZ for a keyboard
where users' wrists never have to move. The article also recommends
stretching during breaks and managing stress levels by disconnecting
from work during non-work hours. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FIRST 2024 TESLA CYBERTRUCK REPORTEDLY AUCTIONED FOR $400,000, WITH
FIRST DELIVERIES STILL ELUSIVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.caranddriver.com/news/a45485974/2024-tesla-cybertruck-auction/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The auction occurred at the Petersen's 29th gala event, with tickets
to the festivities costing $1750 to up to $30,000 for a premier table.


HOW TO ADD DOCUMENTATION TO YOUR PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thisisimportant.net/posts/process-models-for-documentation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article presents three models for implementing documentation into
a product life cycle and discusses which models are best for different
types of organizations. 

CHATGPT‚ÄôS MOBILE APP HIT RECORD $4.58M IN REVENUE LAST MONTH, BUT
GROWTH IS SLOWING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/09/chatgpts-mobile-app-hit-record-4-58m-in-revenue-last-month-but-growth-is-slowing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The slowing revenue growth may be an indication that ChatGPT is
nearing saturation in terms of how many mobile users are willing to
pay for ChatGPT+. 

MY PERSONAL C CODING STYLE AS OF LATE 2023 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://nullprogram.com/blog/2023/10/08/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article presents a C coding style that has produced significant
productive and organizational benefits. 

UNITY CEO JOHN RICCITIELLO STEPPING DOWN, EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/unity-ceo-john-riccitiello-stepping-down-effective-immediately-231422660.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

John Riccitiello had served Unity as president and CEO for nine years.


‚ÄòUKUHUMUSHA‚Äô‚ÄîA NEW WAY TO HACK OPENAI'S CHATGPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/200763/language-translation-chatgpt-hack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Various restrictions in ChatGPT can be bypassed by using less common
languages like Zulu and Gaelic. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], INFORMATION SECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/infosec], DESIGN [https://tldr.tech/design],
MARKETING [https://tldr.tech/marketing], CRYPTO
[https://tldr.tech/crypto], and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/webdev]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=43aae128-673d-11ee-9b8d-c352ea91b033&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696932021&t=1696935155&s=f96f90b57674d21671c565ce9f6677ebbb1810e3062e3a9c65ecd8b4772896a4].