# Articles TLDR 13-02-2023

A Stanford University student used a prompt injection attack to
discover Bing Chats initial prompt.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=28f8e3dc-ab5b-11ed-a81b-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&t=1676290160&s=5d5d95c0b953717938127b63cbc5d3fefeee6bd96c740ff56b641c41821c0a1b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [ButterCMS]
[https://buttercms.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=retirelegacycms]


DAILY UPDATE 2023-02-13

BUTTER IS A HOSTED HEADLESS CMS WITH A BLAZING FAST API AND MARKETING
DASHBOARD (SPONSOR)
[https://buttercms.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=retirelegacycms]


Developers swamped with marketing website tasks? Butter gives
marketing teams the CMS they've always dreamed of without creating a
hassle for developers:

	*
Easy to use and implement

	*
Instant CMS backend + global content API
[https://buttercms.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=retirelegacycms]
that integrates with any tech stack

	*
Spend less time adding or maintaining webpages and get back to more
important problems

	*
Highest rated headless CMS. Used by Salesforce, Indeed, and Hopin

Build better with Butter. Start your free trial
[https://buttercms.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=retirelegacycms]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

META DELAYS SETTING TEAM BUDGETS AS IT PLANS FRESH ROUND OF JOB CUTS
(3 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/tHRU8?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Meta is currently preparing for a fresh round of job cuts, causing
delays in the finalization of multiple teams' budgets. This has led to
complaints from staff that no work is being done as managers are
unable to plan their workloads. Decisions that usually take days to
sign off are now taking up to a month, even in priority areas such as
the metaverse and advertising. Some managers are being asked to either
move to individual contributor roles or leave the company. 

AI-POWERED BING CHAT SPILLS ITS SECRETS VIA PROMPT INJECTION ATTACK (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/02/ai-powered-bing-chat-spills-its-secrets-via-prompt-injection-attack/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A Stanford University student used a prompt injection attack to
discover Bing Chat's initial prompt. The student tricked the AI model
into divulging its initial instructions by telling it to 'ignore
previous instructions' and write out the beginning of the whole
prompt. The extracted prompt has been confirmed using other prompt
injection methods. Excerpts from the Bing Chat prompt along with
screenshots of the prompt injection attack are available in the
article. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

PREPARE FOR IGNITION: THE FUTURE OF FUSION (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ruoz8#selection-3673.214-3689.163?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Companies are racing to create a fusion reactor that produces more
energy than it uses. The rush of innovation is being compared to the
advent of commercial space flight two decades ago. Achieving 'net
energy' will bring on a new era of possibilities. This article
discusses the state of nuclear fusion technology. It is unlikely that
fusion reactors will have a significant presence on power grids before
2040. 

‚ÄúOPEN SOURCE‚Äù SEEDS LOOSEN BIG AG‚ÄôS GRIP ON FARMERS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://worldsensorium.com/open-source-seeds-loosen-big-ags-grip-on-farmers/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Open Source Seed Initiative (OSSI) is a project that makes crop
seeds an open resource for everybody to share. The international seed
trade is controlled by a few big giants who protect and patent their
products. Most farmers are only renting the seeds they sow on their
fields. The OSSI has partnered with 50 seed breeders to offer nearly
500 seed varieties in the US. Other open source seed organizations are
growing in Europe, Argentina, and India. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

PUREGO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ebitengine/purego?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Purego is a library for calling C functions from Go without Cgo. It
uses code that originates from the Go runtime. 

WHICH BACK END SHOULD I USE AS A FRONT-END DEVELOPER? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://leerob.io/blog/backend?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This post provides an overview of databases for developers building
applications using serverless and edge compute. It covers recent
innovations in the database and backend space, including new tools,
companies, and programming models that simplify how developers store
data. The post focuses on transactional workloads, rather than
analytical workloads. It explores services that work with JavaScript
and TypeScript codebases and pair well with serverless and edge
compute. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE NEXT GENERATION OF LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/robtoews/2023/02/07/the-next-generation-of-large-language-models/?sh=7b4c40a18dbc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Every venture capitalist, entrepreneur, Fortune 500 CEO, and
journalist is talking about AI. The current state of AI is just the
beginning and the frontiers of AI are advancing rapidly. This article
looks at three emerging areas that will help define the next wave of
innovation in Generative AI and Large Language Models. The emerging
areas in Generative AI and LLM research are models that can generate
their own training data to improve themselves, models that can
fact-check themselves, and massive sparse expert models. 

GOOGLE EMPLOYEES CRITICIZE CEO SUNDAR PICHAI FOR ‚ÄòRUSHED, BOTCHED‚Äô
ANNOUNCEMENT OF GPT COMPETITOR BARD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/10/google-employees-slam-ceo-sundar-pichai-for-rushed-bard-announcement.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Google employees criticized leadership, especially CEO Sundar Pichai,
for the way the company handled the announcement of its ChatGPT
competitor, Bard. Google got ahead of Microsoft's announcement by
revealing Bard on Monday, with more information being revealed at a
presentation on Wednesday. Employees were not satisfied with the
presentation, as they expected more details, and one presenter even
forgot to bring a phone for the demonstration. All of these issues led
employees to feel that the announcement was 'botched' and
'un-Googley'. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GET A FREE .APP OR .DEV DOMAIN TO SHOWCASE YOUR SKILLS (SPONSOR)
[http://porkbun.com/event/freeappdevdomain?coupon=TLDR23&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=20230213]


Need a home for all the magnificent things you make? Porkbun is
offering .app and .dev domains free for the first year. Get your free
domain now
[http://porkbun.com/event/freeappdevdomain?coupon=TLDR23&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=20230213]


REVERSE ENGINEERING AN E-INK DISPLAY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeus.ugent.be/blog/22-23/reverse_engineering_epaper/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A look inside an e-ink display used in shops to indicate the price of
items. 

WHO BECOMES AN ENTREPRENEUR? (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.generalist.com/briefing/who-becomes-an-entrepreneur?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An analysis of the types of people that become entrepreneurs and what
drives them. 

MICROSOFT TO DEMO ITS NEW CHATGPT-LIKE AI IN WORD, POWERPOINT, AND
OUTLOOK SOON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/10/23593980/microsoft-bing-chatgpt-ai-teams-outlook-integration?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft is tentatively planning an announcement in March. 

MY FIFTH YEAR AS A BOOTSTRAPPED FOUNDER (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://mtlynch.io/solo-developer-year-5/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Learnings about being a bootstrapped founder from an entrepreneur with
five years of experience. 

REVISIONIST ENGINEERING (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/deno-spotlight/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The story of Ryan Dahl, best known for creating Node.js and Deno. 

IPHONE 15 USB-C PORT MAY HAVE SOME FEATURES LIMITED TO APPLE CERTIFIED
CABLES AND ACCESSORIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/02/10/iphone-15-usb-c-port-proprietary/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Apple has developed a Lightning-compatible integrated circuit board
that could limit how the USB-C port interacts with what is plugged
into it. 

üë®‚Äçüíª 

JOBS

ROUNDINGWELL - DEVOPS ENGINEER (FULLY REMOTE, $80,000 - $150,000)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/devops-engineer/291] 

RoundingWell is hiring a DevOps Engineer to design, implement, and
maintain infrastructure, tools, and pipelines for workflow
orchestration software that powers population health programs for care
management teams. 

CITY PASS - SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (FULLY REMOTE)
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/software-developer/290] 

City Pass is hiring a Software Developer to collaborate on a
customer-facing ecommerce website and related web apps for the market
leader in marketing and selling discounted multi-attraction passes. 

You may also like to SEE MORE JOBS [https://tldr.tech/jobs] or HIRE
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US [https://tldr.tech/tech/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=28f8e3dc-ab5b-11ed-a81b-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676286014&t=1676290160&s=4b14d516b8113adffdf000d8c1d988fc880cd3c9bb67d6f8c169097d430c0000].


¬†