# Articles TLDR 24-08-2023

Google has fallen behind in the AR/VR space despite dabbling in it for
over a decade.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/signup?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e2b4a4e-4245-11ee-9182-e91e38199e6a&pt=campaign&t=1692873792&s=46b6c2bdd756e96ca7a9d968a585391e6f237013575e03cc3c4d31e82b3845fa]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR 2023-08-24

COMPLIANCE AND DEV TEAMS: IT‚ÄôS COMPLICATED (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

There‚Äôs no question that compliance is critical. But for dev teams,
it can be a drag.
If you‚Äôre a developer, you were hired to build products ‚Äî not
tinker with screenshots and spreadsheets for compliance audits.

üëâ¬†This is where Drata‚Äôs compliance automation
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
comes in.

With Drata, you have an autopilot system that acts as a layer of
communication
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
between siloed tech stacks and confusing¬†compliance¬†controls. You
don‚Äôt need to figure out how to get¬†compliant¬†or manually check
dozens of systems to provide evidence to auditors ‚Äî because
Drata¬†does it all for you
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

Time to put compliance on autopilot and get back to building. Start
with 10% off and waived implementation fees
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üì± 

BIG TECH & STARTUPS

‚ÄúPROJECT MOOHAN‚Äù IS GOOGLE AND SAMSUNG‚ÄôS INEVITABLE APPLE VISION
PRO CLONE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/08/project-moohan-is-google-and-samsungs-inevitable-apple-vision-pro-clone/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Google has fallen behind in the AR/VR space despite dabbling in it for
over a decade. The company is working with Samsung and Qualcomm to
create a competitor to Apple's Vision Pro headset. It is planning to
launch the headset around summer 2024. Inside reports from Google
employees say that the company's AR/VR plans are a bureaucratic mess. 

TIKTOK PLANS TO BAN LINKS TO OUTSIDE E-COMMERCE SITES LIKE AMAZON (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/tiktok-plans-ban-links-outside-e-commerce-sites-like-amazon-new-report-claims/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A new report claims that TikTok is planning to ban links to outside
e-commerce sites. The move will force people to use TikTok Shop if
they want to purchase an item they see on the app. TikTok Shop is on
track to lose more than $500 million in the US this year. It is
unknown when TikTok plans to introduce the ban. 

üöÄ 

SCIENCE & FUTURISTIC TECHNOLOGY

SCIENTISTS FINALLY UNCOVER COMPLETE Y-CHROMOSOME SEQUENCE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://interestingengineering.com/science/y-chromosome-completely-sequenced?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Scientists have created a full genetic map of the male sex chromosome.
The breakthrough could help researchers decode conditions ranging from
infertility to cancer. The Y chromosome comprises nearly 60 million
base pairs. The researchers aim to make the data widely accessible to
expand genetic studies of human disease and provide new insights into
basic biology. A link to the original research paper is available. 

THIS IS APPTRONIK‚ÄôS HUMANOID ROBOT, APOLLO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/this-is-apptroniks-humanoid-robot-apollo/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Decades of research are starting to pay off for the field of humanoid
robotics. Many startups have come out of the woodwork since Tesla
announced plans to build a robot in April 2022. This article looks at
Apptronik's Apollo humanoid robot, which can perform a variety of
tasks including walking, unloading trailers, palletizing, and case
picking. Apptronik has already managed to sign a handful of pilot
tests for Apollo. Pictures and GIFs of the robot are available in the
article. 

üíª 

PROGRAMMING, DESIGN & DATA SCIENCE

REACT STATELY (WEBSITE)
[https://react-spectrum.adobe.com/react-stately/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

React Stately is a library of React Hooks that provides cross-platform
state management for design systems. It is design-agnostic and
provides state management intrinsic to the functionality of the
component. React Stately handles state management for common
components through an easy-to-use interface. It is designed to help
developers build adaptive, accessible, and robust user experiences. 

ROBOFLOW INFERENCE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/roboflow/inference?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Roboflow Inference is a tool for running inference on state-of-the-art
computer vision models. It can be deployed on a range of devices and
environments with no prior knowledge of machine learning. Roboflow
Inference supports object detection, classification, instance
segmentation models, and foundation models. A video of Roboflow
Inference running on a video of a football game is available. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO SABOTAGE YOUR SALARY NEGOTIATION EFFORTS BEFORE YOU EVEN START
(26 MINUTE READ)
[https://interviewing.io/blog/sabotage-salary-negotiation-before-even-start?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Two things to avoid during salary negotiations are revealing
information too early and negotiating before being ready for it. This
post explains why these two mistakes sabotage salary negotiation
efforts and what to say to recruiters instead. Being in a 'passive
information gathering' mode will help most interviewees with their
recruiter interactions. Negotiation is about laying a foundation and
then swooping in on offers once they come in. 

INDIA BECOMES THE FOURTH COUNTRY TO LAND A SPACECRAFT ON THE MOON (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/space/2023/08/india-becomes-the-fourth-country-to-land-a-spacecraft-on-the-moon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

India is the fourth country to land a spacecraft on the Moon. The
Chandrayaan 3 is the country's second attempt at a lunar landing. Its
first attempt in 2019 failed when higher-than-expected thrust from its
braking rockets drove the lander off course. Chandrayaan 3 cost the
Indian government roughly $90 million. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

UPSKILL DURING YOUR COFFEE BREAK. TRY BRILLIANT‚ÄôS BITE-SIZED
INTERACTIVE LESSONS FOR FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/]

You‚Äôll be shocked at what you can achieve in 5 minutes a day‚Äîand
10M+ already agree. Flex your analytical thinking ‚Äî master news
skills ‚Äî level up your career. Try Brilliant free for 30 days.
[https://brilliant.org/tldrtech/] 

NVIDIA‚ÄôS BLOWOUT EARNINGS REPORT SHOWS CHIPMAKER IS GOBBLING UP ALL
THE PROFIT IN AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/23/nvidia-blowout-earnings-report-shows-chipmaker-grabbing-all-ai-profits.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nvidia's overall sales grew 171% year-over-year in the quarter that
ended July 30. 

AN EXCRUCIATINGLY DETAILED GUIDE TO SSH (BUT ONLY THE THINGS I
ACTUALLY FIND USEFUL) (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://grahamhelton.com/blog/ssh-cheatsheet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SSH is a powerful tool, but sometimes the syntax and other concepts
can get in the way. 

EPIC‚ÄôS FIRST RUN OFFERS 100% REVENUE SHARE TO GAME DEVS IN EXCHANGE
FOR EXCLUSIVITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/epics-first-run-offers-100-revenue-share-to-game-devs-in-exchange-for-exclusivity/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Developers now have the option to get 100% of their game's sales
revenue with Epic in exchange for being exclusive in its game store
for six months. 

TORNADO CASH DEVS CHARGED WITH LAUNDERING MORE THAN $1 BILLION (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/23/23843161/tornado-cash-indictment-conspiracy-north-korea-money-laundering?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Roman Semenov and Roman Storm have been charged with three conspiracy
counts in relation to the Tornado Cash cryptocurrency mixing service. 

SPACEX WORKING WITH CLOUDFLARE TO SPEED UP STARLINK SERVICE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/science/spacex-working-with-cloudflare-speed-up-starlink-service-information-2023-08-23/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

SpaceX and Cloudflare are working on a way to increase Starlink's
network of mini data centers to deliver faster network speeds to
customers. 

UGLY NUMBERS FROM MICROSOFT AND CHATGPT REVEAL THAT AI DEMAND IS
ALREADY SHRINKING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.honest-broker.com/p/ugly-numbers-from-microsoft-and-chatgpt?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bing's market share hasn't grown at all despite Microsoft's $10
billion bet that AI would enable its search engine to surpass Google. 

WANT MORE TLDR?

We also write newsletters for FOUNDERS [https://tldr.tech/founders],
AI [https://tldr.tech/ai], CYBERSECURITY
[https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity], CRYPTO [https://tldr.tech/crypto],
and WEB DEV [https://tldr.tech/engineering]!

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of tech
executives, decision-makers and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan Ni [https://twitter.com/tldrdan] and Stephen Flanders
[https://twitter.com/SteveFlanders22] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=cfa2d55a-b7be-11e8-a3c9-06b79b628af2&lc=f80745b2-96a0-11ed-ad7e-3729ef006681&p=7e2b4a4e-4245-11ee-9182-e91e38199e6a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692871235&t=1692873792&s=63e72aa7c379a4d62cabf0104162cc6c224a160c712ef73c1e7465942867e80e].