# Articles TLDR  15-05-2023

## Article 1
### [OpenAI + Nylas Fireside Chat: Generative AI (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI + Nylas Fireside Chat: Generative AI (Sponsor)

Nylas is hosting a casual chat with OpenAI on May 17th with Evan Morikawa, Applied Engineering Manager at OpenAI, and Christine Spang, Co-Founder and CTO of Nylas. TheyE28099ll discuss what it takes to deliver and maintain AI solutions at scale, what the future of generative AI looks like, and much more. Get your link to join here! Want to start building with Nylas using ChatGPT? Here are a few ideas to help you maximize efficiency and productivity as you build.

## Article 2
### [Google Unveils Codey (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Unveils Codey (1 minute read)</a>
The article discusses Google's introduction of a new generative AI model called Codey, designed to assist programmers in writing code. Codey is a code-generating model that can provide users with suggestions, identify errors, and even complete entire blocks of code. It aims to streamline the coding process and boost developer productivity by helping users find solutions quickly and efficiently.

## Article 3
### [Instruct Blip (33 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Instruct Blip (33 minute read)

Blip is a model developed by Salesforce that can be used for vision and language tasks. Following the line of work in language models that tunes them to follow instructions, we can also tune these vision language models to follow instructions. This dramatically improves the performance, and in this case it even outperforms the published numbers of GPT-4.

## Article 4
### [Prompt Injection Explained (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Prompt Injection Explained (17 minute read)

## Article 5
### [Enhancing Image Quality with Prior Knowledge (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Enhancing Image Quality with Prior Knowledge (16 minute read)

A new technique has been created that enhances the quality of blurry images using pre-set text-to-image models. This method smartly uses a special encoder and doesn't need to change the existing image-making model, saving training time. Plus, users can control image quality with one simple adjustment. The strategy also handles larger images better than previous methods. Tests with both artificial and real-world images prove it's more effective than current solutions.

## Article 6
### [Detection through reasoning (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Detection through reasoning (GitHub Repo)

When detecting objects in a scene, you usually pull from a set of predefined classes. Also, asking questions about the scene is challenging. In this case, we can use powerful language models (Vicuna) with instruction tuned detectors to reason about queries and detect objects as a result.

## Article 7
### [Open-LLaMa (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Open-LLaMa (GitHub Repo)

The complete training code of the open-source high-performance Llama model, including the full process from pre-training to RLHF.

## Article 8
### [PaLM (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PaLM (GitHub Repo)

An open-source implementation of Google's PaLM models.

## Article 9
### [Cohere LLM university (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cohere LLM university (6 minute read)

Cohere is a startup that offers a language model API similar to other big players. They have a set of powerful models that you can use to build applications. This language model university is designed to bring you up to speed on modern language models and show how to build on them with cohere's tools.

## Article 10
### [How Long Will Big Tech Open Source AI Handouts Last? (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Long Will Big Tech Open Source AI Handouts Last? (6 minute read)

This article dives into how long big tech companies will continue to provide open-source AI material, especially in light of the recent leaked memo suggesting that Google and OpenAI will lose out to the open-source community.

## Article 11
### [Chatbots Still Struggle With Negation (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Chatbots Still Struggle With Negation (7 minute read)

Despite the remarkable capabilities of AI models like ChatGPT, they do have limitations. In particular, they lack common sense reasoning and are unable to understand context beyond the immediate text they are processing. This inability can lead to nonsensical, inconsistent, or biased responses. This is due to the training method, which involves learning from vast amounts of text data but doesn't include an understanding of the world or the ability to reason about it. Researchers are exploring ways to improve these aspects of AI, but significant challenges remain.

## Article 12
### [New retrieval framework in langchain (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New retrieval framework in langchain (4 minute read)

Language models use retrieval to get up to date information or information that doesn't fit in the context. This forward looking retrieval uses a Google search API and large language models from Open AI to build a robust retrieval question answering system.

## Article 13
### [Sundar Pichai Talks Search, AI, & Microsoft (20 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sundar Pichai Talks Search, AI, & Microsoft (20 minute read)</strong>

