# Articles TLDR  26-04-2023

## Article 1
### [HuggingFace Chat (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 HuggingFace Chat (Product)

Based on the 30B OpenAssistant Llama models, HuggingFace has a fun chat application similar to ChatGPT. It is slower than competitors, but being based on a mostly open model it still has quite some power.

## Article 2
### [Self supervised learning cookbook (55 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Self supervised learning cookbook (55 minute read)

It could be argued that a lot of the recent success with deep learning has come on the back of self-supervised tasks. There's not a clear boundary between unsupervised and self-supervised, but where it does exist this paper is a really nice exploration of the methods and all of the various hyperparameters that need to be taken into consideration. Self supervised learning is a really powerful technique and this is a cool way to learn more

## Article 3
### [Fully Sparse Fusion for 3D Object Detection (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fully Sparse Fusion for 3D Object Detection (6 minute read)

This paper investigates the integration of image modality into fully sparse architecture for efficient long-range 3D detection, using instance queries to fuse 2D instance segmentation with LiDAR-based 3D segmentation. The resulting framework achieves state-of-the-art results on nuScenes and Argoverse 2 datasets, while being 2.7 times faster than other multimodal 3D detection methods.

## Article 4
### [360C2B0 Rendering: HOSNeRF Unlocks Dynamic Human-Object-Scene Interactions from Single Monocular Videos (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 360C2B0 Rendering: HOSNeRF Unlocks Dynamic Human-Object-Scene Interactions from Single Monocular Videos (8 minute read)

HOSNeRF is a 360C2B0 free-viewpoint rendering method that reconstructs neural radiance fields for dynamic human-object-scene interactions from a single monocular video, addressing challenges like complex object motions and varying interactions. The method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches on two datasets, with a 40%-50% improvement in LPIPS, and provides compelling 360C2B0 renderings from single videos.

## Article 5
### [Track anything (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Track anything (GitHub Repo)

Based on segment anything and XMem, track anything is a flexible and scalable way to track objects and videos. You can then use the masks for automatic video editing, style transfer, or video recognition tasks.

## Article 6
### [Segment Anything in 3D (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Segment Anything in 3D (3 minute read)

SA3D is a novel framework for one-shot 3D segmentation using neural radiance fields, enabling users to segment target objects in rendered views with minimal manual prompting. The iterative process uses 2D masks, density-guided inverse rendering, and cross-view self-prompts for accurate 3D mask learning, completing segmentation in about 2 minutes without optimization.

## Article 7
### [HealthGPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 HealthGPT (GitHub Repo)

HealthGPT is an experimental iOS app that allows users to interact with their health data stored in the Apple Health app using natural language.

## Article 8
### [GPT-4 cost $43 million to train? (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT-4 cost $43 million to train? (7 minute read)

While we donE28099t know exactly how much it cost to train the newest flagship model from OpenAI - this report breaks down a few potential pieces of information to try and guess how much it might have cost. The amount is mind-blowing (itE28099s not a lot in absolute terms, but an expensive model nonetheless). There are other nice tidbits in the report around compute usage and an estimate of when weE28099ll run out of data!

## Article 9
### [How Autonomous Inventory Robots Can Save Retailers Billions (12 minute video)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Autonomous Inventory Robots Can Save Retailers Billions (12 minute video)

Autonomous inventory robots have the potential to save retailers billions by streamlining inventory management, reducing labor costs, and enhancing operational efficiency, illustrating the transformative power of AI and robotics in the retail industry.

## Article 10
### [What Americans Think About The Impact Of AI On Work (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What Americans Think About The Impact Of AI On Work (10 minute read)

A Pew Research Center study explores American public opinion on the use of AI in hiring and evaluating workers, revealing mixed feelings about the technology's potential benefits, fairness, and the concerns surrounding privacy, bias, and the impact on employment opportunities.

## Article 11
### [OpenAI Improves ChatGPT Privacy (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI Improves ChatGPT Privacy (1 minute read)

OpenAI announced that ChatGPTE28099s users can now turn off their chat histories, preventing their input from being used for training data.

## Article 12
### [Republicans Release AI-Generated Political Ad (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Republicans Release AI-Generated Political Ad (1 minute read)

The Verge reports on an AI-generated attack ad targeting President Biden, created by the RNC, which raises concerns over the use of deepfake technology in politics and highlights the potential for misinformation and manipulation in future elections.

## Article 13
### [US Regulators Warn They Already Have The Power To Go After AI Bias (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 US Regulators Warn They Already Have The Power To Go After AI Bias (2 minute read)

CNBC reports that US regulators are warning that they possess the authority to take action against AI bias, emphasizing the need for companies to ensure fairness and ethical practices in their artificial intelligence systems to avoid potential regulatory repercussions.

## Article 14
### [ResearchGPT (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ResearchGPT (Product)

ResearchGPT is an LLM-powered product that writes analytics code for your data. It also takes the results of its analysis and helps interpret them for you.

