# Articles TLDR  27-01-2023

## Article 1
### [FTX creditor list shows airlines, charities, and tech firms caught in collapse (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FTX creditor list shows airlines, charities, and tech firms caught in collapse (2 minute read)

A 115-page document containing the names of creditors owed money by FTX has been released. It lists the creditors in alphabetical order and reveals a wide range of companies, including airlines, hotels, charities, banks, venture capital firms, media outlets, crypto companies, and government agencies. The names of nearly 9.7 million customers with funds stuck on the exchange were not included in the document. Some of its creditors included Apple, Netflix, Amazon, Meta, Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, and Twitter.

## Article 2
### [OptimismE28099s OP Token Hits All-Time High as Layer 2 Adoption Interests Grow (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OptimismE28099s OP Token Hits All-Time High as Layer 2 Adoption Interests Grow (5 minute read)

Optimism's OP token reached an all-time high on Wednesday. Despite the price increase, transaction activity on Optimism has recently decreased significantly. The decrease is likely due to the completion of Optimism Quests, which ran from September through January 17th. These Quests encouraged users to interact with various protocols on the network and were successful in attracting new users to the platform.

## Article 3
### [Sushiswap to launch a perp dex on Sei Network, 'Head Chef' Says (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sushiswap to launch a perp dex on Sei Network, 'Head Chef' Says (2 minute read)

Sushiswap is expanding into non-Ethereum ecosystems by launching a perpetual futures exchange on the Sei Network, a blockchain-focused on decentralized trading applications. The move will take Sushiswap into a new sector of decentralized finance and could impact its tokenomics plan by adding a new source of revenue for the protocol. Sushiswap recently passed a governance proposal to revamp its tokenomics in an effort to redirect value back to its native token. Perpetual futures is among the fastest-growing sectors in crypto.

## Article 4
### [EVM Chad (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EVM Chad (GitHub Repo)

This repository contains a curated list of resources on the Ethereum Virtual Machine. It includes sections on Solidity, Yul, smart contract development, and DeFi. The list recommends YouTube channels and influencers to follow.

## Article 5
### [Pudgy Penguins and Doodles Seek Alternatives to Ethereum (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pudgy Penguins and Doodles Seek Alternatives to Ethereum (3 minute read)

## Article 6
### [FBI Infiltrated Hive Network, Blocking Over $130 Million in Crypto Ransomware (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FBI Infiltrated Hive Network, Blocking Over $130 Million in Crypto Ransomware (3 minute read)

The Hive ransomware group has been accused of targeting hospitals, schools, and banking in over 80 countries.

