# Articles TLDR  21-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Roblox is incorporating Generative AI (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Roblox is incorporating Generative AI (4 minute read)

Popular online game Roblox is bringing Generative AI to its game universe, allowing players to use its code-writing ability to make its digital worlds even more customizable. The tool lets Roblox users create items such as buildings, terrain, and avatars; change the appearance and behavior of those things; and give them new interactive properties by typing what they want to achieve in natural language rather than complex code.

## Article 2
### [AI being used in call centers (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI being used in call centers (12 minute read)

The AI in the workplace battle has begun, and its first battleground is call centers, where AI is being used to automate basic tasks and instruct the remaining humans how to do their jobs. For workers, the technology promises to eliminate the drudgery of dull, repetitive tasks such as data processing and password resets, while synthesizing huge amounts of information that can be accessed instantly.

## Article 3
### [Jasper for business (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jasper for business (Product Launch)

Jasper is an artificial intelligence platform that helps teams create high-quality content faster. You can train Jasper on your brand's voice, collaborate with your team within Jasper, and have Jasper run in all your day-to-day workflows (email, Google Docs, and more).

## Article 4
### [Speed up code 2.5x with Performance Improvement Edits (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Speed up code 2.5x with Performance Improvement Edits (4 minute read)

Compilers are excellent for optimizing code, but can only do so much. This work releases a dataset and models that edit code to improve run-time performance. The intuition behind this work is that language models may have better semantic understanding of the code which provides advantages over standard static analysis.

## Article 5
### [Alignment through the law (43 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alignment through the law (43 minute read)

It is infeasible to specify all the possible desired outcomes to a language model agent. Alignment studies this problem through many lenses, one new lens is that of legal contracts. Legal contracts face a similar issue in that they cannot predict every E2809Cif-thenE2809D scenario, but require counterparties to reason about the spirit of the agreement, conditioned on precedence. This paper explores SOTA language modelE28099s ability to reason similarly about fiduciary duties in contracts. The latest OpenAI models are much better than previous versions, indicating potential positive progress for alignment!

## Article 6
### [A Benchmark for Few-Shot Region-Aware Machine Translation (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Benchmark for Few-Shot Region-Aware Machine Translation (6 minute read)

Machine translation systems don't allow users to specify which regional variety of a language they want to translate into, which can lead to confusion or unnatural translations. To address this issue, Google researchers have created an evaluation dataset called FRMT to measure MT systems' ability to support regional varieties, specifically Brazilian vs. European Portuguese and Mainland vs. Taiwan Mandarin Chinese. They hope this dataset will inspire new ways of creating more accurate and applicable MT systems for the numerous regional language varieties spoken worldwide.

## Article 7
### [Running large language models on a single GPU (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Running large language models on a single GPU (GitHub Repo)

FlexGen is a high-throughput generation engine for running large language models with limited GPU memory. It improves performance via E2809Clightning fastE2809D offloading when in limited memory environments. Benchmarks show 1 token per second on a T4 for OPT175B!

## Article 8
### [Rust based deep learning framework (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rust based deep learning framework (GitHub Repo)

If you're looking for a well written, new, deep learning framework in Rust, burn seems like a good choice. Their Tensor crate is good to use standalone. This also is a fun library if you're looking to contribute to an open source project.

## Article 9
### [Granular Control over Text-to-Image Generation using T2I-Adapters (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Granular Control over Text-to-Image Generation using T2I-Adapters (GitHub Repo)

This work proposes the use of T2I-Adapters to control the generation more granularly by aligning internal knowledge in T2I models with external control signals. This approach can achieve rich control and editing effects and has practical value due to its composability and generalization ability. The proposed T2I-Adapter shows promising generation quality and a wide range of applications, according to extensive experiments.

## Article 10
### [Why China didnE28099t invent ChatGPT](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why China didnE28099t invent ChatGPT

ChinaE28099s hardening censorship and heavier hand have held back its tech industry; so has entrepreneursE28099 reluctance to invest for the long term. But this wasnE28099t always the case. The author argues that ChinaE28099s control over the private tech sector, geopolitical relationship with the US, censorship, and lack of chip market have caused them to fall behind the US in the AI race.

## Article 11
### [My class required AI. Here's what I've learned so far. (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 My class required AI. Here's what I've learned so far. (5 minute read)

Author Ethan Mollick documents how he integrated ChatGPT into his undergraduate and masters-level entrepreneurship and innovation classes at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. One class was built on extensive AI use: it required students to use AI to help them generate ideas, produce written material, help create apps, generate images, and more. Another class had assignments that required students to use AI, and other assignments where AI was optional. The final class introduced them to AI tools and suggested their use, but did not have specific AI assignments. Spoiler alert: it has been very successful, but there are some lessons to be learned.

## Article 12
### [AI That Improves Itself Through Darwin-Style Evolution (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI That Improves Itself Through Darwin-Style Evolution (2 minute read)

## Article 13
### [Media Is Upset That OpenAI Is Using Their Articles To Train ChatGPT (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Media Is Upset That OpenAI Is Using Their Articles To Train ChatGPT (2 minute read)

Major media outlets, including the Wall Street Journal and CNN, are upset that OpenAI is using their articles to train ChatGPT without paying them.

## Article 14
### [NASAE28099s New Balloon-Borne Telescope Was Designed With AI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NASAE28099s New Balloon-Borne Telescope Was Designed With AI (3 minute read)

AI was used to quickly design NASAE28099s new balloon-borne telescope, a significant development considering how long it usually takes humans to design new telescopes.

