# Articles TLDR  23-01-2023

## Article 1
### [3 reasons to use the 1inch Wallet as your entry point to DeFi (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 3 reasons to use the 1inch Wallet as your entry point to DeFi (Sponsor)

Self-custody: Skip the shady middleman E28094 you are the sole owner of your walletE28099s private keys and assets.Security: Transparency and protection. Audited by top security firms. Hardware wallet compatibility.Universal: A single wallet for major chains and tokens.Download the 1inch Wallet app for free!

## Article 2
### [Gemini, Hedge Funds, and a DeFi App: Bankrupt Genesis Reveals List of Creditors (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gemini, Hedge Funds, and a DeFi App: Bankrupt Genesis Reveals List of Creditors (3 minute read)

Genesis' recent Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing revealed the company's largest creditors. The filing revealed over $3.6 billion of debt. Gemini is Genesis' largest creditor, with a disputed debt of around $765.9 million. Its other top creditors include Mirana Corp (~$151.5 million), Moonalpha Financial Services Limited (~$150 million), Coincident Capital (~$112 million), and Donut (~$78 million).

## Article 3
### [Ex-FTX.US Head Raises $5M for Startup Months After Exchange's Collapse (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ex-FTX.US Head Raises $5M for Startup Months After Exchange's Collapse (2 minute read)

Former president of FTX.US Brett Harrison has raised $5 million for a new crypto startup called Architect. The new startup will build trading software tailored towards large investors and institutions. It plans to launch its product in the second quarter. Harrison struggled to raise funds due to his past association with FTX. He says that he was not a part of FTX's scheme and that the criminal activity was concealed from him and the executives at FTX.US.

## Article 4
### [Circle's Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (Twitter Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle's Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (Twitter Thread)

Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) is a permissionless on-chain utility that can burn native USDC on a source chain and mint native USDC of the same amount on a destination chain. It can be embedded into apps to give users a capital-efficient way to transfer USDC across chains. The CCTP smart contract is designed to allow composability of additional functionality. It can be used to build novel cross-chain apps while abstracting complexity away from users.

## Article 5
### [An incomplete guide to stealth addresses (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An incomplete guide to stealth addresses (15 minute read)

## Article 6
### [2022 Echo Bubble - Full thesis (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 2022 Echo Bubble - Full thesis (5 minute read)

This Twitter Thread presents evidence for a mid-term bottom and an oncoming echo bubble using technical analysis, on-chain data, and exchange/derivatives data. While the market is down, we are now in a period of low volatility. There is still plenty of liquidity for risk assets, and with many assets currently tied up in bankruptcy proceedings, supply has been significantly reduced. The overall market positioning sets up the foundation for a large multi-week to multi-month echo bubble.

## Article 7
### [Genesis bankruptcy is going to reveal the entire crypto leverage cycle (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Genesis bankruptcy is going to reveal the entire crypto leverage cycle (1 minute read)

This Twitter thread presents a chart that shows the daisy chain of crypto leverage. It covers the relationships between major entities such as the SEC, DCG, Three Arrows Capital, Genesis Global, Voyager Digital, FTX, Alameda Research, and BlockFi. The chart details purchases, loans, gifts, deals, and more.

## Article 8
### [Binance says Signature Bank has set transaction floor amid pullback (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance says Signature Bank has set transaction floor amid pullback (2 minute read)

Binance says that Signature Bank, one of its fiat banking partners, will no longer support its crypto exchange customers with transactions of less than $100,000 to decrease its exposure to digital asset markets. The change is set to be enforced from February 1. Some users may not be able to use SWIFT bank transfers for amounts of less than $100,000. No other banking partners are impacted.

## Article 9
### [Centrifuge Quietly Sets Pace in Real World Assets Race (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Centrifuge Quietly Sets Pace in Real World Assets Race (3 minute read)

Centrifuge has raised $252 million to put debt products on-chain.

## Article 10
### [SEC Charges Mango Exploiter With Market Manipulation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC Charges Mango Exploiter With Market Manipulation (2 minute read)

Avraham Eisenberg has been charged with market manipulation for allegedly manipulating Mango Markets' MNGO token.

