# Articles TLDR  03-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Arbitrum Foundation Sold ARB Tokens Ahead of 'Ratification' Vote; ARB Falls (3 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Arbitrum Foundation Sold ARB Tokens Ahead of 'Ratification' Vote; ARB Falls (3 minute read)</strong>

Over the weekend, there was quite a bit of drama with ArbitrumE28099s AIP-1, its first DAO proposal. The initial proposal called for 750 million $ARB tokens to be distributed to the Arbitrum Foundation to make special grants, reimburse applicable service providers, and cover ongoing administrative and operational costs. The AIP also accounted for a $3.5m budget to set up the legal structure for the foundation. Before the vote was finished, the Arbitrum Foundation sold 10m $ARB tokens to pay for these setup costs and other expenses owed to service providers. The AIP ended up being voted against, and the Arbitrum Foundation will be proposing new AIPs this week.

## Article 2
### [Bittrex Shuts Down US Crypto Exchange Due to 'Regulatory Environment' (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bittrex Shuts Down US Crypto Exchange Due to 'Regulatory Environment' (2 minute read)

Bittrex, a US-based cryptocurrency exchange, announced it is ceasing operations in the country due to an unfavorable regulatory and economic environment. Trading for clients will continue until April 14, and customer funds must be withdrawn by April 30. Bittrex CEO Richie Lai cited unclear and unevenly enforced regulatory requirements as reasons for shutting down. The exchange will continue to operate its Bittrex Global platform for traders outside the US. This decision follows a series of fines and regulatory crackdowns on American crypto companies.

## Article 3
### [Gnosis Launches Hashi Bridge Aggregator to Help Prevent Hacks (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gnosis Launches Hashi Bridge Aggregator to Help Prevent Hacks (2 minute read)

Gnosis has launched Hashi, a hash oracle aggregator aimed at enhancing the security of blockchain bridges by requiring multiple bridges to validate a withdrawal before confirmation. Several bridge protocols, including Succinct Labs, DendrETH, ZK Collective, Connext, Celer, LayerZero, Axiom, Wormhole, and LI.FI, have committed to integrating with Hashi. By requiring agreement from multiple bridges, Hashi helps prevent multi-sig governance attacks and ensures cross-chain transactions are more secure. Bridges have been some of the most vulnerable attack vectors in crypto, resulting in over $2 billion of stolen funds in 2021 and 2022. This is a novel solution to address this weak spot.

## Article 4
### [How will Ethereum's multi-client philosophy interact with ZK-EVMs? (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How will Ethereum's multi-client philosophy interact with ZK-EVMs? (15 minute read)

Ethereum's security and decentralization are supported by its multi-client philosophy. A significant upcoming transition for Ethereum chain validation is the rise of ZK-EVMs, which are already used by L2 protocols called ZK rollups. In the future, ZK-EVMs will be crucial for verifying L1 execution, becoming a third type of Ethereum client. As ZK-EVMs integrate with the multi-client philosophy, the challenge lies in creating a multi-client ecosystem for ZK-proving Ethereum block correctness. The long-term goal is to make Ethereum blocks smaller, enabling anyone to run a fully verifying node on their device, while preserving the multi-client philosophy's benefits.

## Article 5
### [White Paper Alleging Federal Banking Regulators Are Waging War Against the Cryptocurrency Industry (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 White Paper Alleging Federal Banking Regulators Are Waging War Against the Cryptocurrency Industry (2 minute read)

A white paper from law firm Cooper & Kirk alleges that federal bank regulators, including the FDIC, Federal Reserve Board, and OCC, may be engaging in a covert financial war against the crypto industry. The tactics resemble those used during "Operation Choke Point," which targeted politically unpopular businesses. Crypto businesses are experiencing debanking and loss of access to the ACH network. The law firm, which previously sued regulators over Operation Choke Point, calls for Congress to hold regulators accountable and stop this potential "Operation Choke Point 2.0."

## Article 6
### [Amazon NFT Marketplace Could Feature Beeple, Pudgy Penguins (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Amazon NFT Marketplace Could Feature Beeple, Pudgy Penguins (5 minute read)

## Article 7
### [ZeroSync and Blockstream to Broadcast Bitcoin Zero-Knowledge Proofs From Space (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ZeroSync and Blockstream to Broadcast Bitcoin Zero-Knowledge Proofs From Space (2 minute read)

ZeroSync Association and Blockstream plan to broadcast Bitcoin zero-knowledge proofs via satellite, enabling nodes to sync quickly without downloading the entire 500GB blockchain.

