# Articles TLDR  05-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Google announces the Pixel Fold (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google announces the Pixel Fold (1 minute read)

Google will be launching the Pixel Fold at the Google I/O 2023 event. Leaked marketing materials and hands-on videos indicate that the Pixel Fold phone will have a full-size outer display, a Google Tensor G2 processor, and a strong hinge. The 5.8-inch phone will be able to fold open into a 7.6-inch tablet. It will cost around $1,700. Google has been encouraging Android app developers to work on foldable devices and larger screen sizes.

## Article 2
### [OpenAI Reportedly Lost $540 Million Developing ChatGPT in 2022 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI Reportedly Lost $540 Million Developing ChatGPT in 2022 (2 minute read)

OpenAI reported $540 million in losses last year. CEO Sam Altman plans to raise $100 billion in the next few years to develop a smarter AI capable of self-improvement. Meanwhile, OpenAI looks to acquire more data sets for its software. Some companies have banned generative AI usage with proprietary data to prevent it from entering the ChatGPT data pool. OpenAI's ambitious investment in AI technology raises the question of whether other AI companies can keep up.

## Article 3
### [In a world first, RSV vaccines wins FDA approval for adults 60 and up (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 In a world first, RSV vaccines wins FDA approval for adults 60 and up (2 minute read)

The US Food and Drug Administration has approved the world's first vaccine against Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV). Arexvy from GSK will be available for adults only, aged 60 and over, pending a recommendation from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In clinical trials, patients who received the vaccine had an 82.6% lower risk of developing lower-respiratory tract infections from RSV and a 94.1% drop in the chances of a severe RSV infection. Several other treatments for RSV are currently under development.

## Article 4
### [The inside scoop on solar geoengineering (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The inside scoop on solar geoengineering (5 minute read)

This article takes a look at the world of solar geoengineering. Solar geoengineering refers to various attempts to change the Earth's climate by reflecting its sunlight. This can be done through the use of balloons, clouds, sunshades, or by releasing gasses or small particles into the atmosphere from an aircraft. There is widespread opposition to studies and debates on the topic, given the potentially irreversible impact to the planet. Despite this, a few companies have already launched independent efforts.

## Article 5
### [Frappe (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Frappe (GitHub Repo)

Frappe is a full-stack web application framework designed for low code web development in Python and Javascript. It comes with integrated libraries and extensive modules. Frappe's single page application includes built-in forms, lists, searches, and navigation, with user roles and permissions applied out of the box on all interactions.

## Article 6
### [Ask HN: What tech is under the radar with all attention on ChatGPT etc. (Hacker News Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ask HN: What tech is under the radar with all attention on ChatGPT etc. (Hacker News Thread)

This Hacker News thread looks at new technologies that aren't currently trending. The technologies discussed include color e-ink displays (which are just starting to get decent), commodity RISCV chips (some have just entered mass production), generative AI and quantum computing cloud (high demand from Wall Street and Government/Defense), and heat pumps (highly impactful for the climate).

## Article 7
### [MicrosoftE28099s Bing Chat AI is now open to everyone, with plug-ins coming soon (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MicrosoftE28099s Bing Chat AI is now open to everyone, with plug-ins coming soon (2 minute read)

Microsoft is adding features to Bing Chat AI such as image and video results, a new Bing and Edge Actions feature, persistent chat and history, and plug-in support.

## Article 8
### [Hugging Face and ServiceNow release a free code-generating model (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hugging Face and ServiceNow release a free code-generating model (7 minute read)

StarCoder is a free alternative to code-generating AI systems like GitHub's Copilot.

## Article 9
### [Even Amazon can't make sense of serverless or microservices (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Even Amazon can't make sense of serverless or microservices (3 minute read)

The Prime Video team dumped their serverless microservices architecture and replaced it with a monolith, resulting in 90% savings in their operating costs and a simpler system.

