# Articles TLDR  29-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Create magical content with the most powerful AI editor (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Create magical content with the most powerful AI editor (Sponsor)

AI content needs a human touch. Cohesive helps you create the best AI-powered content and perfect it with your creativity in its powerful editor.Write blog posts, articles, ad copy, product briefs, social media content, and much more E28093 Cohesive comes with 50+ templates that help you get started in no time.With a powerful & intuitive editor, you can effortlessly edit text, add images, and translate to ensure that each & every word is precisely crafted to perfection.End ChatGPT prompt struggles. Create, refine, edit, and publish seamlessly with Cohesive. Get started now

## Article 2
### [Google Partners with AI Startup Replit to Take on MicrosoftE28099s GitHub (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Partners with AI Startup Replit to Take on MicrosoftE28099s GitHub (2 minute read)

Google is teaming up with Replit to combine its AI language models with Replit's Ghostwriter software, which helps programmers write code. This collaboration aims to compete with Microsoft's GitHub Copilot, which uses OpenAI's language-generating AI. Ghostwriter will use Google's AI to improve code suggestions, program completion, and answering developer questions. Replit plans to enhance its software by offering end-to-end support for code writing, testing, deployment, app review, and collaboration. The partnership will also see Replit expand its use of Google's cloud services and distribution of its software.

## Article 3
### [OpenFlamingo (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenFlamingo (4 minute read)

Last year Deepmind published research on their Flamingo model which is a powerful multi-modal text and vision model. This model could answer questions about images while still being a powerful text model. Laion has now released a framework for training Flamingo models and a 9B parameter checkpoint trained on 5M samples of the Multimodal C4 dataset and 10M samples from LAION-2B image dataset. The model is not usable for commercial applications as it uses the 7B Llama checkpoint from Meta. It also doesnE28099t yet match DeepmindE28099s Flamingo on benchmark performance.

## Article 4
### [Perplexity AI series A (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Perplexity AI series A (1 minute read)

One of the startup leaders in AI enabled search has launched an iPhone app and raised additional funding. TheyE28099re aiming to be the leader in knowledge discovery. WeE28099ll see which of these services find differentiation, but the 2 million users in just a few months is impressive growth.

## Article 5
### [ChatGPT is the new MTurk (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT is the new MTurk (18 minute read)

NLP needs data, this data is usually labeled by crowdsourced workers on various platforms. It turns out, maybe unsurprisingly, that gpt-3.5-turbo is extremely good at following instructions for labeling and often outperforms human annotators on relevance, stance, topic, and other important measures. Even more importantly, it also costs much less (about 20x) than hiring human annotators.

## Article 6
### [EVA-CLIP: Improved Training Techniques for CLIP at Scale (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EVA-CLIP: Improved Training Techniques for CLIP at Scale (7 minute read)

The paper introduces EVA-CLIP, a set of models that significantly improve the efficiency and effectiveness of CLIP training. EVA-CLIP achieves superior performance compared to previous models with the same number of parameters but smaller training costs, and the complete suite is released for open research.

## Article 7
### [Unraveling Imagen: Zero-Shot Classification Showdown (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unraveling Imagen: Zero-Shot Classification Showdown (12 minute read)

Imagen, a text-to-image diffusion model, rivals CLIP in zero-shot classification, outperforming in shape/texture bias tests and suggesting generative pre-training as a valuable approach in vision-language tasks.

## Article 8
### [Anti-DreamBooth: Protecting users from personalized text-to-image synthesis (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Anti-DreamBooth: Protecting users from personalized text-to-image synthesis (GitHub Repo)

This paper discusses how text-to-image diffusion models, like DreamBooth, can generate realistic images from simple text inputs, but can also be misused to produce fake news or disturbing content targeting individuals. The paper proposes a defense system called Anti-DreamBooth that adds subtle noise perturbations to user images to disrupt the generation quality of any DreamBooth model trained on them, and evaluates its effectiveness against a wide range of algorithms on various text-to-image model versions.

## Article 9
### [Text2Video-Zero, A Zero-Shot Text-to-Video Generation (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Text2Video-Zero, A Zero-Shot Text-to-Video Generation (GitHub Repo)

This paper introduces a low-cost approach for zero-shot text-to-video generation by modifying existing text-to-image synthesis methods. The method enriches latent codes with motion dynamics and reprograms frame-level self-attention to preserve the context, appearance, and identity of the foreground object, resulting in high-quality and consistent video generation without additional video data. The approach is also applicable to other tasks such as conditional and content-specialized video generation and instruction-guided video editing.

## Article 10
### [AIx (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AIx (GitHub Repo)

AIx is a CLI tool to interact with LLM APIs.

## Article 11
### [Another LLM fine-tuning framework (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Another LLM fine-tuning framework (3 minute read)

Fine-tuning large language models on your own data gets easier every day, but it still is a somewhat challenging systems problem. xTuring is another approach to simplify the process for people interested in using some of the E2809CopenE2809D models on your custom data.

## Article 12
### [ChatGPT Gets a Computer (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT Gets a Computer (10 minute read)

In the article, the author discusses the development and capabilities of AI assistants like ChatGPT and Anthropic's Claude, and their differences from traditional deterministic computers. AI assistants, which are more human-like in their way of thinking and communicating, are evolving with the addition of plug-ins, such as Wolfram|Alpha, to provide more accurate and real-time information. The author acknowledges the potential benefits and risks of AI, emphasizing that the intentions of the humans who wield AI will ultimately determine the outcomes, and argues that we should push for positive outcomes where AI significantly improves life.

## Article 13
### [Roblox Is Incorporating Generative AI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Roblox Is Incorporating Generative AI (3 minute read)

This article explores the use of generative AI in the game creation platform Roblox and discusses how it could shape the future of game development and the metaverse.

## Article 14
### [Employees Are Feeding Sensitive Data To ChatGPT (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Employees Are Feeding Sensitive Data To ChatGPT (2 minute read)

Employees are now accidently putting sensitive corporate data into ChatGPT, raising concerns over the safety of proprietary information.

## Article 15
### [Generative AI Could Affect 300 Million Jobs (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative AI Could Affect 300 Million Jobs (1 minute read)

Goldman Sachs is reporting that generative AI could affect up to 300 million jobs.

