# Articles TLDR  30-01-2023

## Article 1
### [Obscure NFT Collection Based on Memes Fetches $83M Market Cap (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Obscure NFT Collection Based on Memes Fetches $83M Market Cap (5 minute read)

A CryptoPunk, which usually goes for a minimum of $100,000, was exchanged for a complete set of tokens from an unknown collection called The Memes on January 19. The Memes collection has seen a 19-fold increase in value in the NFT market over the past three months. Founded by Punk6529, the concept behind The Memes collection is that memes, which are transmittable units of culture, can be owned in the form of NFTs. It is uncertain if owning an NFT of The Memes collection actually gives ownership of the culture unit. The Memes has a unique token minting model, which involves continuously minting new tokens, that has been successful in attracting investors.

## Article 2
### [Most criminal cryptocurrency is funneled through just 5 exchanges (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Most criminal cryptocurrency is funneled through just 5 exchanges (7 minute read)

Governments have intensified their crackdowns on crypto money laundering and additional enforcement is expected. New evidence suggests that blockchain tracing and crackdowns on illicit activities have reduced the number of money laundering outlets, making it harder for the crypto black market to cash out its proceeds. Nearly 68 percent of black market cash-outs are handled by just five cryptocurrency exchanges. In 2022, over $6.3 billion of illicit funds were tracked to just 542 cryptocurrency addresses, with four addresses receiving $1.1 billion of those funds.

## Article 3
### [Solana Unveils App Store For Saga Phone (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Solana Unveils App Store For Saga Phone (1 minute read)

Solana Mobile has announced the launch of its native App store, which will be available exclusively on its Saga phone. The Solana store will be free and censorship-resistant. The Saga Phone will be powered by a modified version of Android with Google's mobile suite pre-installed. It will enable users to securely make peer-to-peer transactions using Solana Pay with the added security of a seed vault that runs in parallel with the Android-based operating system. The Saga will be available in 33 countries for $1,000.

## Article 4
### [Aave Protocol V3 is now live on the Ethereum market (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aave Protocol V3 is now live on the Ethereum market (2 minute read)

Aave Protocol V3 has been launched on the Ethereum market. The update unlocks new technical features and benefits, including High-Efficiency Mode, Isolation Mode, and Gas Optimization. High-Efficiency Mode enables users to increase their capital efficiency when supplying and borrowing correlated assets. Isolation Mode allows for increased asset listings while maintaining security. There are around 20-25% reduced gas costs associated with all functions across the board.

## Article 5
### [A primer on Uniswap v3 math: As easy as 1, 2, v3 (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A primer on Uniswap v3 math: As easy as 1, 2, v3 (7 minute read)

This article looks at the most common technical questions about Uniswap. It explains Q Notation, how to calculate the current exchange rate, and how tick and tick spacing relates to sqrtPrice. The article is aimed at helping developers, analysts, and researchers build, draw insights from, and study market activity on the Protocol.

## Article 6
### [Illegitimate bitcoin transactions (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Illegitimate bitcoin transactions (12 minute read)

The debate over the purpose of bitcoin transactions has been ongoing since its inception, with some arguing for its use as a financial tool and others advocating for its use as a secure data store. Ordinals is a new NFT protocol enabled by a design quirk of Taproot. This article examines the early debate around what is considered a "valid" Bitcoin transaction, the negotiated limits established with OP_RETURN, and how Taproot allowed Ordinals to circumvent these restrictions. It aims to provide an overview of this area of emerging controversy and put diverging points of view into historical context.

## Article 7
### [White House cryptocurrency E28098roadmapE28099 recommends against pension funds (2 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 White House cryptocurrency E28098roadmapE28099 recommends against pension funds (2 minute read)</strong>

The White House has issued a statement outlining the Biden administration's plan for managing the risks associated with cryptocurrencies. Its recommendations include expanding regulatorsE28099 powers, strengthening disclosure requirements, strengthening penalties for misconduct, and increasing funding for law enforcement. Executive agencies will increase enforcement and issue new guidance. Government agencies are creating public awareness programs to help consumers understand the potential risks of investing in cryptocurrencies.

## Article 8
### [OneCoin Founder Ruja Ignatova Resurfaces After Five Years In Hiding (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OneCoin Founder Ruja Ignatova Resurfaces After Five Years In Hiding (3 minute read)

Dr. Ruja Ignatova, the founder of OneCoin, has been connected to a property in London. She is listed as a beneficial owner of Abbots House Penthouse Limited, a Guernsey-based company that had purchased a multi-million dollar penthouse in Kensington, London. Ignatova has owned the penthouse through Abbots House Penthouse Limited since May 2016. She was reportedly forced to declare ownership of the company due to new regulations in the UK. Ignatova is one of Europe's most high-profile fugitives and is on the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted list.

## Article 9
### [Token design: Mental models, capabilities, and emerging design spaces (32 minute video)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Token design: Mental models, capabilities, and emerging design spaces (32 minute video)

This talk provides an overview of token capabilities and technological breakthroughs that have enabled new design spaces for protocol developers.

