# Articles TLDR  13-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Butter is a hosted headless CMS with a blazing fast API and marketing dashboard (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Butter is a hosted headless CMS with a blazing fast API and marketing dashboard (Sponsor)

Developers swamped with marketing website tasks? Butter gives marketing teams the CMS they've always dreamed of without creating a hassle for developers:Easy to use and implementInstant CMS backend + global content API that integrates with any tech stackSpend less time adding or maintaining webpages and get back to more important problemsHighest rated headless CMS. Used by Salesforce, Indeed, and HopinBuild better with Butter. Start your free trial

## Article 2
### [Meta delays setting team budgets as it plans fresh round of job cuts (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta delays setting team budgets as it plans fresh round of job cuts (3 minute read)

Meta is currently preparing for a fresh round of job cuts, causing delays in the finalization of multiple teams' budgets. This has led to complaints from staff that no work is being done as managers are unable to plan their workloads. Decisions that usually take days to sign off are now taking up to a month, even in priority areas such as the metaverse and advertising. Some managers are being asked to either move to individual contributor roles or leave the company.

## Article 3
### [E2809COpen SourceE2809D Seeds Loosen Big AgE28099s Grip on Farmers (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E2809COpen SourceE2809D Seeds Loosen Big AgE28099s Grip on Farmers (6 minute read)

The Open Source Seed Initiative (OSSI) is a project that makes crop seeds an open resource for everybody to share. The international seed trade is controlled by a few big giants who protect and patent their products. Most farmers are only renting the seeds they sow on their fields. The OSSI has partnered with 50 seed breeders to offer nearly 500 seed varieties in the US. Other open source seed organizations are growing in Europe, Argentina, and India.

## Article 4
### [Purego (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Purego (GitHub Repo)

Purego is a library for calling C functions from Go without Cgo. It uses code that originates from the Go runtime.

## Article 5
### [Which Back End Should I Use As A Front-End Developer? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Which Back End Should I Use As A Front-End Developer? (8 minute read)

This post provides an overview of databases for developers building applications using serverless and edge compute. It covers recent innovations in the database and backend space, including new tools, companies, and programming models that simplify how developers store data. The post focuses on transactional workloads, rather than analytical workloads. It explores services that work with JavaScript and TypeScript codebases and pair well with serverless and edge compute.

## Article 6
### [The Next Generation Of Large Language Models (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Next Generation Of Large Language Models (13 minute read)

Every venture capitalist, entrepreneur, Fortune 500 CEO, and journalist is talking about AI. The current state of AI is just the beginning and the frontiers of AI are advancing rapidly. This article looks at three emerging areas that will help define the next wave of innovation in Generative AI and Large Language Models. The emerging areas in Generative AI and LLM research are models that can generate their own training data to improve themselves, models that can fact-check themselves, and massive sparse expert models.

## Article 7
### [Google employees criticize CEO Sundar Pichai for E28098rushed, botchedE28099 announcement of GPT competitor Bard (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google employees criticize CEO Sundar Pichai for E28098rushed, botchedE28099 announcement of GPT competitor Bard (3 minute read)

Google employees criticized leadership, especially CEO Sundar Pichai, for the way the company handled the announcement of its ChatGPT competitor, Bard. Google got ahead of Microsoft's announcement by revealing Bard on Monday, with more information being revealed at a presentation on Wednesday. Employees were not satisfied with the presentation, as they expected more details, and one presenter even forgot to bring a phone for the demonstration. All of these issues led employees to feel that the announcement was 'botched' and 'un-Googley'.

## Article 8
### [Get a free .app or .dev domain to showcase your skills (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Get a free .app or .dev domain to showcase your skills (Sponsor)

Need a home for all the magnificent things you make? Porkbun is offering .app and .dev domains free for the first year. Get your free domain now

## Article 9
### [Reverse engineering an e-ink display (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Reverse engineering an e-ink display (13 minute read)

A look inside an e-ink display used in shops to indicate the price of items.

## Article 10
### [Who Becomes an Entrepreneur? (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Who Becomes an Entrepreneur? (13 minute read)

## Article 11
### [Microsoft to demo its new ChatGPT-like AI in Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook soon (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft to demo its new ChatGPT-like AI in Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook soon (3 minute read)

Microsoft is tentatively planning an announcement in March.

## Article 12
### [My Fifth Year as a Bootstrapped Founder (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 My Fifth Year as a Bootstrapped Founder (11 minute read)

Learnings about being a bootstrapped founder from an entrepreneur with five years of experience.

## Article 13
### [iPhone 15 USB-C port may have some features limited to Apple certified cables and accessories (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 iPhone 15 USB-C port may have some features limited to Apple certified cables and accessories (2 minute read)

Apple has developed a Lightning-compatible integrated circuit board that could limit how the USB-C port interacts with what is plugged into it.

## Article 14
### [RoundingWell - DevOps Engineer (Fully Remote, $80,000 - $150,000)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RoundingWell - DevOps Engineer (Fully Remote, $80,000 - $150,000)

RoundingWell is hiring a DevOps Engineer to design, implement, and maintain infrastructure, tools, and pipelines for workflow orchestration software that powers population health programs for care management teams.

