# Articles TLDR  10-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Turning a foundation model into a chat assistants (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Turning a foundation model into a chat assistants (12 minute read)

Star coder is an excellent new model from the big code project that can write 86 different programming languages. This post explores how to prompt the model to participate in conversations, how to use chat markup language, and even how to tune these models. Lots of interesting tidbits here for groups interested in taking an open source model and fine tuning it for their own chat-based use cases.

## Article 2
### [ClaudeE28099s Constitution (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ClaudeE28099s Constitution (15 minute read)

Anthropic trained their language model Claude with a Constitutional AI approach, giving the language model explicit values determined by a set of constitutional principles drawn from a range of sources including the UN declaration of human rights, instead of implicit values determined by RLHF inputs.

## Article 3
### [Meta Open-Sources Multisensory AI Model (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta Open-Sources Multisensory AI Model (4 minute read)

Meta has announced a new open-source AI model that links together multiple streams of data, including text, audio, visual data, temperature, and movement readings.

## Article 4
### [One embedding space to rule them all (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 One embedding space to rule them all (15 minute read)

Embeddings in AI are representations of data that a computer can operate on. For example, the clip model from OpenAI generates embeddings for text and image. Meaning that you can get one embedding for an image and its description. This work takes that to the next level and generates embeddings for many different modalities which enables multimodal learning. Specifically, their technique learns embeddings across images, text, audio, depth, thermal, and IMU data.

## Article 5
### [Language models can explain neurons in other language models (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Language models can explain neurons in other language models (12 minute read)

Neurons in a neural network E2809CactivateE2809D based on different tasks. Sometimes they are used to detect edges in images or letters in words. However, theyE28099re often extremely hard to interpret. It turns out we can use a large language model to find interesting explanations for neurons. For example, they found that in the network when the word Dollar is predicted, neurons related to currency, buck, and America activate. The procedure is fairly expensive and requires extremely proficient large models, but is an exciting path towards finding explainable circuits in neural networks.

## Article 6
### [InternChat: A New Visual Framework for Enhanced Interaction with Chatbots (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 InternChat: A New Visual Framework for Enhanced Interaction with Chatbots (11 minute read)

This research introduces InternChat (iChat), a tool that combines powerful chatbots like ChatGPT with non-verbal cues like pointing movements, allowing users to directly manipulate images or videos. By adding gestures to language, iChat makes communication with chatbots more efficient and accurate, especially for tasks involving complex visual scenarios, making it a promising development for future interactive systems.

## Article 7
### [Enhancing Language Models with Federated Instruction Tuning (24 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Enhancing Language Models with Federated Instruction Tuning (24 minute read)

The study introduces a new method, Federated Instruction Tuning (FedIT), to train powerful language models like ChatGPT and GPT-4, by learning from many different devices' data without violating privacy. This makes the models better at understanding and responding naturally in diverse situations, and the researchers have also created a tool, 'Shepherd', to help others use this approach easily.

## Article 8
### [FrugalGPT: Cost-Effective Approaches for Utilizing LLMs (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FrugalGPT: Cost-Effective Approaches for Utilizing LLMs (8 minute read)

This study examines the high costs associated with using popular language model APIs like GPT-4, ChatGPT, and J1-Jumbo, and suggests three strategies for reducing these costs: prompt adaptation, LLM approximation, and LLM cascade. The research introduces FrugalGPT, an efficient application of the LLM cascade strategy that can match the performance of top language models at a fraction of the cost or even improve their accuracy.

## Article 9
### [SUR-adapter: An Upgrade for Text-to-Image Models (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SUR-adapter: An Upgrade for Text-to-Image Models (14 minute read)

This study introduces a new way, called SUR-adapter, to help computer programs called diffusion models turn simple descriptions into detailed images. By teaching these models to understand stories better and using a new dataset of over 57,000 samples, the researchers made the models better at creating high-quality images from simple descriptions, making them easier and more fun to use.

## Article 10
### [MicrosoftE28099s Copilot Is Getting More Features (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MicrosoftE28099s Copilot Is Getting More Features (2 minute read)

Microsoft is expanding preview access to its Microsoft 365 Copilot, a digital assistant based on OpenAIE28099s GPT-4 that brings AI-powered capabilities across Microsoft 365 apps and services. The tech giant has also announced a new indexing tool that lets Copilot more accurately report on internal company data, alongside some new Copilot features for apps like Microsoft Whiteboard, Outlook, and PowerPoint.

## Article 11
### [IBM Unveils Watsonx AI Platform (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 IBM Unveils Watsonx AI Platform (2 minute read)

IBM on Tuesday launched Watsonx, a new artificial intelligence and data platform to help companies integrate AI in their business.

## Article 12
### [WendyE28099s Tests An AI Chatbot That Takes Your Drive-Thru Order (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WendyE28099s Tests An AI Chatbot That Takes Your Drive-Thru Order (2 minute read)

WendyE28099s is partnering with Google to create an AI chatbot that can take orders at its drive-thrus. The fast-food chain has plans to bring its first E2809CWendyE28099s FreshAIE2809D enabled drive-thru to a Columbus, Ohio, restaurant in June.

## Article 13
### [Spotify Has Purged Tens Of Thousands Of AI-Generated Song (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Spotify Has Purged Tens Of Thousands Of AI-Generated Song (2 minute read)

Spotify has reportedly pulled tens of thousands of tracks from generative AI company Boomy. It's said to have removed seven percent of the songs created by the startup's systems, which underscores the swift proliferation of AI-generated content on music streaming platforms.</span>

## Article 14
### [Feathery AI (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Feathery AI (Product)

Feathery's AI form assistant lets you create high-quality forms in just a few seconds. Polish the final experience in our powerful editor.

