# Articles TLDR  01-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Snapchat releases AI chatbot powered by ChatGPT (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Snapchat releases AI chatbot powered by ChatGPT (3 minute read)

Snapchat is introducing a chatbot powered by the latest version of OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT. According to Snap CEO Evan Spiegel, itE28099s a bet that AI chatbots will increasingly become a part of everyday life for more people. Named E2809CMy AI,E2809D SnapchatE28099s bot will be pinned to the appE28099s chat tab above conversations with friends. While initially only available for $3.99 a month Snapchat Plus subscribers, the goal is to eventually make the bot available to all of SnapchatE28099s 750 million monthly users.

## Article 2
### [RealFusion: 360C2B0 Reconstruction of Any Object from a Single Image (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RealFusion: 360C2B0 Reconstruction of Any Object from a Single Image (15 minute read)

The paper describes a method for reconstructing a full 360E297A6 photographic model of an object using a single image of it. The approach involves fitting a neural radiance field to the image, but the problem is found to be severely ill-posed. To address this, an off-the-shelf conditional image generator based on diffusion is used, and a prompt is engineered to encourage it to "dream up" novel views of the object. The DreamFusion method is used to fuse the given input view, the conditional prior, and other regularizers in a final, consistent reconstruction.

## Article 3
### [Language is not all you need (23 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Language is not all you need (23 minute read)

MLLM is a multimodal transformer trained on internet scale text/image data.  It uses a frozen CLIP image encoder and a Magneto decoder only transformer. It has 1.3B parameters and was trained for 360B tokens. It was trained with TorchScale, a new exciting framework, and finished off with language only instruction tuning. It got 26% on an IQ test, which is better than random chance. It has 73% zeroshot ImageNet classification and positive transfer between modalities. It has a 64k vocab size and no code yet but should be coming soon.

## Article 4
### [OpenAIE28099s Whisper Large on an iPhone (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAIE28099s Whisper Large on an iPhone (GitHub Repo)

Georgi has been working on Whisper.cpp which dramatically speeds up the runtime of OpenAIE28099s state of the art speech to text model. He has included a WASM version for the web. This latest model uses 4-bit integer quantization. Interestingly, this type of quantization only seems to work on larger models and fails on smaller models.

## Article 5
### [CACTI: A Framework for Imitation Learning (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CACTI: A Framework for Imitation Learning (Github Repo)

The authors propose a framework for scaling robot learning in multi-task and multi-scene manipulation in kitchen environments, both in simulation and in the real world. The proposed framework, called CACTI, comprises four stages that handle data collection, data augmentation, visual representation learning, and imitation policy training. The approach uses state-of-the-art generative models for data augmentation and pre-trained visual representations to improve training efficiency. Experimental results show that CACTI enables efficient training of a single policy that can perform 10 manipulation tasks involving kitchen objects on a real robot setup, and 18 semantic tasks across 100 layout variations for each individual task in a simulated kitchen environment.

## Article 6
### [Scene Diffuser (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scene Diffuser (GitHub Repo)

Scene Diffuser is a conditional generative model for 3D scene understanding. This repository is the official implementation of paper "Diffusion-based Generation, Optimization, and Planning in 3D Scenes". SceneDiffuser provides a unified model for solving scene-conditioned generation, optimization, and planning. In contrast to prior work, SceneDiffuser is intrinsically scene-aware, physics-based, and goal-oriented.</span>

## Article 7
### [T3-Turbo-AI (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 T3-Turbo-AI (GitHub Repo)

T3-Turbo-AI is a starter repo for building full-stack, type-safe, LLM-powered web apps.

## Article 8
### [Latent Blending between synthetic images (HuggingFace Space)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Latent Blending between synthetic images (HuggingFace Space)</a>
Latent Blending is a clever usage of Stable DiffusionE28099s latent space structure. By generating two images you can blend between them in latent space and produce a lovely animation. This process cannot yet be used for character animation, but the building blocks are there.

## Article 9
### [ByteDance Developing AI-Based Learning Platform (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ByteDance Developing AI-Based Learning Platform (3 minute read)

TikTok parent ByteDance is building an AI-based learning platform called GeniusJoy.

## Article 10
### [Jailbreak Chat (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jailbreak Chat (Product Launch)

This is a website that contains all of ChatGPTE28099s known jailbreaks.

