# Articles TLDR  26-05-2023

## Article 1
### [OpenAI CEO Raises $115M for Crypto Company that Scans PeopleE28099s Eyeballs (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI CEO Raises $115M for Crypto Company that Scans PeopleE28099s Eyeballs (7 minute read)

Worldcoin, Sam AltmanE28099s crypto startup, is making waves again with $115 million in Series C funding led by Blockchain Capital, Andreessen Horowitz's crypto fund, Bain Capital Crypto, and Distributed Global. The company uses an 'Orb' device to scan users' irises to verify unique identities, which then allows users to earn Worldcoin tokens and potentially some BTC and ETH. In addition to the Orb, the company also has the World App, a mobile wallet that can be used whether or not someone has verified via the Orb scanner. Critics have raised privacy and security concerns, but Worldcoin insists that the only data leaving the Orb is an iris code to validate uniqueness and no personal data is sold.

## Article 2
### [Cicada: Private On-Chain Voting Using Time-Lock Puzzles (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cicada: Private On-Chain Voting Using Time-Lock Puzzles (GitHub Repo)

Cicada is a new, open-source Solidity library designed for private on-chain voting on  Ethereum. This system leverages time-lock puzzles and zk proofs to maintain voting privacy. Current on-chain voting systems are vulnerable to manipulation due to lack of privacy, but Cicada aims to mitigate this risk by offering running tally privacy, ensuring vote counts remain confidential until the voting period concludes. The tool also provides a framework that can be combined with anonymous voter eligibility protocols to enhance ballot privacy.

## Article 3
### [Trying to Qualify for a Gravita Airdrop (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Trying to Qualify for a Gravita Airdrop (4 minute read)

Gravita, a fork of the Liquity protocol, has introduced a new stablecoin, leading to speculation about a future airdrop. To maximize your potential airdrop eligibility, you can follow these steps: mint Gravita's Debt Tokens, contribute to the protocol's stability pool, and provide liquidity for GRAI on Uniswap. As a little background on the protocol, Gravita is seeking to overcome limitations of Liquity, accepting bLUSD and LSDs as collateral.

## Article 4
### [The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Autonomous World (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Autonomous World (10 minute read)

This thread explains the concept of "The Autonomous World" and explores the creation of decentralized on-chain games, where rules and game states are built and managed on-chain. Advantages of these types of games include enhanced composability, asset ownership verification, and player-influenced development. However, some challenges persist, such as a lack of frameworks and scalability concerns. The goal of most of the on-chain game development going on right now is to push the boundaries of what is possible, experimenting with novel technologies like sharded rollups, zk proofs, and more.

## Article 5
### [Arrington-Led Group Wins Rights to Manage Celsius Assets (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Arrington-Led Group Wins Rights to Manage Celsius Assets (2 minute read)

Celsius, the now defunct crypto lending platform, is set to relaunch under new management after Fahrenheit LLC, led by investment firm Arrington Capital, who won the bid to manage Celsius's assets. The Fahrenheit consortium will provide resources to revive the company, which will be owned by Celsius's creditors, and in return, the Fahrenheit team will earn an annual $35 million management fee.

## Article 6
### [Multichain Exposure After E28098Force MajeureE28099 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multichain Exposure After E28098Force MajeureE28099 (2 minute read)

Yesterday, rumors were swirling about strange activity from Mutichain after a E28098Force MajeureE28099. This prompted traders to assess what kind of exposure different protocols had, and Fantom stuck out with $650m of its TVL and $458m of its stablecoin ecosystem exposed.

## Article 7
### [Ripple president explains why the company acquired a stake in crypto exchange Bitstamp (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ripple president explains why the company acquired a stake in crypto exchange Bitstamp (2 minute read)

Ripple recently acquired an undisclosed stake in Bitstamp with a stated goal of expanding its global presence and diversifying beyond payments. This news comes, however, as Ripple continues to face a legal dispute with the SEC.

## Article 8
### [Digital Currency Group Closes TradeBlock Institutional Trading Platform (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Digital Currency Group Closes TradeBlock Institutional Trading Platform (2 minute read)

DCG, already dealing with its bankrupt lending business, is now shutting down its TradeBlock subsidiary, which offers services to institutional investors. DCG acquired TradeBlock in 2020 but is now citing economic and regulatory concerns for the shutdown.

