# Articles TLDR  12-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Anthropic scales to 100k context tokens (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Anthropic scales to 100k context tokens (2 minute read)

Following the trend, AnthropicE28099s Claude model can now operate over a dramatically longer context. This means your org can put full documents into the model and the language model will operate on them. They give an example of feeding 240 pages of coding docs into Claude and having it answer coding questions. The technical details of this change are not shared.

## Article 2
### [Stability AI text to animation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stability AI text to animation (2 minute read)

SDK released to allow users to create animations using stable diffusion models. You can generate these animations unconditionally, conditioned in an image, or conditioned on a video. The results are lovely, are somewhat computationally expensive, and have a very distinctive style.

## Article 3
### [Bard Updates (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bard Updates (5 minute read)

Google's Bard, a collaborative tool powered by generative AI, is set to become even more versatile. Since its launch, Bard has been enhanced with the PaLM 2 large language model, improving its math and coding skills. Now, Google is making Bard available in over 180 countries and in Japanese and Korean, with 40 languages expected soon. The platform will soon support more visual responses, including image prompts, and incorporate Google Lens capabilities. Developers can also look forward to precise source citations, a dark theme, an "export" button, and more integration with Google's apps and services, as well as third-party platforms like Adobe Firefly.

## Article 4
### [Creating Better Video Content Using AI and Sketches (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Creating Better Video Content Using AI and Sketches (5 minute read)

This paper describes a new way to make video content using artificial intelligence (AI), based on sketches and text. The method, which combines two technologies called Text-to-Video Zero and ControlNet, can create high-quality, consistent videos that closely match what the user intended, as demonstrated by various experiments.

## Article 5
### [Diffusion-based 3D Facial Reconstruction from a Single Image (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Diffusion-based 3D Facial Reconstruction from a Single Image (12 minute read)

This paper introduces a method that uses diffusion models, which have been successful in creating images, to reconstruct 3D facial features from just one image. The process involves using a dataset of facial textures, simulating various lighting conditions, and then using the diffusion model to fill in missing parts of the texture and unknown reflective properties, resulting in a more accurate and consistent 3D face.

## Article 6
### [An In-Depth Look at Text-to-3D: The New Frontier in Generative AI (28 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An In-Depth Look at Text-to-3D: The New Frontier in Generative AI (28 minute read)

This paper is a comprehensive survey of the emerging field of text-to-3D, a part of generative AI that turns written descriptions into 3D models. It introduces different types of 3D data, foundational technologies, and how they're combined in recent works, as well as how text-to-3D is used in various applications like creating avatars and generating scenes.

## Article 7
### [HuggingFace Chat UI (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 HuggingFace Chat UI (GitHub Repo)

HuggingFace has open sourced the codebase powering the HuggingChat app, a competitor to ChatGPT.

## Article 8
### [VideoChat: A New System for Understanding Videos Better (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 VideoChat: A New System for Understanding Videos Better (GitHub Repo)

This repo introduces VideoChat, a system that makes sense of videos by combining artificial intelligence techniques for understanding videos and language. The researchers also created a large set of videos with detailed descriptions and conversations to help train the system to be better at understanding the sequence of events and cause-effect relationships in videos.

## Article 9
### [EVA (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EVA (GitHub Repo)

EVA is designed for supporting database applications that operate on both structured (tables, feature vectors) and unstructured data (videos, podcasts, PDFs, etc.) using deep learning models.

## Article 10
### [EU Considering Tougher AI Rules (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EU Considering Tougher AI Rules (2 minute read)

European lawmakers came a step closer to passing new rules regulating artificial intelligence tools such as ChatGPT, following a crunch vote on Thursday. The European Union's highly anticipated AI Act is set to be the first comprehensive legislation governing the technology, with new rules around the use of facial recognition, biometric surveillance, and other AI applications.

## Article 11
### [Will AI Become The New McKinsey? (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Will AI Become The New McKinsey? (11 minute read)

In this article, Ted Chong dives into the question of AIE28099s future in the economy, specifically its potential negative impacts on the workforce.

## Article 12
### [AI-powered VC firm Vela emerges from stealth with $25M under management (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI-powered VC firm Vela emerges from stealth with $25M under management (5 minute read)

Former Google senior program manager, YiC49Fit Ihlamur, founded Vela Partners, an AI-powered, product-led VC firm aiming to accelerate innovation. Vela's approach blends AI and expert heuristics to identify trends, source opportunities, and detect threats to its investments. Despite issues of bias in AI, which have been flagged as potential problems in the VC space, Ihlamur maintains that understanding underlying behaviors in the venture market is key. The firm differentiates itself with a "game-like" terminal to aid entrepreneurs and partners, and a public GitHub repo housing its algorithmic models.

## Article 13
### [Meta Announces Generative AI For Advertisers (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta Announces Generative AI For Advertisers (1 minute read)

Meta today announced an AI Sandbox for advertisers to help them create alternative copies, background generation through text prompts and image cropping for Facebook or Instagram ads.

## Article 14
### [Microsoft Exec Says E2809CMeaningful HarmE2809D From AI Needed Before Regulation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Exec Says E2809CMeaningful HarmE2809D From AI Needed Before Regulation (2 minute read)

As lawmakers worldwide attempt to understand how to regulate rapidly advancing AI technologies, Microsoft chief economist Michael Schwarz told attendees of the World Economic Forum Growth Summit today that "we shouldn't regulate AI until we see some meaningful harm that is actually happening, not imaginary scenarios."

## Article 15
### [Flowise (GitHub Repo)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Flowise (GitHub Repo)</strong>

Drag & drop UI to build your customized LLM flow using LangchainJS.

