# Articles TLDR  25-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Is your career safe from AI disruption? (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is your career safe from AI disruption? (Sponsor)

AI is transforming the jobs market. Engineers who can build, maintain, and fine-tune AI systems are in exceptionally high demand. Companies like OpenAI, Hugging Face, Google, & Amazon are hiring aggressively and offering top compensation, in many cases <strong>upwards of $300,000-$500,000.DonE28099t get left behind. Make the switch today to an exciting ML career with Interview Kickstart. Learn live from FAANG+ AI/ML engineersCapstone project for hands-on experienceUp to 15 mock interviews with FAANG+ AI/ML engineersIndividual coaching and 1:1 helpThe results speak for themselves: Alumni who consistently bag > $300K job offers. Highest compensation received: $1.28 million. This could be you!Register for the free webinar to learn more

## Article 2
### [Elon Wants To Challenge Google And Microsoft (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Elon Wants To Challenge Google And Microsoft (3 minute read)

Elon Musk said he sees the need for an artificial-intelligence business to rival Google and Microsoft that could involve different parts of his corporate empire, including Twitter.

## Article 3
### [Meta Releases Megabyte (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta Releases Megabyte (2 minute read)

Meta AI has proposed a new AI model architecture called Megabyte which can generate more than 1 million tokens across multiple formats. Megabyte addresses scalability issues in current models and performs calculations in parallel, boosting efficiency and outperforming Transformers.

## Article 4
### [Snowflake acquires Neeva to bring intelligent search to its cloud data management solution (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Snowflake acquires Neeva to bring intelligent search to its cloud data management solution (5 minute read)

Cloud data management company, Snowflake, has acquired Neeva, a startup focused on AI-powered search. The terms of the deal have not been disclosed. Founded by ex-Google employees, Neeva had originally worked on both consumer and enterprise search tools, but recently pivoted exclusively towards enterprise solutions. With Neeva's generative AI search expertise, Snowflake plans to enhance its data discovery capabilities, making search more intelligent and interactive at scale.

## Article 5
### [QLoRA 65B parameter models fine-tuned on 48GB GPU (32 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 QLoRA 65B parameter models fine-tuned on 48GB GPU (32 minute read)

LoRA is a way to fine-tune models much more cheaply than full fine-tuning. It works by just updating a small, carefully selected, subset of the model. However, even then it is often too expensive to fine-tune large (more than 13B parameter) models on commodity hardware. Quantization reduces the precision of parameters in the model which in turn takes less space. More great open source progress.

## Article 6
### [SEAHORSE: A Tool for Evaluating Multilingual Summarization Systems (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEAHORSE: A Tool for Evaluating Multilingual Summarization Systems (9 minute read)

SEAHORSE is a dataset created to assess the quality of summarization systems in multiple languages. It contains 96,000 summaries that have been rated by humans based on six important aspects: clarity, repetition, grammar, attribution, main ideas, and conciseness. This dataset not only serves as a benchmark for evaluating the performance of automated metrics but also provides a valuable resource for training such metrics, helping researchers advance the field of multilingual summarization evaluation.

## Article 7
### [Meta-in-Context Learning: Recursive Improvement of Large Language Models (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta-in-Context Learning: Recursive Improvement of Large Language Models (12 minute read)

This paper introduces meta-in-context learning, a recursive self-improvement process for large language models. By studying regression and decision-making tasks, the researchers demonstrate that meta-in-context learning enhances the models' in-context learning abilities, modifies their strategies, and achieves competitive performance on real-world problems. This work sheds light on improving language models without relying solely on traditional fine-tuning approaches.

## Article 8
### [ControlVideo: Text-to-Video Generation with Improved Consistency and Quality (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ControlVideo: Text-to-Video Generation with Improved Consistency and Quality (GitHub Repo)

ControlVideo is a novel framework that addresses the limitations of generating videos from text by introducing a training-free approach. By leveraging structural consistency, enhancing appearance coherence, mitigating flicker effects, and employing hierarchical sampling, ControlVideo outperforms existing methods in generating high-quality videos that are both short and long. Importantly, ControlVideo achieves these results efficiently, generating videos within minutes using a single NVIDIA 2080Ti GPU.

## Article 9
### [ChainForge (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChainForge (GitHub Repo)

An open-source visual programming environment for battle-testing prompts to LLMs.

## Article 10
### [LoopGPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LoopGPT (GitHub Repo)

LoopGPT is a re-implementation of the popular Auto-GPT project as a proper python package, written with modularity and extensibility in mind.

## Article 11
### [AmazonE28099s AI Seen As Incomplete (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AmazonE28099s AI Seen As Incomplete (4 minute read)

AmazonE28099s cloud customers are clamoring to get their hands on the ChatGPT-style technology the company unveiled six weeks ago. But instead of being allowed to test it, many are being told to sit tight, prompting concerns the artificial intelligence tool isnE28099t fully baked.

## Article 12
### [Neural Networks Learn Languages Similarly To Humans (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Neural Networks Learn Languages Similarly To Humans (8 minute read)

The article discusses a study that compared the brain waves of humans listening to a simple sound to the signal produced by a neural network analyzing the same sound. The results were uncannily alike, suggesting that natural and artificial networks learn in similar ways, at least when it comes to language

## Article 13
### [The Dire Defect Of AI Content Moderation (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Dire Defect Of AI Content Moderation (7 minute read)

The article discusses the challenges of using artificial intelligence to moderate content across multiple languages. It argues that current AI systems are not able to accurately detect harmful content in all languages, and that this can have serious consequences. It finishes by calling for more research into how to improve the accuracy of AI content moderation systems, and for more transparency from social media companies about how they are using AI to moderate content.

## Article 14
### [Adobe Adds AI To Photoshop (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Adobe Adds AI To Photoshop (2 minute read)

Adobe said Tuesday morning it would integrate generative artificial intelligence into its popular Photoshop editing software, making the application more accessible to untrained users.

## Article 15
### [Google introduces Product Studio, a tool that lets merchants create product imagery using generative AI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google introduces Product Studio, a tool that lets merchants create product imagery using generative AI (3 minute read)

Google has launched Product Studio, an AI tool for creating product imagery within its Merchant Center Next platform. This development simplifies product listing by auto-populating data from merchants' websites. The global rollout of Merchant Center Next, unifying online and in-store inventory management, is planned for 2024.

## Article 16
### [Character AI (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Character AI (Product Launch)

Meet AIs that feel alive. Chat with anyone, anywhere, anytime, and experience the magic of an AI that hears you, understands you, and remembers you. You can create your own Characters! Powered by our own tech based on large language models.

