# Articles TLDR  01-09-2023

## Article 1
### [A guide to migrating from Webpack to Vite (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A guide to migrating from Webpack to Vite (6 minute read)

Vite can offer much faster build times and hot reloading times during development compared to Webpack. Since Vite offers a better developer experience, itE28099s worth it to make the move from Webpack to Vite. However, itE28099s important to consider that Webpack is a more mature tool while Vite is still growing. So, while many Webpack plugins have Vite equivalents, it might be worth waiting for Vite to stabilize more before migrating.

## Article 2
### [How GitHub reduces costs with upgraded Codespaces (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How GitHub reduces costs with upgraded Codespaces (4 minute read)

GitHub used Codespaces to build not only Codespaces, but the entire platform. Since rolling out Codespaces internally with upgraded hardware, its internal developer experience has improved significantly. GitHub found 50% savings after fully rolling out Codespaces, and it believes other companies can do the same as a result.

## Article 3
### [Building Performant RAG Applications for Production (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building Performant RAG Applications for Production (4 minute read)

Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) means fetching up-to-date or context-specific data from an external database and making it available to an LLM when asking it to generate a response. Prototyping a RAG application might be straightforward, but ensuring its performance, robustness, and scalability for a vast knowledge corpus can be challenging. This guide offers various techniques to enhance the performance of your RAG pipeline. The primary objective is to optimize the retrieval and generation performance to answer more complex queries over extensive datasets accurately and without hallucinations.

## Article 4
### [Measuring developer productivity? A response to McKinsey, Part 2 (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Measuring developer productivity? A response to McKinsey, Part 2 (16 minute read)

This is the second and final part of the response from Gergely Orosz (creator of Pragmatic Engineer) and Kent Beck (creator of JUnit and Test-Driven Development) to the McKinsey article E2809CYes, you can measure software developer productivity.E2809D It details several problems with the McKinsey article, such as the danger of only measuring outcomes and impact. Furthermore, in developer organizations, team and individual performance should be measured differently since the variation can be high. It finally concludes with tips on how to properly measure developer productivity and how engineering leaders can decide how much to invest in engineering.

## Article 5
### [Understanding Developer Burnout: Causes, Impact, and Solutions (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Understanding Developer Burnout: Causes, Impact, and Solutions (12 minute read)

This is a guide to understanding developer burnout thoroughly. It not only talks about how to prevent burnout, but also provides tips to recognize it before it happens. Additionally, it also explains why burnout happens so often with developers and provides the resources available to developers.

## Article 6
### [If you want to address tech debt, quantify it first (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 If you want to address tech debt, quantify it first (8 minute read)

To convince teams to focus on tech debt, itE28099s important to be able to quantify the real financial impact of tech debt. A survey from 2018 by Stripe shows that the average developer spent 13.5 hours on tech debt and almost another four hours on E2809Cbad codeE2809D per week. There are also quantitative measures of code quality such as DORA metrics and cyclomatic complexity - which have an absolute connection with developer productivity. Tech debt can also affect new developer onboarding - 20% of developers leave within 45 days of starting a new job, which can often be attributed to a not-so-smooth onboarding experience due to a lack of documentation.

## Article 7
### [PartyKit (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PartyKit (Website)

PartyKit is an open source deployment platform for Al agents, multiplayer, and local-first apps, games, and websites.</span>

## Article 8
### [Dnum (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dnum (GitHub Repo)

Dnum provides a small set of utilities to manipulate large numbers represented as a pair composed of a value (stored as a BigInt) and corresponding decimals. This structure makes it possible to handle large decimal numbers in an easy manner, without any loss of precision, and using an open structure that preserves flexibility.

## Article 9
### [Why Rust is the most admired language among developers (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why Rust is the most admired language among developers (10 minute read)

Rust continues to top the charts as the most admired and desired language by developers. This post dives a little deeper into how (and why) Rust is stealing the hearts of developers around the world.</span>

## Article 10
### [Yes, you can measure software developer productivity (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Yes, you can measure software developer productivity (11 minute read)

Compared with other critical business functions, software development is perennially under-measured. The long-held belief by many in tech is that itE28099s not possible to measure it accurately. However, this article discusses an approach to measuring software developer productivity that builds off of existing productivity metrics with an added focus on revealing opportunities for performance improvements.

## Article 11
### [AI Operated Technology (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Operated Technology (13 minute read)

This article delves into the transformative potential of AI in reshaping the technological landscape. AI is transitioning from being a concept of science fiction to a tangible force that is revolutionizing various sectors. The article emphasizes that AI's true potential is not to replace humans but to amplify human capabilities, freeing us from mundane tasks and paving the way for heightened creativity and innovation.

## Article 12
### [The 11 Types Of Toxic Pull Requests (According To 4.5 Million Code Branches) (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The 11 Types Of Toxic Pull Requests (According To 4.5 Million Code Branches) (12 minute read)

Following their analysis of 4.5 million code branches, LinearBE28099s researchers found the pull requests causing 90%+ of engineering bottlenecks to fall within 11 categories.

## Article 13
### [How I moved from React to Svelte (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How I moved from React to Svelte (10 minute read)

A quick guide to the advantages of Svelte over React, with explainers on how Svelte differs on core web concepts like event handling, lifecycle, and state management.

