# Articles TLDR  29-08-2023

## Article 1
### [Have your tried the all-new Kraken Pro yet? (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Have your tried the all-new Kraken Pro yet? (Sponsor)

The newest edition of Kraken Pro is packed with all the trading features you need to trade your way. Like advanced order management and analytics tools E28094 all in a redesigned, fully-customizable trading interface. ItE28099s one of the most powerful and popular trading platforms out there:E29C94EFB88F 10M+ clients
E29C94EFB88F 207B+ trading volume (2022)
E29C94EFB88F 24/7 client support provided in 13 languages
So go on, head to Kraken and trade like a pro.
Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains tax. View Kraken's legal disclosures at: kraken.com/legal/disclosures


## Article 2
### [Binance Leaving Russian Market is E28098On the TableE28099 (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance Leaving Russian Market is E28098On the TableE28099 (1 minute read)

Binance is reportedly mulling over a complete exit from Russia in the wake of some missteps itE28099s allegedly taken in the country. The exchange previously severed connections with certain sanctioned Russian financial institutions and imposed fiat currency restrictions on its Russian users. The move follows increasing scrutiny of Binance's activities in various countries, including an ongoing investigation in the US regarding possible violations of sanctions after Russia's Ukraine invasion.

## Article 3
### [SEC Takes First Action Against an NFT Project as an Unregistered Security (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC Takes First Action Against an NFT Project as an Unregistered Security (3 minute read)

The SEC issued its first enforcement action related to NFTs. The action alleged that the issuers, Impact Theory, treated their NFTs as unlicensed securities. The company accepted a cease-and-desist order, consented to pay $6.1 million in penalties, and agreed to dismantle its NFT business. Critics question whether this action means that the SEC classifies NFTs as securities offerings.

## Article 4
### [TribesKit: Chat for your DApp (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>TribesKit: Chat for your DApp (3 minute read)

## Article 5
### [Velodrome to Launch New DEX on Coinbase's Base Network (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Velodrome to Launch New DEX on Coinbase's Base Network (2 minute read)

Velodrome, a leading DEX on OP Mainnet, is launching Aerodrome, a new DEX on Coinbase's L2, Base. Aerodrome has been much-anticipated and will likely become the biggest DEX on Base. Velodrome will incentivize users with an airdrop of its native Aero token in exchange for locking Velodrome tokens, contributing 40% of the initial Aero token supply to veVELO holders during launch.

## Article 6
### [A dApp DeveloperE28099s Guide To Appchains (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A dApp DeveloperE28099s Guide To Appchains (8 minute read)

Rollups on Ethereum have been launching seemingly every week with great promises of drastically reduced transaction fees and increased speed. This is great as itE28099s giving developers more choice. However, itE28099s difficult to decide what rollup to build on. Understanding the full range of rollup economics and considering rollup frameworks are vital steps for developers considering this route. This guide aims to help developers navigate this complicated topic so they can choose the rollup that is right for them.

## Article 7
### [Blobspace 101 (28 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Blobspace 101 (28 minute read)

Proto-danksharding, or EIP-4844, is coming to Ethereum soon to address scalability issues. It introduces a concept called blobspace, which can reduce transaction costs by simplifying the data commitment process. Blobspace helps to verify that all transaction information is available for block validation without every node needing to download all data, making the process more efficient. This upgrade will particularly benefit L2 solutions like rollups.

## Article 8
### [Noncustodial Finance is Crypto's Way Across the Chasm (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Noncustodial Finance is Crypto's Way Across the Chasm (30 minute read)

This article explores the growing phenomenon of Noncustodial Finance (NoFi) apps, which use blockchain tech to create consumer-facing financial applications. With the help of advancements such as stablecoins, scaling solutions, wallet innovations, and macro trends, NoFi presents a unique potential for crypto mass-market adoption. Offering reduced costs, interoperability, and compliance ease, NoFi offers a unique alternative to traditional apps.

## Article 9
### [On the Impossibility of Stateless Blockchains (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 On the Impossibility of Stateless Blockchains (12 minute read)

This article from a16z claims stateless blockchains, which could ease storage burdens for validators and enhance decentralization, will remain impractical without additional measures to manage the 'state'. Current stateless blockchain models, despite considerable research, place unwieldy burdens on users and fail to solve storage issues. This research underscores the necessity for innovative approaches to manage blockchain state as the technology continues to scale.

## Article 10
### [Shibarium Team Reopens Bridge Withdrawals on Mainnet (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Shibarium Team Reopens Bridge Withdrawals on Mainnet (1 minute read)

After a false start, Shibarium has reopened its bridge for withdrawals.

## Article 11
### [Yevgeny Prigozhin Potentially Linked to the Fifth Largest Bitcoin Wallet (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Yevgeny Prigozhin Potentially Linked to the Fifth Largest Bitcoin Wallet (3 minute read)

The death of Wagner PMC owner, Yevgeny Prigozhin, sparked rumors about a Bitcoin wallet that he allegedly owned, the fifth-largest wallet in the world.

## Article 12
### [BitBoy Crypto Says Goodbye to Ben Armstrong (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BitBoy Crypto Says Goodbye to Ben Armstrong (2 minute read)

Ben Armstrong was removed from Bitboy Crypto by parent company BJ Investment Holdings due to alleged substance abuse and harm to employees and the community.

