# Articles TLDR  17-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Microsoft Unveils Next-Generation AI Copilot for Work in Microsoft 365 (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Unveils Next-Generation AI Copilot for Work in Microsoft 365 (7 minute read)

Microsoft has launched a new AI-powered tool called Copilot for Work in Microsoft 365, aimed at helping users become more productive, creative and skilled in their work. It integrates large language models with user data in Microsoft Graph and Microsoft 365 apps, allowing users to create, analyze, express, collaborate and achieve more.

## Article 2
### [Stripe and OpenAI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stripe and OpenAI (2 minute read)

Stripe and OpenAI collaborate to monetize OpenAIE28099s flagship products and enhance Stripe with GPT-4. E2809CWe're excited to work with Stripe to monetize our flagship products,E2809D said Peter Welinder, vice president of product and partnerships at OpenAI. E2809CBeyond payments, Stripe is helping us with everything from recurring billing and tax compliance to automating our financial operations.E2809D

## Article 3
### [PwC using generative AI for legal (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PwC using generative AI for legal (3 minute read)

PwC announced a global partnership with AI startup Harvey, providing PwCE28099s Legal Business Solutions professionals exclusive access (among the Big 4) to the AI platform. Harvey, which is backed by the OpenAI Startup Fund, is a platform that uses machine learning to automate and enhance legal work. Harvey will help generate insights and recommendations based on large volumes of data, delivering richer information that will enable PwC professionals to identify solutions faster. All outputs will be overseen and reviewed by PwC professionals.

## Article 4
### [S4 takes on RL (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 S4 takes on RL (12 minute read)

S4 models are a great new long range architecture. This work modifies them so they can initialize and update their internal state in parallel and then explores the modifications on a meta learning task. They found some promising results that point to S4 and other state space models potentially being used as the default RL architecture over LSTMS.

## Article 5
### [Investigating GANsformer: A Variation of GANs for Image Generation (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Investigating GANsformer: A Variation of GANs for Image Generation (18 minute read)

The article discusses the authors' reproduction and evaluation of the GANformer, a variation of the Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) used for image generation. They successfully recreated both variations of the model and found differences between their results and those of the authors, as well as two undisclosed variations of the presented procedures.

## Article 6
### [Re-ReND: Real-time Rendering of NeRFs across Devices (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Re-ReND: Real-time Rendering of NeRFs across Devices (15 minute read)

This paper proposes Re-ReND, a method designed to achieve real-time performance of Neural Radiance Field (NeRF) rendering on resource-constrained devices by converting the NeRF into a representation that can be efficiently processed by standard graphics pipelines, distilling the NeRF by extracting the learned density into a mesh, and factorizing the learned color information into a set of matrices that represent the sceneE28099s light field.

## Article 7
### [NanoT5 (GitHub Repo)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NanoT5 (GitHub Repo)</strong>

The repository contains code for reproducing a pre-trained T5 language model with limited resources in PyTorch. The model is pre-trained on the C4 dataset and fine-tuned on Super-Natural Instructions (SNI). Despite using only one GPU and limited resources, the model achieves ~40 RougeL on the SNI test set, compared to ~42 RougeL of the original HuggingFace model. The contribution is a user-friendly template for NLP research.

## Article 8
### [Llama support in HuggingFace (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Llama support in HuggingFace (GitHub Repo)

The popular open model by Meta, whose weights were leaked earlier this month is now included in the popular Transformers library. It is only on the main branch, but you can now use this to train Stanford's Alpaca using their training code.

## Article 9
### [BiFormer: Vision Transformer with Bi-Level Routing Attention (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BiFormer: Vision Transformer with Bi-Level Routing Attention (Github Repo)

The article discusses the use of attention as a powerful tool for capturing long-range dependencies in vision transformers but highlights the challenge of its high computational burden and memory footprint. To address this issue, the authors propose a dynamic sparse attention via bi-level routing that allows for flexible allocation of computations with content awareness. The proposed BiFormer model, which utilizes the bi-level routing attention, shows good performance and high computational efficiency across various computer vision tasks.

## Article 10
### [Mozilla Responsible AI Challenge (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mozilla Responsible AI Challenge (3 minute read)

## Article 11
### [Challenge: Read ancient scrolls with ML (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Challenge: Read ancient scrolls with ML (3 minute read)

The Vesuvius Challenge aims to read an unopened Herculaneum scroll for the first time and is offering $250,000 in prizes, including a $150,000 Grand Prize and $100,000 in Progress Prizes. Contestants receive 3D X-ray scans, papyrus fragments, tutorials, and tools to virtually unwrap the scrolls. They also have access to a Discord server to connect with other contestants and the Vesuvius Challenge team. The competition is open, and the organizers believe that it will help achieve the goal by 2023.

## Article 12
### [TLDR AI Reader Survey](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TLDR AI Reader Survey

## Article 13
### [Inference at the Edge (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inference at the Edge (3 minute read)

With the recent excitement around running the llama models on low resource devices, the author has proposed his views on where this movement of low resource inference is headed and what we as a community can do to participate.

## Article 14
### [Meta AI Unlocks Hundreds Of Millions Of Proteins To Aid Drug Discovery (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta AI Unlocks Hundreds Of Millions Of Proteins To Aid Drug Discovery (3 minute read)

Meta has created an AI tool to predict the structure of hundreds of millions of proteins using artificial intelligence, perhaps speeding up the discovery of future new drugs.

## Article 15
### [Alpaca.ccp (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alpaca.ccp (GitHub Repo)

Alpaca allows you to run a fast ChatGPT-like model locally on your device.

