# Articles TLDR  11-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Tether Reports $1.5 Billion Net Profit for First Quarter in Latest Attestation Report (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tether Reports $1.5 Billion Net Profit for First Quarter in Latest Attestation Report (2 minute read)

Tether announced a net profit of $1.5 billion in Q1, more than double the previous quarter, and a record $2.44 billion in excess reserves. The stablecoin issuer's total assets reached $81.8 billion, with 85% of its reserves held in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term deposits. Tether also revealed holdings in Bitcoin and gold, representing 2% and 4% of total reserves, respectively. This was the first time Tether had broken out its Bitcoin holdings in an attestation report. Also notably, Tether did more net income than Blackrock in Q1.

## Article 2
### [Binance Slams US Crypto Crackdown and Makes Bid for UK Oversight (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance Slams US Crypto Crackdown and Makes Bid for UK Oversight (3 minute read)

Binance is apparently struggling to operate in the US due to increased regulatory scrutiny. Its chief strategy officer, Patrick Hillmann, expressed the company's interest in being regulated in the UK, despite past clashes with London-based regulators. Binance has faced multiple lawsuits from US regulators, including the CFTC and the DOJ. While it is difficult to operate in the US now with its unclear regulatory framework, Hillmann believes the US will eventually follow EuropeE28099s lead.

## Article 3
### [MiamiE28099s Love Affair With Crypto Is Souring as Bitcoin Faithful Flock to the City (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MiamiE28099s Love Affair With Crypto Is Souring as Bitcoin Faithful Flock to the City (6 minute read)

Throughout the last bull market, Miami embraced cryptocurrencies and attempted to build out a thriving crypto ecosystem, the city has since experienced a significant shift in attitude toward digital currencies. Since the bear market ensued, MiamiCoin, a coin the city was looking at integrating, trading ceased, the Miami Heat had to replace FTX with another sponsor for its arena, and Blockchain.com abandoned its planned Wynwood office. The city now focuses on tech startups, AI, and venture capital, with Mayor Suarez emphasizing the lessons learned from their initial foray into the crypto world.

## Article 4
### [Cryptoverse: Digital Coins Lure Inflation-Weary Argentines and Turks (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cryptoverse: Digital Coins Lure Inflation-Weary Argentines and Turks (3 minute read)

Cryptocurrencies have become safe havens in countries like Argentina and Turkey, where high inflation and falling local currencies drive people to digital currencies. Turkey has the world's highest crypto ownership rate at 27.1%, followed by Argentina at 23.5%. As local currencies devalue, investors turn to stablecoins like USDC and USDT, pegged to traditional assets, for protection against currency devaluation. Crypto adoption tends to be higher in countries with capital restrictions, financial instability, and political instability.

## Article 5
### [Solidity 0.8.20 Release (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Solidity 0.8.20 Release (4 minute read)

Solidity v0.8.20 was released, and it features Shanghai hard fork support, improved via-IR pipeline, and enhanced ABI event listings. The update also includes experimental AST import via Standard JSON for tooling developers.

## Article 6
### [Centralized Dapps Through Tokenized Rebates: A Modest Proposal (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Centralized Dapps Through Tokenized Rebates: A Modest Proposal (4 minute read)

This novel approach proposed in an article by Variant attempts to give founders a potential solution to launching a token that does not convey ownership or governance rights in a protocol or project. They instead propose leveraging tokens to provide rebates to users.</span>

