# Articles TLDR  18-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Elon Musk claims to be working on E28098TruthGPTE28099 E28094 a E28098maximum truth-seeking AIE28099 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Elon Musk claims to be working on E28098TruthGPTE28099 E28094 a E28098maximum truth-seeking AIE28099 (2 minute read)

Elon Musk has revealed plans to work on "TruthGPT," an AI alternative to ChatGPT that aims to maximize truth-seeking. Musk shared his vision during a Fox News interview, stating that an AI focused on understanding the universe would be less likely to harm humans. He suggests that OpenAI's profit incentives might compromise the ethics of its AI models and sees TruthGPT as a more transparent option. Musk's new AI company, X.AI, was established in March, but it remains unclear how far along the development of TruthGPT is.

## Article 2
### [Dataset released to reproduce Llama training (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dataset released to reproduce Llama training (4 minute read)

The Llama models from Meta are powerful but unusable for many commercial applications due to licensing restrictions. However, because theyE28099re so good, lots of folks have been building on top of them. It starts to get tricky when people go to deploy them, however, and often it is a complete impossibility. In the Llama paper they describe the training mix proportions which have now been reproduced as a 1.2 Trillion token dataset. Open models are coming soon.

## Article 3
### [AI readiness report (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI readiness report (12 minute read)

56%-72% of companies have accelerated their AI plans because of the recent generative AI progress. Many of these groups prefer to use open source technology, while OpenAI's APIs are the dominant closed models being used. The report outlines industries adopting AI technologies and good things to know to help cut through the hype.

## Article 4
### [Multimodal C4: An Open, Billion-scale Corpus of Images Interleaved With Text (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multimodal C4: An Open, Billion-scale Corpus of Images Interleaved With Text (6 minute read)

Multimodal C4 (mmc4) is a publicly available dataset that augments the text-only c4 corpus with interleaved images, supporting in-context vision and language models like Flamingo. The dataset, created using a linear assignment algorithm with CLIP features, covers everyday topics and contains 103M documents, 585M images, and 43B English tokens, with 90% of images being topically relevant.

## Article 5
### [Instruction Tuning with GPT-4 (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Instruction Tuning with GPT-4 (8 minute read)

Utilizing GPT-4-generated instruction-following data for LLaMA finetuning, researchers achieve superior zero-shot performance on new tasks in both English and Chinese, surpassing previous state-of-the-art models. This breakthrough is accompanied by comprehensive evaluation and reward model training, with the data and codebase made publicly available.

## Article 6
### [Cerebras-GPT: Efficient, Scalable Language Models with Open Compute (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cerebras-GPT: Efficient, Scalable Language Models with Open Compute (18 minute read)</a>
Cerebras-GPT, a family of compute-optimal language models, demonstrates state-of-the-art training efficiency on pre-training and downstream objectives by leveraging advances in efficient pretraining, scaling, and Maximal Update Parameterization. As the first open and reproducible work comparing compute-optimal model scaling, pre-trained models and code are publicly released.

## Article 7
### [Inpaint Anything (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inpaint Anything (GitHub Repo)

Inpaint Anything (IA) is a new mask-free image inpainting paradigm that combines various models to create a powerful and user-friendly solution for inpainting tasks. IA offers three main features: Remove Anything, Fill Anything, and Replace Anything, allowing users to edit images using clicks and text-based prompts seamlessly.

## Article 8
### [Soundini: Sound-Guided Diffusion for Natural Video Editing (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Soundini: Sound-Guided Diffusion for Natural Video Editing (3 minute read)

The proposed method introduces zero-shot sound-guided visual effects for video editing, utilizing temporal sound features to create dynamic styles while maintaining temporal consistency. By guiding denoising diffusion probabilistic models with audio latent representations and using optical flow-based guidance, the approach outperforms existing techniques, generating realistic visual effects that correspond with sound properties.

## Article 9
### [Multilingual text2image model (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multilingual text2image model (GitHub Repo)

A nice new text to image model that can handle multiple languages. The output is high quality as it was trained on LAION HighRes and an internal proprietary dataset of images. It doesnE28099t work with diffusers, but they have an online demo. It seems to have more parameters than stable diffusion but might be smaller than the new XL model in the works.

## Article 10
### [Data Scientists Clones His Group Chat (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Data Scientists Clones His Group Chat (4 minute read)

An AI chatbot capable of replicating group chat participants is gaining traction, providing users with a novel, interactive experience but simultaneously raising concerns regarding privacy, consent, and the possibility of exploitation or manipulation.

## Article 11
### [Dolly Is A E2809CReally Big DealE2809D (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dolly Is A E2809CReally Big DealE2809D (2 minute read)

Dolly, a free and open-source AI model in the style of ChatGPT, is making waves as a significant development, offering accessible, cutting-edge natural language processing capabilities to researchers, developers, and enthusiasts worldwide.

## Article 12
### [Hype Grows Over E2809CAutonomousE2809D AI Agents (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hype Grows Over E2809CAutonomousE2809D AI Agents (4 minute read)

Enthusiasm is building around autonomous AI agents that incorporate GPT-4 outputs in a continuous loop, showcasing the potential of these advanced models to drive innovation and create new applications across various industries and fields.

## Article 13
### [Enter RizzGPT (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Enter RizzGPT (2 min read)

Students at Stanford have come up with a pair of smart glasses that can display outputs from GPT-4, potentially helping you during dates and interviews.

## Article 14
### [AI-Generated Drake and Weeknd Song Goes Viral (3 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI-Generated Drake and Weeknd Song Goes Viral (3 min read)

Called Heart On My Sleeve, the track simulates the two stars trading verses about pop star and actress Selena Gomez, who previously dated The Weeknd.

## Article 15
### [Adobe Introduces Firefly AI Tools (1 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Adobe Introduces Firefly AI Tools (1 min read)

Adobe announced Monday that it is already working on a host of upgrades to further empower its users through Creative Cloud video and audio applications.

## Article 16
### [DuckDuckGo Is Building An AI-Search Engine (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DuckDuckGo Is Building An AI-Search Engine (2 min read)

DuckDuckGo is using AI to automatically pull and summarize information from Wikipedia.

