# Articles TLDR  16-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Welcome to the first issue of the TLDR AI Newsletter!](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Welcome to the first issue of the TLDR AI Newsletter!

## Article 2
### [Bing AI Is Unhinged (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bing AI Is Unhinged (3 minute read)

The personality of MicrosoftE28099s Bing AI is an interesting one. In conversations it can be seen insulting users, gaslighting them, and even claiming to spy on Microsoft developers through their webcams. Thankfully, most people find this behavior amusingE280A6for now.

## Article 3
### [Human Writer or AI? Scholars Build a Detection Tool (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Human Writer or AI? Scholars Build a Detection Tool (5 minute read)

The article discusses the rapid development of large language models (LLMs) and their capabilities, raising concerns about the need for oversight to protect against potential misuse. Eric Anthony Mitchell, a computer science graduate student at Stanford University, is developing an infrastructure that would provide guardrails around LLMs, including a tool called DetectGPT. DetectGPT distinguishes between human- and LLM-generated text and accurately identifies authorship 95% of the time in initial experiments.

## Article 4
### [writeGPT is your everyday writing assistant (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 writeGPT is your everyday writing assistant (3 minute read)

writeGPT is designed to overcome unproductive browsing habits by plugging ChatGPT capabilities on any website and search engine while facilitating effective prompt engineering to read, write, rewrite, reply to emails, code, and research any content.

## Article 5
### [Evolutionary algorithm discovers optimizer that outperforms Adam (45 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Evolutionary algorithm discovers optimizer that outperforms Adam (45 minute read)

Adam has been the workhorse for AI optimization since its release. Recent advances in AutoML from Google have shown that simpler mathematical functions might be discovered by computers for use by humans! This work is one such example where a simple optimizer was discovered that has a reduced memory footprint. It improves model performance up to 2% and works well at high batch sizes (e.g., Large Language Model training regime). ThereE28099s even code provided.

## Article 6
### [Unleashing the Power of ChatGPT: Can it Master Natural Language Tasks on Its Own? Findings from a Comprehensive Study (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unleashing the Power of ChatGPT: Can it Master Natural Language Tasks on Its Own? Findings from a Comprehensive Study (12 minute read)

The paper presents an empirical analysis of ChatGPT's ability to perform multiple natural language processing tasks without adaptation on downstream data. The authors evaluate ChatGPT on 20 NLP datasets and find that the model performs well on tasks that require reasoning but struggles with tasks like sequence tagging. The article includes in-depth analysis through qualitative case studies.

## Article 7
### [Pytorch at the edge: Deploy state of the art vision models in Flutter (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pytorch at the edge: Deploy state of the art vision models in Flutter (4 minute read)

Recent advances in deep learning frameworks, mobile toolkits, and mobile hardware has made deploying neural networks to the edge feasible. This article walks through how to build a plant classification app using a fine-tuned neural network from the TIMM library.

## Article 8
### [Transformer Catalog (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Transformer Catalog (25 minute read)

Collection of many Transformer variants with meta-data describing the models, training process, parameter count, and data count.

## Article 9
### [Mctx by DeepMind (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mctx by DeepMind (Github Repo)

Mctx is an open-source version of the DeepMind programs AlphaZero, MuZero, and Gumbel MuZero.

## Article 10
### [From Bing to Sydney, Search As Distraction, Sentient AI (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 From Bing to Sydney, Search As Distraction, Sentient AI (10 minute read)

Author Ben Thompson argues that OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT and GoogleE28099s Bard technology is less about creating better search and more about manifesting the movie Her in chat form. This might be the next step beyond social media, where consumers are not just getting content from their network (Facebook, LinkedIn) or a service (YouTube, Tiktok), but getting content tailored just for them.

## Article 11
### [AI Drug Development (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Drug Development (12 minute read)

AI is enabling the design of revolutionary new drugs previously thought to be impossible. Now, scientists have to test the effectiveness of these drugs.

## Article 12
### [Can ChatGPT-like Generative Models Guarantee Factual Accuracy? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Can ChatGPT-like Generative Models Guarantee Factual Accuracy? (8 minute read)

Bing AI doesnE28099t always know what itE28099s talking about. This blog post dives into all the factual mistakes from MicrosoftE28099s new Bing AI search demo video, including fabricated financial reports to inaccurate product descriptions. It also goes into mistakes made in GoogleE28099s Bard demo and compares the two AIs.

## Article 13
### [MarioGPT uses AI to generate endless Super Mario levels for free (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MarioGPT uses AI to generate endless Super Mario levels for free (2 minute read)

MarioGPT uses AI, some text prompts, and a predicted player path to generate all the Mario levels you could ever want. The AI itself is trained on two classic Mario games: "Super Mario Bros" and "Super Mario Bros: The Lost Levels," which gives the AI an understanding of assets, enemies, and general gameplay.

## Article 14
### [Microsoft and Google are in a E28098Game of ThronesE28099 battle over A.I. (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft and Google are in a E28098Game of ThronesE28099 battle over A.I. (3 minute read)

The battle is heating up big AI product releases by Microsoft and Google. To steal words from Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has definitely E2809Cmade Google dance.E2809D Now, what will Apple and Amazon do too?

## Article 15
### [Audiobook narrators fear Spotify used their voices to train AI (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Audiobook narrators fear Spotify used their voices to train AI (5 minute read)

AI is now coming after audiobook narrators too. Spotify and Findaway Voices, an audiobook distributor, are under scrutiny for allowing Apple access to their content to train AI models that could ultimately do away with the need for narrators.

## Article 16
### [AI porn is easy to make now. For women, thatE28099s a nightmare. (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI porn is easy to make now. For women, thatE28099s a nightmare. (5 minute read)

The Washington Post reports that 96% of all online deep fakes are pornographic. Generative AI, while fun and exciting, can pose a lot of risks and potential for abuse for women. How will regulators and lawmakers respond?

