# Articles TLDR  21-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Congress Is 'Starting From Scratch' on Stablecoin Legislation (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Congress Is 'Starting From Scratch' on Stablecoin Legislation (6 minute read)

The US House Financial Services Committee is reassessing stablecoin regulations, with members expressing concerns about crypto's impact on traditional finance. A new stablecoin bill, currently unnamed, faces criticism for not separating crypto assets from the banking system. The bill proposes a regulatory framework for stablecoins at both state and federal levels and sets standards for interoperability, reporting, and enforcement. The discussion follows recent banking crises and the collapse of Terra's UST stablecoin, which sparked calls for stablecoin regulation from Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen and SEC Chair Gary Gensler.

## Article 2
### [Euro-pegged Stablecoin From Societe Generale in the Works (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Euro-pegged Stablecoin From Societe Generale in the Works (2 minute read)

Societe Generale's FORGE team plans to launch EUR CoinVertible (EURCV), a euro-pegged, ERC-20 stablecoin. EURCV aims to help institutional investors manage cash flow and bridge traditional markets with digital assets. Adhering to EU banking and regulatory standards, SG-FORGE will issue the stablecoin, while a reputable agent manages the collateral. Legal separation between the collateral and SG-FORGE ensures protection for EURVC holders, who can redeem their collateral if stability mechanisms are in danger. The legal structure also safeguards clients from technological failures on-chain.

## Article 3
### [Bancor Launches New DEX Protocol Boasting Increased Profitability and MEV-Resistance (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bancor Launches New DEX Protocol Boasting Increased Profitability and MEV-Resistance (2 minute read)

Bancor has introduced Carbon, an on-chain protocol for DEXs designed to make automated trading easier and more profitable. Carbon enables users to execute automated trading strategies with custom on-chain orders, and it is resistant to MEV sandwich attacks. In comparison to Uniswap V3, Carbon allows users to create a single concentrated liquidity position for specific price ranges, automating the swing trading process for ERC20 tokens. Backtesting showed a 2-3.4 times profit increase compared to traditional liquidity provision methods.

## Article 4
### [Iron Fish Mainnet Is Live (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Iron Fish Mainnet Is Live (2 minute read)

Iron Fish, a privacy platform for web3, has launched its mainnet, utilizing zero-knowledge proofs to protect users' transaction data while at the same time maintaining compliance. The fully encrypted, L1 is accessible to all, allowing users to host nodes, mine, mint/burn custom assets, and transfer assets. Iron Fish's testnet processed over 50 million transactions, making it one of the largest processors of ZKPs. The platformE28099s aim is to continue expanding the potential of crypto while prioritizing privacy.

## Article 5
### [The BeginnerE28099s Guide to Consensus Mechanisms (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The BeginnerE28099s Guide to Consensus Mechanisms (7 minute read)

Blockchain consensus mechanisms are vital for maintaining security, scalability, and decentralization in decentralized networks. The most common mechanisms are proof of work (PoW) and proof of stake (PoS). Alternative mechanisms face challenges in disrupting the industry, but Ethereum's recent switch from PoW to PoS proves it is possible. Consensus mechanisms work by using cryptographic challenges and reward incentives to verify the authenticity of transactions. Different mechanisms are designed for specific blockchain use cases and network conditions, with trade-offs made between scalability, decentralization, and security. Consensus models are an important component of a project's long-term potential, so itE28099s important to understand them to determine if a project is going to be viable or not.

## Article 6
### [He Started Resy: Now He Wants You to Take Restaurant NFTs Seriously (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 He Started Resy: Now He Wants You to Take Restaurant NFTs Seriously (5 minute read)

Blackbird, a restaurant loyalty platform using NFTs, has launched in New York, offering VIP treatment and rewards for diners. Founded by Resy co-founder Ben Leventhal, the platform started in two restaurants and aims to expand from there. Blackbird allows diners to track visits and earn rewards, while restaurant owners collect data and crowdsource funds. Customers check in using NFC-enabled stickers and receive rewards, with their status saved on a digital "punch card" NFT. The platform faces the challenge of maintaining exclusivity while extending special treatment to all users. Leventhal believes bespoke, organic loyalty programs are key to success.

## Article 7
### [Chapter One Launches its Research Program Library (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Chapter One Launches its Research Program Library (2 minute read)

Chapter One's web3 Research Program is a 10-week opportunity for students to research web3 verticals, and work with the Chapter One team, founders, and like-minded peers. The second cohort just finished up, and Chapter One released all of the research produced by the program to date on this helpful, new research library site.

## Article 8
### [Crypto Options Exchange Deribit Adding Zero-Fee Spot Trading (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Options Exchange Deribit Adding Zero-Fee Spot Trading (2 minute read)

Deribit, a leading crypto options exchange, is introducing spot trading on April 24 for BTC/USDC, ETH/USDC, and ETH/BTC pairs, with zero fees. The feature allows instant BTC and ETH trades, supporting complex strategies and expanding Deribit's offerings.

