# Articles TLDR  15-03-2023

## Article 1
### [OpenAI releases GPT-4 (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI releases GPT-4 (12 minute read)

ItE28099s finally here! GPT-4 is a smarter, safer, and more robust version of its predecessor. GPT-4 is safer and more aligned, but still has limitations. It is 82% less likely to respond to requests for disallowed content and 40% more likely to produce factual responses than GPT-3.5 based on internal evaluations. Companies like Duolingo, Khan Academy, and Stripe are already using the service. Also, a correction from yesterdayE28099s newsletter: previous rumors that GPT-4 will include text-to-video capabilities are actually not true. GPT-4 has not yet made the leap to multimodal outputs like video, but it can take in both video and text as inputs!

## Article 2
### [Google unveils new PaLM API and MakerSuite tool (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google unveils new PaLM API and MakerSuite tool (3 minute read)

Google has announced the PaLM API, a new offering that allows developers to experiment with large language models in a safe and easy way. Along with the API, they are releasing MakerSuite, a tool that enables developers to quickly and easily prototype generative AI applications. The tools will be available through a Private Preview to select developers, with a waitlist expected to follow. This announcement signifies Google's commitment to making AI accessible and empowering developers to build the next generation of applications.

## Article 3
### [Anthropic launches Claude (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Anthropic launches Claude (3 minute read)

Anthropic, one of OpenAIE28099s main rivals, launched Claude, a chatbot rival to ChatGPT. Anthropic was co-founded by ex-OpenAI employees. Claude can be instructed to perform a range of tasks, including searching across documents, summarizing, writing and coding, and answering questions about particular topics. But Anthropic makes the case that Claude is E2809Cmuch less likely to produce harmful outputs,E2809D E2809Ceasier to converse withE2809D and E2809Cmore steerableE2809D than OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT.

## Article 4
### [New Pre-training Paradigm Improves Language Models' Capabilities (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New Pre-training Paradigm Improves Language Models' Capabilities (18 minute read)

This paper proposes a new pre-training paradigm that improves the training data efficiency and capabilities of language models in the infilling task. The paradigm includes a bidirectional training objective that aligns the predictions of left-to-right and right-to-left LMs and a bidirectional inference procedure. The approach is evaluated on programming and natural language models and outperforms strong baselines.</span>

## Article 5
### [Model-tuning Via Prompts: Improving Adversarial Robustness in NLP (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Model-tuning Via Prompts: Improving Adversarial Robustness in NLP (15 minute read)

The MVP method demonstrates surprising gains in adversarial robustness, improving performance against adversarial word-level synonym substitutions by an average of 8% over standard methods, and even outperforming state-of-art defenses by 3.5%. By modifying the input with a prompt template instead of modifying the model by appending an MLP head, MVP achieves better results in downstream tasks while maintaining clean accuracy.

## Article 6
### [UniDiffuser: A Unified Diffusion Framework for Multi-Modal Data Distribution Fitting (Github repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UniDiffuser: A Unified Diffusion Framework for Multi-Modal Data Distribution Fitting (Github repo)

UniDiffuser is a framework for fitting all distributions relevant to multi-modal data in one model. It achieves this by unifying diffusion models for marginal, conditional, and joint distributions. UniDiffuser is able to perform image, text, text-to-image, image-to-text, and image-text pair generation with high-quality results and competitive quantitative scores.

## Article 7
### [UniDiffuser (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UniDiffuser (GitHub Repo)

UniDiffuser is a unified diffusion framework to fit all distributions relevant to a set of multi-modal data in one model.

## Article 8
### [Writeout.ai (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Writeout.ai (GitHub Repo)

Writeout.ai translates audio files using OpenAIE28099s Whisper API.

## Article 9
### [Applied Machine Learning by Cornell University (Online Course)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Applied Machine Learning by Cornell University (Online Course)

This open online course is a broad introduction to the field of machine learning (ML), based on CS 5785 at Cornell Tech. It covers machine learning algorithms (linear regression, kernel methods, neural networks, etc.), their mathematical foundations, and their implementation. We are thrilled to make this material open to everyone and welcome you to the course.

## Article 10
### [Wonder Dynamics releases Wonder Studio (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Wonder Dynamics releases Wonder Studio (Product Launch)

Wonder Studio is an AI tool that automatically animates, lights and composes CG characters into a live-action scene. Think of it as the VFX Studio in your browser.

## Article 11
### [Google announces new AI features for Workspace (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google announces new AI features for Workspace (3 minute read)

Google is introducing a suite of upcoming generative AI features for its various Workspace apps, including Google Docs, Gmail, Sheets, and Slides.

## Article 12
### [Morgan Stanley Testing OpenAI-Powered Chatbot For Its Financial Advisors (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Morgan Stanley Testing OpenAI-Powered Chatbot For Its Financial Advisors (2 minute read)

Morgan Stanley is now using a chatbot to help the bankE28099s financial advisors.

