# Articles TLDR  25-01-2023

## Article 1
### [Binance admits it commingled customer funds with token reserves (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance admits it commingled customer funds with token reserves (2 minute read)

Binance has admitted to merging funds for dozens of tokens issued on Binance Smart Chain with customer funds. Backing for dozens of tokens was stored and comingled in an exchange cold wallet rather than being kept separate. Binance says it is currently in the process of resolving the issue but that it always had adequate assets in reserve to cover the tokens. It was previously reported that Binance's BUSD had insufficient backing for extended periods of time.

## Article 2
### [CZ alleges FTX paid $43m to run Binance FUD in media (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CZ alleges FTX paid $43m to run Binance FUD in media (2 minute read)

Changpeng Zhao alleges that FTX is responsible for funding most of the recent FUD reports regarding Binance. He claims that FTX paid a crypto news publishing site over $43 million to publish negative articles about Binance. Questions about Binance's proof-of-reserves and rumors that several Binance executives would be arrested surfaced in December. Sam Bankman-Fried has previously accused Zhao of contributing to the decline of FTX.

## Article 3
### [KORIS (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 KORIS (2 minute read)

KORIS is an end-to-end operational system for Decentralized Autonomous Companies. It is designed to meet the specific requirements of businesses by implementing smart contracts for company operations. KORIS offers a set of tools that improve the efficiency of business operations. These tools include task management, community management, and payment management. KORIS is currently in closed beta and will be gradually made available to allow-listed DAOs, businesses, and communities. A link to the waitlist is available.

## Article 4
### [What Are The Current Risks in Today's Market? (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What Are The Current Risks in Today's Market? (6 minute read)

This page contains notes from a podcast that discusses DCG, Gemini, Genesis, Grayscale, the 3AC GBTC trade, and more. It goes into Genesis' and DCG's current issues and the implications that DCG's problems will have on the future of the crypto market. DCG is now trying to raise capital through any means necessary and it is considering selling its broader venture portfolio, valued at nearly $3 billion, in order to raise the capital they need.

## Article 5
### [Account Abstraction for Everyone Else (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Account Abstraction for Everyone Else (9 minute read)

This guide covers the concept of account abstraction. Account abstraction refers to the ability to set the validity of conditions of a transaction programmatically. There are two types of account abstraction: stateless and stateful. Stateless account abstraction doesn't depend on external state and doesn't have any side effects, while stateful account abstraction can depend on external state and has access to the chain's state. Account abstraction is a necessary tool for achieving a web2-like experience while maintaining the custodial properties of web3.

## Article 6
### [The Year Ahead (41 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Year Ahead (41 minute read)

## Article 7
### [The past, present, and future of airdrop design (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The past, present, and future of airdrop design (7 minute read)

Airdrops are a form of incentive that distributes tokens to network participants as a reward for contributing resources. Incentives are used by traditional companies to drive growth, engagement, and organizational alignment. In crypto, they are used to drive user acquisition, retention, engagement, and align long-term protocol contributors and governance participants. This article discusses the history of airdrops and why a phased approach that drives faster feedback cycles will form the next era of airdrop programs.

## Article 8
### [Genesis Ch 11 Finding (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Genesis Ch 11 Finding (4 minute read)

This Twitter thread provides a timeline showing how GBTC went to a 50% discount.

## Article 9
### [Wasabi Wallet Will Pay You to 'Crack' a Bitcoin Wallet (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Wasabi Wallet Will Pay You to 'Crack' a Bitcoin Wallet (2 minute read)

The Hunting Sats game is designed to teach people about seed phrase security and to demonstrate how brute force is more achievable if users reveal a part of their seed.

## Article 10
### [Coinbase Trading Volume Increases in January While Other Exchanges See Declines (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Trading Volume Increases in January While Other Exchanges See Declines (2 minute read)

Coinbase's reputation as a trustworthy exchange is paying off.

