# Articles TLDR  08-09-2023

## Article 1
### [New GigaOm Report Looks at the State of Semantic Layers and Metrics Stores in 2023 (Sponsor)](no_url)
### Summary 
 New GigaOm Report Looks at the State of Semantic Layers and Metrics Stores in 2023 (Sponsor)

With the AI gold rush in full swing, companies are rushing to modernize their data infrastructure. Many data leaders have turned their attention to the semantic layer as a means to put AI-ready data directly into the hands of decision-makers.In this fresh-off-the-press report, the analysts at GigaOm identify the key trends and leading players. Download the report from AtScale to learn:

How a semantic layer can create a single view of business metrics (e.g. revenue, COGs, headcount) and a common analytics vocabulary
Who are the innovators and fast movers in semantic layers and metric stores
Why AtScale was positioned as a leader

Get the full report right here, free F09F9394


## Article 2
### [AI Grant second batch announced (2 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 AI Grant second batch announced (2 minute read)

The increasingly popular and successful AI grant has announced its second cohort of start-ups. There are many notable groups included, such as GGML.

## Article 3
### [Adept AI releases an open source LLM (7 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Adept AI releases an open source LLM (7 minute read)

Persimmon, originally Adept, has released Persimmon-8B, an extremely performant 8b parameter model. It has also released inference code. There are a number of niceties - one particularly interesting tidbit is 70k unused embeddings, which allows for multimodal extensions.

## Article 4
### [Claude Gets A Paid Plan (1 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Claude Gets A Paid Plan (1 minute read)

Anthropic has launched a paid version of its Claude chatbot priced at $20 per month.

## Article 5
### [HyperDiffusion: Generating Implicit Neural Fields with Weight-Space Diffusion (28 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 HyperDiffusion: Generating Implicit Neural Fields with Weight-Space Diffusion (28 minute read)

Neural fields use a multilayer perceptron (MLP) to represent a 3D scene. It turns out you can apply diffusion directly to the weights of the MLP and generate a novel 3D scene.

## Article 6
### [One Wide Feedforward is All You Need (18 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 One Wide Feedforward is All You Need (18 minute read)

The feedforward layers of the transformer make up a significant portion of the total weights in the network. However, if you use a single large feedforward layer shared between the encoder and decoder, you can dramatically improve inference time with minimal drops in performance.

## Article 7
### [Using LLMs to Predict Stock Trends (26 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Using LLMs to Predict Stock Trends (26 minute read)

This paper introduces a way to use large language models to quickly analyze long Annual Reports from companies, making it easier to understand their financial health and even predict stock prices.

## Article 8
### [Generative image restoration (GitHub Repo)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Generative image restoration (GitHub Repo)

Powerful upscaling and restoration models that use diffusion to reduce blur and sharpen image details. Model checkpoints included.

## Article 9
### [A Better Understanding of 3D Scenes Over Time (4 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 A Better Understanding of 3D Scenes Over Time (4 minute read)

ResFields is a new kind of neural network that's really good at understanding complex 3D scenes as they change over time. By adding something called 'temporal residual layers,' it can deal with a lot more information and still stay accurate.

## Article 10
### [OnPrem.LLM (GitHub Repo)](no_url)
### Summary 
 OnPrem.LLM (GitHub Repo)

OnPrem.LLM is a simple Python package that makes it easier to run large language models on non-public or sensitive data and on machines with no internet connectivity.

## Article 11
### [Inside ElonE28099s Struggles For The Future Of AI (10 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Inside ElonE28099s Struggles For The Future Of AI (10 minute read)

A look back at Elon MuskE28099s efforts in the AI space in the early 2010s.

## Article 12
### [Using AI to create breast cancer treatments (4 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Using AI to create breast cancer treatments (4 minute read)

ProteinQure revolutionizes chemotherapy using advanced ML and molecular simulations on supercomputers. Using their platform - ProteinStudio - they designed PQ-001, a precision drug targeting breast cancer. This drug, akin to a guided missile, zeroes in on cancer cells, sparing the healthy ones and avoiding common chemo side effects. Following successful animal trials, they're now developing this drug further towards the first dose in humans.

## Article 13
### [IBM Rolls Out New Generative AI Features And Models (3 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 IBM Rolls Out New Generative AI Features And Models (3 minute read)

IBM this week introduced new generative AI models and capabilities across its recently launched Watsonx data science platform.

## Article 14
### [The AI Drake E2809CGhostwriterE2809D Is Back With A New Song (2 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 The AI Drake E2809CGhostwriterE2809D Is Back With A New Song (2 minute read)

Ghostwriter, the anonymous creator behind the viral AI Drake song, has released another track. This time, it features the AI-generated voices of Travis Scott and 21 Savage.

## Article 15
### [Microsoft Says It Will Take The Heat If Copilot Users Get Sued (2 minute read)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Says It Will Take The Heat If Copilot Users Get Sued (2 minute read)

Microsoft is telling customers it will assume legal responsibility if they get sued for copyright infringement while using the companyE28099s AI Copilot services.

## Article 16
### [Snipo (Product)](no_url)
### Summary 
 Snipo (Product)

A side-by-side AI notetaker for your videos.

