# Articles TLDR  06-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Effortlessly convert ML to optimized C++ for edge devices with Python (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Effortlessly convert ML to optimized C++ for edge devices with Python (Sponsor)

You ML practitioners are the experts when it comes to developing and training models. But generating models that can deploy to edge devices remains a challenge.To remedy that, we've launched the Edge Impulse Python SDK, providing the long-missing bridge between ML engineers and edge devices.Access the power of Edge Impulse directly in your dev environment. Get on-device performance, optimize your model, and export a C++ library that can be deployed to any edge hardware. Edge Impulse is used by top enterprises. Now it's easier than ever. <p>Try it at edgeimpulse.com/BYOM

## Article 2
### [Segment Anything, major advance in image segmentation (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Segment Anything, major advance in image segmentation (6 minute read)

Image Segmentation is the process of pulling out all the pixels in an image that represent a certain object (e.g., a person or desk). It is a hard task for a few reasons, normally it either requires a huge dataset of predefined objects or some weak supervision. This new, fully open sourced, model from Meta feels like a leap forward in capabilities. They collected a massive dataset, made easier annotation features, and created a model that can run in your browser in real-time. Demo, code, and paper are available.

## Article 3
### [Google reveals its newest A.I. supercomputer, says it beats Nvidia (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google reveals its newest A.I. supercomputer, says it beats Nvidia (2 minute read)

Google has developed a TPU-based supercomputer, called TPU v4, which it claims is 1.2x-1.7x faster and uses 1.3x-1.9x less power than Nvidia's A100 chips. The system, comprising over 4,000 Tensor Processing Units (TPUs), has been operational since 2020 and was used to train Google's PaLM model. The growing power requirements of AI continue to drive innovation in the chip industry and benefit cloud providers like Google, Microsoft, and Amazon, which rent out processing power and provide resources to startups.

## Article 4
### [What happens to models as they train? (33 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What happens to models as they train? (33 minute read)

The Pythia paper from EleutherAI is finally here! They released hundreds of checkpoints of Transformer models over time as they train. This is useful because it is not at all clear what skills models gain over time, but now the community can inspect the dynamics of training and gain massive insights into potential areas for improvement and efficiency.

## Article 5
### [A Survey of Large Language Models (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Survey of Large Language Models (25 minute read)

This paper discusses the evolution of language modeling for artificial intelligence algorithms, with a focus on recent advances in large language models (LLMs) with billions of parameters. The paper offers a comprehensive review of LLMs, including pre-training, adaptation tuning, utilization, and capacity evaluation, and provides a useful resource for researchers and engineers.

## Article 6
### [AUDIT: Audio Editing by Following Instructions with Latent Diffusion Models (20 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AUDIT: Audio Editing by Following Instructions with Latent Diffusion Models (20 minute read)

AUDIT is a new instruction-guided audio editing model based on latent diffusion models, which can automatically modify only the necessary audio segments and only requires edit instructions instead of full target audio descriptions as text input. The proposed model achieved state-of-the-art results in both objective and subjective metrics for several audio editing tasks, including adding, dropping, replacement, inpainting, and super-resolution.

## Article 7
### [Basics of LLMs (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Basics of LLMs (7 minute read)

This tutorial talks about the basics of large language models.

## Article 8
### [Vocode (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vocode (GitHub Repo)

Vocode is an open source library that makes it easy to build voice-based LLM apps.

## Article 9
### [Our approach to AI Safety (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Our approach to AI Safety (6 minute read)

OpenAI is leading the way in capabilities research, they also are a strong player in developing safety systems for their language models. They outline a few directions they are tackling such as factuality, child safety, privacy, and more. They have made progress on all of these aims and the fact that GPT-4 was finished training 6 months before its launch, but held back to focus on safety concerns is interesting. The biggest take away here is that GPT-4 is 40% less likely to generate factually incorrect output than gpt-3.5-turbo.

## Article 10
### [Where Are AI Videos Going? (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Where Are AI Videos Going? (4 minute read)

AI-generated videos are gaining popularity, often depicting surreal scenes or celebrity memes. The technology's rapid advancement raises questions about its potential in Hollywood, such as casting movies or modeling scenes. Although challenges remain, experts believe AI will have a significant impact on content creation, but it won't replace human talent in the film industry anytime soon.

## Article 11
### [Neural Networks: Zero To Hero (Online Course)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Neural Networks: Zero To Hero (Online Course)

A course by Andrej Karpathy on building neural networks, from scratch, in code.

## Article 12
### [Imagica AI (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Imagica AI (Product)

Build a no-code AI app in minutes.

## Article 13
### [Meta To Debut Ad-Creating Generative AI This Year (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meta To Debut Ad-Creating Generative AI This Year (1 minute read)

Facebook owner Meta intends to commercialize its proprietary generative artificial intelligence by December, joining Google in finding practical applications for the tech.

## Article 14
### [Australian Mayor May Sue ChatGPT (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Australian Mayor May Sue ChatGPT (2 minute read)

An Australian mayor has threatened to sue OpenAI for false allegations that he served time in prison for bribery.

