# Articles TLDR  10-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Crypto Exchange Kraken Ends Staking Program in $30 Million SEC Settlement (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Exchange Kraken Ends Staking Program in $30 Million SEC Settlement (2 minute read)

Kraken has agreed to pay $30 million to settle the Securities and Exchange Commission's allegations that it violated US securities laws with its crypto-asset staking products. The exchange will discontinue the products. The case makes it clear that staking-as-a-service providers must register and provide full, fair, and truthful disclosure and investor protection.

## Article 2
### [Stablecoin Issuer Tether Reports $700M Profit for Q4 2022 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stablecoin Issuer Tether Reports $700M Profit for Q4 2022 (2 minute read)</a>
Tether reported a $700 million fourth-quarter profit. It decreased secured loans by $300 in accordance with a plan to reduce them to zero this year. Tether completely moved away from holding commercial paper as part of the reserves backing its USDT token, achieving a goal set for the end of 2022. The majority of Tether's holdings ($39.2 billion) were in US Treasury bills as of December 31. The remaining $67 billion of assets were distributed across money market funds, cash, and other items.

## Article 3
### [DeFi Giant MakerDAO to Introduce Aave Rival Dubbed Spark Protocol (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DeFi Giant MakerDAO to Introduce Aave Rival Dubbed Spark Protocol (1 minute read)

MakerDAO is releasing a lending platform to rival Aave. Spark Protocol is a fork of Aave V3. It will allow users to borrow, lend, and stake with DAI. The protocol will be reinforced by pricing oracles provided by Chronicle Labs and Chainlink. MakerDAO formed Phoenix Labs to build Spark Protocol.

## Article 4
### [Aave Deploys Native Stablecoin GHO on Ethereum Testnet (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aave Deploys Native Stablecoin GHO on Ethereum Testnet (4 minute read)

Aave has deployed its native stablecoin GHO on Ethereum's Goerli testnet. Developers can now access the stablecoin's codebase and test how it works. GHO's mainnet release date is still being determined by the community. The stablecoin was audited by several blockchain code auditing firms prior to its testnet release.

## Article 5
### [Introducing InfinityPools: Or how I learned to stop worrying and love leverage (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing InfinityPools: Or how I learned to stop worrying and love leverage (5 minute read)

This article explains how InfinityPools works and how it solves issues with perpetual futures and leverage trades. InfinityPools is a protocol that makes 'good' leverage accessible to everyone. It closes positions perfectly, solving many issues that other protocols have. InfinityPools allows traders to have unlimited leverage for any asset and avoid liquidations altogether without any counterparty risk.

## Article 6
### [NoSleep Reading List V18 (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NoSleep Reading List V18 (8 minute read)

## Article 7
### [E28098Sam? Are you there?!E28099 The bizarre and brutal final hours of FTX (40 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E28098Sam? Are you there?!E28099 The bizarre and brutal final hours of FTX (40 minute read)

This article talks about, in detail, the story of FTX and the events that happened in the hours before it fell. It contains emails and excerpts from internal company chats. Sam Bankman-Fried is now staying at his parents' house, spending his days on calls with lawyers and journalists or writing long reflections on what happened. He continues to claim that the bankruptcy filing was a pivotal error.

## Article 8
### [Operation Choke Point 2.0 Is Underway, And Crypto Is In Its Crosshairs (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Operation Choke Point 2.0 Is Underway, And Crypto Is In Its Crosshairs (12 minute read)

This article looks at the state of crypto regulation and the direction it is moving in. The US government is attempting to ban crypto by using the banking sector to facilitate a crackdown against the crypto industry. Regulators have made it clear that public blockchains are unacceptably risky for a bank. This could lead to crypto businesses being denied access to banking services, stablecoins being unable to manage transfers to and from crypto, and exchanges being cut off from the banking system.

## Article 9
### [Three Arrows Capital Founders Launch Exchange Where You Can Trade 3AC Bankruptcy Claims (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Three Arrows Capital Founders Launch Exchange Where You Can Trade 3AC Bankruptcy Claims (1 minute read)

Open Exchange will be a place for trading the $20 billion market of claims against bankrupt crypto firms.

## Article 10
### [OP Drop #2 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OP Drop #2 (5 minute read)

11.7 million OP tokens will be distributed to over 300,000 addresses to reward positive-sum governance participation and power users of the Optimism Mainnet.

## Article 11
### [Celsius Faces E28098Looming Liquidity Cliff in JuneE28099, Says Creditors Committee (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Celsius Faces E28098Looming Liquidity Cliff in JuneE28099, Says Creditors Committee (3 minute read)

A motion was filed in late January asking the court to push the deadline for Celsius to submit a restructuring plan back to March 31.

