# Articles TLDR  28-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Say goodbye to tedious compliance tasks and scale securely with Drata (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Say goodbye to tedious compliance tasks and scale securely with Drata (Sponsor)

Single picture of compliance with 75+ SaaS integrations24/7 automated monitoring and evidence collectionActionable insights, alerts, and reports20+ auditor-approved security policiesWorld-class support from compliance expertsDrata is trusted by thousands for continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001, and HIPAA compliance. Join top companies like Notion, Lemonade, and BambooHR. Start with an exclusive offer for TLDR readers today!

## Article 2
### [Twitter says source code was leaked on GitHub, now itE28099s trying to find the culprit (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Twitter says source code was leaked on GitHub, now itE28099s trying to find the culprit (2 minute read)

Parts of Twitter's proprietary source code was leaked on GitHub. Twitter filed a DMCA request in order to take down the code, which may have been public for several months. Twitter has also filed a court request in California to find the person responsible and to gather data on GitHub users who may have downloaded the code. The court filing requests to reveal users' personal information, including names, addresses, emails, IP addresses, social media profiles, and telephone numbers. Twitter is reportedly making all code used to recommend tweets open source by March 31st.

## Article 3
### [Big tech and the pursuit of AI dominance (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Big tech and the pursuit of AI dominance (12 minute read)

A new wave of AI models is causing a frenzy of activity in the tech world. The contest for AI is heating up and it will change the way big tech deploys the technology. Tech giants have been working on AI for years and they have the data, computing power, and users to thrive in the age of AI and to become dominant in the industry. However, there are many examples of dominant companies in the past making missteps during periods of significant change and falling into bankruptcy or irrelevance.

## Article 4
### [ALOHA (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ALOHA (4 minute read)

ALOHA (A Low-cost Open-source HArdware System for Bimanual Teleoperation) is a bimanual teleoperation system that is simple, dependable, performant, and cost-effective. The system costs less than $20,000. ALOHA can perform precise, dynamic, and contact-rich tasks such as RAM insertion, juggling a ping pong ball, and putting on a shoe. The setup has been open-sourced along with a detailed tutorial. It is composed of off-the-shelf robots and 3D printed components. Kits are available for purchase.</span>

## Article 5
### [Elon MuskE28099s Neuralink seeking partner for clinical trials (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Elon MuskE28099s Neuralink seeking partner for clinical trials (2 minute read)

Neuralink has approached the Barrow Neurological Institute to potentially collaborate on clinical trials. NeuralinkE28099s goal is to develop brain implants for treating conditions like paralysis and blindness. To date, its devices and technology have only been tested on animals. Neuralink's application for human trials was allegedly rejected by the US Food and Drug Administration due to safety concerns. Barrow Neurological Institute is a prime candidate for conducting brain implant research due to its extensive experience in the field.

## Article 6
### [Cursor (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cursor (GitHub Repo)

Cursor is a new programming editor that uses AI to generate code. It offers a range of features, including assisting with code editing, fixing lint errors, generating tests, comments on hover, and more. Users can interact with Cursor through a ChatGPT-style interface that understands the content of the file they are working on.

## Article 7
### [AI-enhanced development makes me more ambitious with my projects (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI-enhanced development makes me more ambitious with my projects (11 minute read)

AI enables developers to undertake more ambitious projects. Tools like ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot save time and increase productivity. This lowers the threshold for investment in projects, making a wider range of projects viable for creators. This article contains several examples of projects that were made possible through AI.

## Article 8
### [The state of serverless: 9 insights from telemetry data (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The state of serverless: 9 insights from telemetry data (Sponsor)

Serverless has become a staple of cloud architecture. But how is it used in practice? Datadog examined telemetry data from thousands of companiesE28099 serverless applications, and identified key themes in how teams are using serverless today E28094 including meaningful differences between different cloud providers. Get the full trends report from Datadog

## Article 9
### [TechE28099s AI Armies Are Huge, Yet Struggling to Innovate (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TechE28099s AI Armies Are Huge, Yet Struggling to Innovate (9 minute read)

Silicon Valley's most significant firms have amassed large AI teams, yet lack innovative services with substantial impacts. While the industry's leading technology firms possess an estimated 33,000 people devoted to AI research and development, they have been slow and cautious in their approach to services featuring the technology. It took the launch of ChatGPT to prompt them into action. The larger tech firms' approach has highlighted the importance of careful exploration, but it also shows how caution can slow down progress.

## Article 10
### [Remofirst lets you employ talent in 150+ countries - affordably and legally (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Remofirst lets you employ talent in 150+ countries - affordably and legally (Sponsor)

Find out how Remofirst manages all of your international HR needs, at the best possible price, without needing additional entities. TLDR readers get 2 months free on their first EOR hires in any country.

## Article 11
### [Troubled Silicon Valley Bank Acquired by First Citizens (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Troubled Silicon Valley Bank Acquired by First Citizens (3 minute read)

SVB customers will automatically become First Citizens customers and former SVB branches will open as First Citizens branches on Monday.

## Article 12
### [WebKit Features in Safari 16.4 (38 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WebKit Features in Safari 16.4 (38 minute read)

Safari 16.4 includes 135 new web features and over 280 polish updates.

## Article 13
### [The Prospect of an AI Winter (20 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Prospect of an AI Winter (20 minute read)

There are many indicators that we are in a classic bubble scenario with AI, which could lead to an AI winter happening by 2030.

## Article 14
### [Here is the FBIE28099s Contract to Buy Mass Internet Data (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Here is the FBIE28099s Contract to Buy Mass Internet Data (4 minute read)

A company called Team Cymru obtains netflow data from ISPs which it then sells to the government.

## Article 15
### [Abalta Technologies - Android Application Developer (Fully Remote, $100,000 - $134,999)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Abalta Technologies - Android Application Developer (Fully Remote, $100,000 - $134,999)</span>

Abalta Technologies is hiring an Android Application Developer to design, develop, and integrate a customized application that runs on Android Automotive OS for a global leader in software design and development.

## Article 16
### [Republic - Vice President, People (New York City, New York, $200,000 - $250,000)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Republic - Vice President, People (New York City, New York, $200,000 - $250,000)

Republic is hiring a Vice President, People to be responsible for all aspects of building a best-in-class Human Resources strategy and department for a global financial technology company that allows anyone to invest in anything, anywhere.

