# Articles TLDR  25-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Infrastructure engineers just got their own Copilot (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Infrastructure engineers just got their own Copilot (Sponsor)

Finding the right cloud architecture for your use case takes time and research. Get to production faster with InfraCopilot E28094 an intelligent IaC editor that converts high-level descriptions into reliable implementations.Describe your use case and let InfraCopilot fill in the details and create a reference architecture.Rearchitect with confidence - InfraCopilot will adjust components and designs based on your changes.Export a deployable version of your architecture in two clicks (Terraform, Pulumi, CDK).Free text + visual editing.Sync with GitHub.InfraCopilot is free (for now). Try it

## Article 2
### [Tailwind UIE28099s biggest update ever + a free new changelog template (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tailwind UIE28099s biggest update ever + a free new changelog template (5 minute read)

Tailwind UI introduces one of their biggest updates yet, with a redesign of hundreds of components. They have also added new examples and more dark variations. At the same time, theyE28099ve also released Commit, a modern changelog template built with Tailwind CSS and Next.js.

## Article 3
### [Bullet Train (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bullet Train (GitHub Repository)

Bullet Train is an open-source Ruby on Rails SaaS framework designed to speed up development since it comes with basic features common to every SaaS, such as user authentication and real-time server-side reactivity.

## Article 4
### [CSS to Tailwind (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CSS to Tailwind (GitHub Repository)

CSS to Tailwind is an open-source tool that converts CSS code to Tailwind CSS syntax instantly.

## Article 5
### [Quality Cultures Are Often Products Of Developer Disobedience (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Quality Cultures Are Often Products Of Developer Disobedience (3 minute read)

An engineering culture that promotes and emphasizes software quality is rare. However, a E2809Cquality cultureE2809D starts from the bottom, from the engineers themselves. This is often at odds with the actual culture of the organization or company. This article delves into how a quality culture is built and how a developer can build one at his own team, organization, or company.

## Article 6
### [Leverage the richness of HTTP status codes (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Leverage the richness of HTTP status codes (5 minute read)

Many REST APIs stick to using basic status codes, such as 200, 404, and 500. While many discussions about REST focus on entities and methods, using the correct response status codes can make your API stand out.

## Article 7
### [Defining Serverless Databases as a Service (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Defining Serverless Databases as a Service (7 minute read)

Selecting the right cloud database for your application is a critical and progressively more intricate decision as more database solutions emerge. This article defines serverless databases as a service, which eliminates the need for developers to manage database clusters, allows control over scaling, and lets them perform analysis of resources.

## Article 8
### [The difference between E2809CassignmentE2809D and E2809CmutationE2809D in JavaScript (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The difference between E2809CassignmentE2809D and E2809CmutationE2809D in JavaScript (12 minute read)

The E28098constE28099 keyword in JavaScript can be much more than what meets the eye, especially when it comes to immutability. Sometimes, this causes unexpected side effects in our code. This article takes a deep dive into the differences between assignment and mutation in JavaScript.

## Article 9
### [Nylas: A communications platform giving developers access to email, calendar, and contacts providers through a single API integration (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nylas: A communications platform giving developers access to email, calendar, and contacts providers through a single API integration (Sponsor)

Users want seamless experiences. Give them what theyE28099re after and accelerate product velocity with Nylas: A single API platform to connect to your usersE28099 emails, calendars, and contacts. Build customizable email and scheduling capabilities, engage users, and create remarkable personalized experiences. Nylas is trusted by Wix, Upwork, and 250,000+ developers worldwide.Start building with the free-forever tier (no CC required)

## Article 10
### [Building a new platform for Snowflake documentation (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building a new platform for Snowflake documentation (5 minute read)

The team at Snowflake recently built a new documentation site. The site both restructured how information is organized and enhanced the user experience, leading to positive feedback. They lay out the challenges and solutions they faced while building out this new platform.

## Article 11
### [How to conduct an effective design retrospective (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to conduct an effective design retrospective (10 minute read)

Conducting a successful retrospective where many changes have been made can be tricky, especially when multiple parties are involved. This blog post walks through how to conduct an effective design retrospective, what tools and processes to use, and how to make everyone feel heard.

## Article 12
### [Google Authenticator now supports Google Account synchronization (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Authenticator now supports Google Account synchronization (2 minute read)

Google Authenticator now has the ability to safely backup your one-time codes (also known as one-time passwords or OTPs) to your Google Account.

## Article 13
### [E28098Delete ActE28099 Seeks to Give Californians More Power to Block Data Tracking (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E28098Delete ActE28099 Seeks to Give Californians More Power to Block Data Tracking (4 minute read)</a>
The E28098Delete ActE28099 is a new California bill proposed that will let Californians who want to control access to their personal information to be able to hit the E2809CdeleteE2809D button when it comes to a data brokerE28099s ability to collect and maintain information on them.

## Article 14
### [How Google is using fonts to track what you do online (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Google is using fonts to track what you do online (3 minute read)

GoogleE28099s free fonts are used by at least 60 million websites. Each font helps gather user information for Google whenever a website uses it.

