# Articles TLDR  18-01-2023

## Article 1
### [TLDR Crypto is a hiring a part time curator (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TLDR Crypto is a hiring a part time curator (Sponsor)

I am looking for someone who works full time in crypto and spends a ton of time on Crypto Twitter to help me curate this newsletter. You will work closely with me to determine what goes in the newsletter each day, with a time commitment of roughly 10-15 hours/week. More details here.

## Article 2
### [Congress' FTX Problem: 1 in 3 Members Got Cash From Crypto Exchange's Bosses (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Congress' FTX Problem: 1 in 3 Members Got Cash From Crypto Exchange's Bosses (14 minute read)

More than one in three senators and representatives in US Congress received campaign support from FTX. 196 out of the 535 members of congress received funds from Sam Bankman-Fried or other FTX senior executives. Most of the politicians have stated that they will hand the funds over to charities, while others will set aside the money until it can be dropped into a fund to compensate FTX victims. Making payments or donations to third parties with funds received from FTX will not prevent FTX debtors from seeking recovery.

## Article 3
### [Polygon Completes Hard Fork to Reduce Gas Fee Spikes, Disruptive Reorgs (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Polygon Completes Hard Fork to Reduce Gas Fee Spikes, Disruptive Reorgs (2 minute read)

Polygon successfully completed a hard fork on Tuesday. The fork was designed to reduce spiking gas fees and disruptive chain reorganizations. The proposal for the fork was passed with only 15 validator teams taking part in the voting process. Polygon's native token MATIC is up nearly 15% over the past week.

## Article 4
### [Coinbase-Backed DeSo DEX Launches as WorldE28099s Fastest On-Chain Order Book Exchange (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase-Backed DeSo DEX Launches as WorldE28099s Fastest On-Chain Order Book Exchange (3 minute read)

DeSo is a blockchain backed by Coinbase, Sequoia, and Andreessen Horowitz. The project has just launched DeSo DEX, a fully on-chain orderbook exchange that is capable of processing 40,000 matches per second. DeSo also recently launched Openfund, a cross-chain platform that allows founders and builders to raise funds from anyone. Secondary trading of Openfund tokens is allowed on DeSo DEX.

## Article 5
### [Alchemy's Q4 2022 report (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alchemy's Q4 2022 report (3 minute read)

Alchemy's Q4 2022 report analyzes over 10 million data points across chains, dApps, and code repos from the last three months. It covers the state of web3 development. There were 453% more smart contracts deployed in Q4 than in Q3 last year. Despite ETH prices falling, the number of active developers skyrocketed.

## Article 6
### [Time for the 4th annual Electric Capital Developer Report! (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Time for the 4th annual Electric Capital Developer Report! (8 minute read)

There were 61,000 new developers touching crypto code in 2022. Over 100,000 developers have contributed to crypto code since 2021. Growth is slower compared to 2020 or 2021, but it is consistent with the prior bear cycle. While prices are at 2018 levels, the developer ecosystem is significantly bigger. Many ecosystems that barely existed in 2018 are sizable now.

## Article 7
### [What is Agoric and what makes it different? (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What is Agoric and what makes it different? (4 minute read)

Agoric is a generalized smart contract platform built with the Cosmos SDK. It uses a modified version of Javascript called Hardened Javascript to create secure and composable DeFi protocols. Agoric uses a two-token model to secure the network and pay for computational resources. The project aims to gain market share by targeting the large number of Javascript devs.

## Article 8
### [Introducing Den (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing Den (7 minute read)</a>
Den is a multisig protocol for on-chain teams built on Safe. It was built to solve problems that the ConstitutionDAO team experienced when signing transactions. Coordinating signers is hard, understanding transactions can be difficult, and creating transactions can be very complicated. Den can automatically coordinate signers, decode transactions into human-readable information, and help create transactions intuitively.

## Article 9
### [CryptoE28099s Section 230: A Policy Platform for DAOs (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CryptoE28099s Section 230: A Policy Platform for DAOs (9 minute read)

A Section 230 for crypto would seek to protect organizational creativity but take steps to minimize harm from abusers.

