# Articles TLDR  24-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Instagram founders launch personalized news app (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Instagram founders launch personalized news app (4 minute read)

Artifact, the personalized news reader built by InstagramE28099s co-founders, is now open to the public, no sign-up required. At the core of Artifact is algorithms and machine learning technology that is used to create a curated set of news articles for each user based on how they engage with the appE28099s content. The founders hint at using Transformers as the core piece of technology behind their AI.

## Article 2
### [Tome raises $43m series B for AI powered story telling (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Tome raises $43m series B for AI powered story telling (3 minute read)

## Article 3
### [APIs are the Future of Chatbots (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 APIs are the Future of Chatbots (5 minute read)

## Article 4
### [Latent Video Diffusion Models (21 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Latent Video Diffusion Models (21 minute read)

One of the main bottlenecks of generative video work is the inability of current methods to scale to the massive number of frames or maintain temporal consistency in generation. This work tries to solve both problems at the same time by working in a projective latent space. They obtain impressive FID scores on standard benchmarks and have fun videos on their project page.

## Article 5
### [New (theoretically motivated) sampler for diffusion models dramatically improves quality (28 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New (theoretically motivated) sampler for diffusion models dramatically improves quality (28 minute read)

By building on the fascinating E2809Cscore basedE2809D interpretation of diffusion models, this work investigates why diffusion models fail at various tasks that require composition. They determine that the sampler, and not the underlying model, must be the source of error. They then propose a new energy-based parameterization and Metropolis-corrected sampler. They show strong improvement on a variety of tough tasks. Also, as a smaller win, they have a nice background section on all these topics!

## Article 6
### [Modular Deep Learning: A Solution to Developing Models for Multiple Tasks (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Modular Deep Learning: A Solution to Developing Models for Multiple Tasks (30 minute read)

Modular deep learning has emerged as a promising solution for developing models that specialize in multiple tasks without incurring negative interference and that generalize systematically to non-identically distributed tasks. This article provides a survey of modular architectures, explores various additional purposes of modularity, and reports various concrete applications where modularity has been successfully deployed.

## Article 7
### [A Study of Prompt Tuning, In-Context Learning, and Instruction Prompt Tuning (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Study of Prompt Tuning, In-Context Learning, and Instruction Prompt Tuning (12 minute read)

The article discusses the use of parameter-efficient adaptation methods such as prompt tuning (PT), in-context learning (ICL), and instruction prompt tuning (IPT) for fine-tuning large language models. The paper empirically studies when and how in-context examples improve prompt tuning, and observes that IPT does not always outperform PT, PT is unstable, and prompts learned for a specific source task via PT exhibit positive transfer when paired with in-context examples of a different target task.

## Article 8
### [Papers on the UX of AI programming assistants (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Papers on the UX of AI programming assistants (2 minute read)

It could be argued that in addition to the powerful model, co-pilotE28099s success is because of the innovative user experience. In any case, this page provides a list of papers that study the effectiveness of different choices on users of programming assistant tools.

## Article 9
### [Vid2Avatar: Learning Human Avatars from Monocular In-The-Wild Videos (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vid2Avatar: Learning Human Avatars from Monocular In-The-Wild Videos (4 minute read)

The article presents a method called Vid2Avatar, which learns human avatars from monocular in-the-wild videos without the need for ground truth supervision, external segmentation modules, or priors extracted from large datasets. The method solves the task of surface reconstruction and scene decomposition by jointly modeling the human and background in the scene using two separate neural fields.

## Article 10
### [MochiDiffusion (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MochiDiffusion (GitHub Repo)

This app brings stable diffusion to Macs. This app uses Apple's Core ML Stable Diffusion implementation to achieve maximum performance and speed on Apple Silicon based Macs while reducing memory requirements. It also runs on Intel based Macs too.

## Article 11
### [How Nvidia dominated AI - and plans to keep it that way (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Nvidia dominated AI - and plans to keep it that way (8 minute read)

Since the creation of AlexNet in 2012, GPUs have been the primary work horse for AI. Nvidia has made many savvy strategic moves in both hardware and software that have positioned them to be one of the biggest winners in the recent generative AI boom. Their chips power a large majority of all exciting AI applications today with little signs of slowing down. This article is a nice history of some of the key players and decisions they made that lead to their current (and hopefully future) success.</span>

## Article 12
### [Intro To Data-Centric AI (Online Course)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Intro To Data-Centric AI (Online Course)

This is the first-ever course that merges the intersection between data science and AI/ML. Data-Centric AI (DCAI) is an emerging science that studies techniques to improve datasets, which is often the best way to improve performance in practical ML applications. While good data scientists have long practiced this manually via ad hoc trial/error and intuition, DCAI considers the improvement of data as a systematic engineering discipline.

## Article 13
### [How I Broke Into A Bank Account With An AI-Generated Voice (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How I Broke Into A Bank Account With An AI-Generated Voice (5 minute read)

Banks use Voice ID to protect accounts, but as this article shows, AI-generated voices throw a wrench into these plans.

## Article 14
### [Mind-Controlled AI RoboDogs (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mind-Controlled AI RoboDogs (2 minute read)</span>

The Australian military is testing an AI E2809Cbrain robotic interfaceE2809D to control E2809CrobodogsE2809D synced with troopersE28099 minds.

## Article 15
### [Should AI Chatbots Have Robot Rights? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Should AI Chatbots Have Robot Rights? (8 minute read)

This article is an interview with Professor David Gunkel discussing what rights, if any, should AI chatbots have.

