# Articles TLDR  26-01-2023

## Article 1
### [The Unknown Hedge Fund That Got $400 Million From Sam Bankman-Fried (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Unknown Hedge Fund That Got $400 Million From Sam Bankman-Fried (10 minute read)

FTX transferred $400 million to a new and obscure trading firm called Modulo Capital before its collapse in November. Modulo was founded in March and was operating out of the same Bahamian compound where Sam Bankman-Fried lived. It has no public profile or track record. Modulo is currently under investigation by federal prosecutors in relation to FTX's collapse. FTX's new management is focusing on recovering assets from Modulo as they try to recoup the money lost when the exchange failed.

## Article 2
### [Ethereum NFT Hit Doodles Will Launch Doodles 2 on Flow Blockchain (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum NFT Hit Doodles Will Launch Doodles 2 on Flow Blockchain (4 minute read)

Popular Ethereum NFT project Doodles is moving to the Flow blockchain. Flow is best known for its sports NFT projects like NBA Top Shot and NFL All Day. Doodles 2 will retain the artist and cartoonish style of the original series but will be expanded to include millions of NFTs instead of the 10,000 avatars in the first Doodles series. NFT owners will be allowed to customize their avatar's appearance. Doodles will also release digital wearable items for the NFT avatars through limited-edition real-world drops tied to specific events and brand collaborations.

## Article 3
### [Celsius Hints at New Token Launch as Part of Restructuring Plan (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Celsius Hints at New Token Launch as Part of Restructuring Plan (3 minute read)

Celsius is considering issuing a new crypto token as part of a plan to raise funds and repay its creditors. The company's attorney has stated that a publicly-traded company, such as a revived Celsius, would be able to raise more money for creditors than simply selling Celsius' limited assets at current prices. The proposed reorganization plan has been discussed with creditor groups and will be voted on, although the vote will not be binding. If the court approves the plan, the new company's assets would include a portfolio of loans and other investments.

## Article 4
### [The $DYDX tokenomics model is broken (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The $DYDX tokenomics model is broken (6 minute read)

The dYdX tokenomics model is broken as revenues flow to dYdX Trading instead of to tokenholders, there is high inflation and large upcoming releases of tokens, and the launch of version 4 of the platform has been delayed. This Twitter thread looks at these problems and suggests solutions. The dYdX tokenomics model can be fixed by recognizing the importance of good tokenomics in encouraging tokenholders to use the platform, reducing unnecessary incentives and instead promoting sustainable growth, and distributing fees to the DAO ahead of V4 to align tokenholders and diversify the treasury.

## Article 5
### [Here's the current state of RWAs to help you catch the wave (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Here's the current state of RWAs to help you catch the wave (8 minute read)

This article discusses the current state of Real World Assets in DeFi. Of the top 10 lending protocols based on 180-day cumulative interest fees paid by users, four of them are RWA lending protocols. MakerDAO is generating 57% of its total revenue from RWAs. RWAs have the potential to increase the DeFi market size from tens of billions of dollars to trillions of dollars. The top RWA protocol tokens currently have a circulating market cap of below $100 million.

## Article 6
### [Kevin Rose Says NFT Wallet With Dozens of High-Value Collectibles Hacked (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Kevin Rose Says NFT Wallet With Dozens of High-Value Collectibles Hacked (4 minute read)

On Wednesday, Kevin Rose, the CEO and co-founder of PROOF, announced that his personal wallet had been compromised. The hacker stole 40 NFTs valued at millions of dollars. Rose explained that he was tricked into signing a malicious signature, which allowed the hacker to transfer a large number of high-value tokens from his wallet. He says that assets owned by PROOF remain secure as any transfer from the PROOF collective requires multiple signatures.

## Article 7
### [Why Is Crypto Bouncing Back? (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why Is Crypto Bouncing Back? (9 minute read)

Crypto assets have performed well in 2023. The argument for a crypto market bottom is that negative players and their impact on leverage have been removed. Crypto assets have overall seen steady growth despite volatility. While there are regulatory risks, this trend is expected to continue. This article discusses potential reasons for the current rise in crypto and examines the economic conditions in the US, EU, and China.

## Article 8
### [DYDX Token Surges 21% as Report Says Token Unlock Delayed Until December (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DYDX Token Surges 21% as Report Says Token Unlock Delayed Until December (3 minute read)

Plans to release more than 150 million tokens to early investors and the dYdX founding team have been delayed from February 3 to December.

