# Articles TLDR  23-03-2023

## Article 1
### [GitHub Copilot X (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GitHub Copilot X (3 minute read)</a>
New conversational interface, GPT-4 upgrade, bug fix suggestions, documentation writing, and automatic pull requests are coming to Copilot. These launches are the next step in GitHubE28099s goal to become the developer toolkit powerhouse.

## Article 2
### [Google and Microsoft chatbots are citing one another in a misinformation showdown (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google and Microsoft chatbots are citing one another in a misinformation showdown (3 minute read)

The rushed launch of AI chatbots by big tech companies such as Microsoft, Google, and OpenAI risks degrading the web's information ecosystem, according to an opinion piece in The Verge. The author cites an example of Microsoft's Bing chatbot mistakenly stating that Google's Bard chatbot had been shut down, citing a tweet, a Hacker News comment, and fake news as evidence. The article suggests that the inability of AI language models to sort fact from fiction threatens to unleash a trail of misinformation and mistrust across the web, and that the companies' disclaimers of the bots being experiments are a flimsy defense.

## Article 3
### [Data Deduplication for the rest of us (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Data Deduplication for the rest of us (30 minute read)

There have been many papers arguing both sides of the debate around the usefulness of data deduplication. It seems, in any case, that training on the same data point 300,000+ times is wasteful. A simple deduplication technique here is to embed your data points, cluster into k (e.g., 10k clusters), then remove a subset that has really high cosine similarity with other data points. This technique seems robust to the choice of embedding and the number of clusters, as long as the clusters are high enough. It also works across modalities.

## Article 4
### [Text to Room (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Text to Room (4 minute read)

There has never been a community more interested in interior design than the generative AI community currently is. This work fits in well with the current trend. There are a lot of novel tweaks they needed to do to make the entire 3D space align with the prompt. In all, very interesting work for 3D asset generation.

## Article 5
### [FreeDoM: A Training-Free Conditional Diffusion Model (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FreeDoM: A Training-Free Conditional Diffusion Model (15 minute read)

The article presents FreeDoM, a training-free conditional diffusion model that leverages off-the-shelf pretrained networks to construct time-independent energy functions, enabling effective generation for various conditions. The proposed method offers advantages in simplicity, effectiveness, and low cost and has a broader range of applications than existing training-free methods, as demonstrated by experiments on diverse data domains, including image and latent code domains.

## Article 6
### [ChatLlama (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatLlama (Website)

A nice wrapper interface around the instruction tuned Alpaca model. Only the 7B model is available, with others coming. While the quality doesnE28099t match ChatGPT it is a fun open alternative with linked code.

## Article 7
### [Generative models for medical (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative models for medical (GitHub Repo)

A good step towards evaluation, creation, and curation of generative models for a wide variety of tasks with a specific focus on medical. This project aims to assist by building tools for generative medical tasks and comes with metrics and tutorials to help you get started.</span>

## Article 8
### [Is AI the next tech monopoly? (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is AI the next tech monopoly? (15 minute read)

Due to the enormous capital requirements of building some of these AI systems, itE28099s not clear that they will serve to disrupt and bring innovation in the way people hope. They are hard to replicate and opaque, but may serve as the foundation upon which a huge number of companies are built.

## Article 9
### [Mozilla Launches New Startup Focused On Trustworthy AI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mozilla Launches New Startup Focused On Trustworthy AI (3 minute read)

Mozilla, the developers of the Firefox browser, are launching an AI startup to build an AI that is open-source and E2809Ctrustworthy.E2809D Called Mozilla.ai, the newly forged companyE28099s mission isnE28099t to build just any AI E28094 its mission is to build AI thatE28099s open source and E2809Ctrustworthy,E2809D according to Mark Surman, the executive president of Mozilla and the head of Mozilla.ai.

## Article 10
### [Morgan Stanely and OpenAI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Morgan Stanely and OpenAI (3 minute read)

Morgan Stanley is using OpenAI's GPT-4 to power an internal chatbot that helps wealth management personnel locate relevant information. The vast amount of information on investment strategies, market research, and analyst insights is housed across many internal sites, largely in PDF form, requiring advisors to scan through a great deal of information to find answers to specific questions. The model will perform a comprehensive search of wealth management content and "effectively unlocks the cumulative knowledge of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management."

## Article 11
### [Video Game Developer Ubisoft Is Using AI To Write Dialogue (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Video Game Developer Ubisoft Is Using AI To Write Dialogue (1 minute read)

Ubisoft, the publisher of the popular video game Assassin's Creed, is now using an AI tool called Ghostwriter to help write dialogue for its games.

## Article 12
### [Next.js ChatGPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Next.js ChatGPT (GitHub Repo)

Next.js ChatGPT is a responsible chat application powered by GPT-4.

