# Articles TLDR Web Dev 07-09-2023

## Article 1
### [Segment for free? Yes please! Check if youE28099re eligible (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Segment for free? Yes please! Check if youE28099re eligible (Sponsor)

If youE28099ve ever had to deal with customer data, youE28099ve probably run into Segment. You might know that SegmentE280A6F09F998C simplifies tracking (client and server-side), so you donE28099t need to log every event with 8 different tools
F09F92AA empowers marketing to install tools without bugging a developer (crazy we know)
E29BBD pumps data from various tools into others (e.g., Intercom E28792 Mixpanel)
E280A6.but what you probably DONE28099T know is that if youE28099re an early stage startup, you can get Segment for free.
Yep, you read that right. The ultimate analytics setup, free, for up to two years. And thereE28099s loads of other perks.
Why are you still reading this? Go check if youE28099re eligible</p>

## Article 2
### [Four common types of code coverage (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Four common types of code coverage (8 minute read)

Code coverage is a metric that measures the percentage of source code your tests execute. It helps you identify areas that may lack proper testing. This article is a deep dive into the importance of code coverage in tests and four common ways to measure it: function coverage, line coverage, branch coverage, and statement coverage.

## Article 3
### [Tailwind CSS? IE28099ll pass (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tailwind CSS? IE28099ll pass (6 minute read)

Tailwind CSS stands out as the fastest-growing CSS library to date. It has swiftly become an essential tool for front-end developers. However, Tailwind CSS should be reserved for extensive, intricate projects undertaken by developers and companies. For shorter projects, it's advisable to adhere to conventional CSS. This prevents your CSS skills from weakening and stops you from becoming overly reliant on shortcut frameworks.

## Article 4
### [RecipeUI (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RecipeUI (Website)</a>
RecipeUI is an open source Postman alternative with type safety built in. It helps you catch your API requests before they fail with TypeScript and autocomplete. RecipeUI can also enhance your workflows with auto-generated docs and reusable API templates.

## Article 5
### [Neboa (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Neboa (GitHub Repo)

Neboa is a simple yet powerful type-safe NoSQL database library for Node.js. It offers seamless data management with compile-time type-checking for enhanced reliability. Leveraging SQLite, Neboa ensures efficient and lightweight performance, making it perfect for Electron and other platforms.

## Article 6
### [Textbase (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Textbase (GitHub Repo)

A simple framework for building AI chatbots in Python. All you need is to implement an on_message function and everything else just works.

## Article 7
### [How to win your first 10 B2B Customers  (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to win your first 10 B2B Customers  (25 minute read)

This article presents seven strategies for winning your first 10 B2B customers, drawing inspiration from an array of successful B2B startups like Notion, Slack, Retool, and Canva. A majority of the startups this article looked into used personal or investor networks. Cold outreach also proved to work for those who are creative and strategic. Community, online following, and press are not as widely used. The article goes into detail about each of the strategies as well as how to adopt them.

## Article 8
### [Finding users for your project (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Finding users for your project (7 minute read)

There are a few actionable steps to finding users for your open source project. First, you need to spread the word. Then, figure out your message. Help people find and follow your project. Lastly, go to where your users are, both offline and online, and build a reputation amongst them.

## Article 9
### [Default composer (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Default composer (GitHub Repo)

A tiny (~500B) JavaScript library that allows you to set default values for nested objects.

## Article 10
### [How to pass a component as a prop in React (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to pass a component as a prop in React (4 minute read)

To pass a component as a prop in React, you can use JSX, a component, native tags, and more.

## Article 11
### [New open-source E2809CFalconE2809D AI languages model overtakes Meta and Google (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New open-source E2809CFalconE2809D AI languages model overtakes Meta and Google (5 minute read)

Meta's massive 70-billion parameter LLaMA 2 has been outflanked by the newly released 180-billion parameter Falcon Large Language Model.

