# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-04-2023

## Article 1
### [The interactive guide to rendering in React (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The interactive guide to rendering in React (10 minute read)

React is generally a simple model to understand, where a view is a function of the state. However, there is one concept that is harder to understand: rendering. Exactly when and how does React update the view? This interactive guide makes understanding React rendering simple.

## Article 2
### [Scaling a monolith with 5 different patterns (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scaling a monolith with 5 different patterns (7 minute read)

When it comes to scaling a monolith, the first thought is usually to move to microservices. However, there are other things you can do to make your existing monolith scale.

## Article 3
### [Inconsistent JavaScript imports can lead to duplicate code (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inconsistent JavaScript imports can lead to duplicate code (3 minute read)

Sometimes, importing the same package in different ways can lead to duplicate code. This leads to increased bundle sizes and potentially worse performance. This article lays out a simple way to identify and fix such a problem in a codebase.

## Article 4
### [Hotspot performance engineering fails (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hotspot performance engineering fails (4 minute read)

Most software developers believe that to improve performance in an application, an audit can be done to find performance bottlenecks. In theory, each application has such bottlenecks that improve performance dramatically when solved. However, this article lists out various reasons why this case isnE28099t usually true.

## Article 5
### [How the Agile Manifesto changed nothing (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How the Agile Manifesto changed nothing (6 minute read)

Written in 2001, the Agile Manifesto outlined the engineering processes for an ideal, lean, and efficient software organization. It encompassed engineering processes like test often, ship working code, and integrate continuously. However, while Agile was adopted widely across the industry, the author argues that many companies have missed the mark with what the Agile Manifesto was really about.

## Article 6
### [React Hotkeys Hook (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 React Hotkeys Hook (GitHub Repository)

React Hotkeys Hook is a React hook for using keyboard shortcuts in components in a declarative way.

## Article 7
### [Next Route Visualizer (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Next Route Visualizer (GitHub Repository)

Next Route Visualizer is designed to display the routes for the E28098appE28099 directory of Next.js 13 in a visual tree-like fashion. This package aims to help developers better understand the routes in their Next.js app directory by providing a clear visual representation of the routes and their relationships. This package can be useful if you are new to the Next.js 13E28099s new E28098appE28099 directory and need to visualize it.

## Article 8
### [What developers need to know about generative AI (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What developers need to know about generative AI (9 minute read)

GitHub provides an overview of generative AI tasks, such as code, image, and data generation. It also explains how the foundations of generative AI, such as LLMs and GANs, work and lays out example applications across fields like finance, healthcare, gaming, and more.

## Article 9
### [The future of programming: Research at CHI 2023 (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The future of programming: Research at CHI 2023 (4 minute read)

CHI 2023 is a conference for leading human-computer interaction research. This blog post lists some interesting papers related to programming, such as visual methods to debug better.

## Article 10
### [Learn WebGPU (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Learn WebGPU (Website)</a>
This documentation walks you through the use of the WebGPU graphics API to create native 3D applications in C++ from scratch, for Windows, Linux, and macOS.

## Article 11
### [WhatE28099s new in Chrome DevTools 113 (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WhatE28099s new in Chrome DevTools 113 (4 minute read)

Chrome 113E28099s DevTools come with a host of new features, but the biggest feature is the long-requested ability to override network response headers. With response header overrides, you can locally prototype fixes for various headers, such as CORS headers.

## Article 12
### [Brave Search removes last remnant of Bing from search results page (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Brave Search removes last remnant of Bing from search results page (4 minute read)

Every Web search result seen in Brave Search is now served by BraveE28099s own index. They have removed all search API calls to Bing, which previously represented about 7% of query results.</span>

