# Articles TLDR Web Dev 09-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Advanced Prompt Engineering (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Advanced Prompt Engineering (10 minute read)

Better prompting of LLMs leads to better responses. There are some advanced prompt engineering techniques for when few-shot learning isnE28099t enough. This article explores techniques to allow LLMs to access an external knowledge database, enable logical reasoning, and provide memory to an LLM to store and access prior chat history.

## Article 2
### [The safest way to hide your API keys when using React (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The safest way to hide your API keys when using React (9 minute read)

Hiding your API keys can sometimes be tricky when environment variables arenE28099t available. This article explores the best practices to hide your API keys through methods like backend proxy servers and key management services.

## Article 3
### [Pull to refresh from scratch as a React hook (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pull to refresh from scratch as a React hook (8 minute read)

The "pull to refresh" is a ubiquitous mobile UI pattern where a user pulls the page down and triggers the page refresh. This tutorial goes through the implementation steps of pull-to-refresh as a hook in React.

## Article 4
### [Breadth vs. Depth, in which Dave supports job hopping (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Breadth vs. Depth, in which Dave supports job hopping (12 minute read)

We are often told to specialize in one thing, but does the same apply in software? Dave Anderson, an ex-Amazon director, argues that employees with a wide breadth of knowledge have more opportunities and are less prone to risk compared to those specialized in a small subset of tools.

## Article 5
### [The D.E.N.N.I.S. system: RC3A9sumC3A9 tips for Senior Devs (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The D.E.N.N.I.S. system: RC3A9sumC3A9 tips for Senior Devs (4 minute read)

A hiring manager breaks down 6 principles to designing a good dev resume, such as ways to show that one drove initiatives at a company. He also gives some career advice to developers that are on their way to being a senior dev, such as focusing on impact and discouraging multiple short stints at companies.

## Article 6
### [How to develop an innovation culture (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to develop an innovation culture (4 minute read)

Big Tech companies tend to thrive through their innovative work culture. This article explains what innovative culture means and looks at how companies can prioritize innovation culture through hiring, leading, collaborating and focusing. It also examines the challenges that come with such culture.

## Article 7
### [GitHub code search is generally available (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GitHub code search is generally available (3 minute read)

GitHubE28099s new code search and code view are now generally available to all users on GitHub.com. This comes with three powerful new capabilities. First, an entirely redesigned search interface, with suggestions, completions, and the ability to slice and dice the results. Second, a new code search engine, built completely from scratch. And third, a total redesign of GitHubE28099s code view, tightly integrating search, browsing, and code navigation.

## Article 8
### [Unlighthouse (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unlighthouse (Website)

Unlighthouse scans your entire site using Google Lighthouse, with a modern UI, minimal config and smart sampling. It takes two minutes on average and is open source.

## Article 9
### [Ink (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ink (GitHub Repo)

Ink is React for interactive command-line apps. It provides the same component-based UI building experience that React offers in the browser, but for command-line apps. It uses Yoga to build Flexbox layouts in the terminal, so most CSS-like props are available in Ink as well.

## Article 10
### [What is there to learn from the Prime Video microservices to monolith story (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What is there to learn from the Prime Video microservices to monolith story (4 minute read)

The Prime Video team followed a E2809CServerless FirstE2809D path, where the first try at building something is put together with Step Functions and Lambda calls. They state in the blog that this was quick to build, which is the point. When exploring how to construct something, building a prototype in a few days or weeks is a good approach. In contrast to commentary along the lines that Amazon got it wrong, the team followed what the author considers to be the best practice as a switch to a monolithic architecture is the logical next step after a fast prototype needs to scale.

## Article 11
### [The European Network Usage Fees proposal is about much more than a fight between Big Tech and Big European telcos (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The European Network Usage Fees proposal is about much more than a fight between Big Tech and Big European telcos (7 minute read)

In the EU, telcos are complaining about the investments they need to make to maintain the current network infrastructure. This is sparking a debate to make changes to the network charging fee, which may give Big Tech content a fast lane at the expense of giving a slow lane to everyone else.

## Article 12
### [50+ ChatGPT prompts for web developers (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 50+ ChatGPT prompts for web developers (8 minute read)

This article details over 50 practical prompt templates for web developers to develop more efficiently. ItE28099s not limited to E2809Cgenerate a JavaScript function that does xE2809D, but also looks at interesting use cases like code review & refactor, debugging, SEO, and more.

## Article 13
### [The truth behind technical decisions in Big Tech companies (Twitter thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The truth behind technical decisions in Big Tech companies (Twitter thread)

In Big Tech companies, technical decisions are often more nuanced than many engineers realize and are not always based on pure technical merit. An engineer posts a list of anecdotes of technical decisions that didnE28099t just have tech itself play a role.

