# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Payments 101 for a developer (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Payments 101 for a developer (12 minute read)

This article goes over the basics of online payments, implementation details, terminology, and more. ItE28099s designed to be a simple introduction to the core concepts that a developer needs to understand payments.

## Article 2
### [Factors to consider in database selection (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Factors to consider in database selection (9 minute read)</span>

There are a couple of critical factors to consider when selecting a database, such as scalability, performance, data consistency, and data model schema. This article compares how SQL, NoSQL, and time-series databases differ in these factors and what questions you should ask yourself for each of these axes.

## Article 3
### [Breaking the monolith: A comprehensive guide to code splitting techniques (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Breaking the monolith: A comprehensive guide to code splitting techniques (14 minute read)

## Article 4
### [What is the Spotify model in Agile? (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What is the Spotify model in Agile? (6 minute read)

Spotify's unique approach to enhancing team agility is a key part of its success. The company's Agile model, known as the "Spotify model," was first heard in 2012 and has since become wildly popular. This blog explains how the Spotify Agile model works and gives a step-by-step instruction on implementing it in your organization.

## Article 5
### [Why is OAuth still hard in 2023? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why is OAuth still hard in 2023? (8 minute read)

OAuth is a common need for most web applications, yet it is still difficult to properly implement even today. This article lays out the problems with modern OAuth in detail.

## Article 6
### [Contracts you should never sign (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Contracts you should never sign (7 minute read)

When it comes to software engineering and the IT industry in general, contracts are a necessary part of doing business. In this article, the author shares his experience with various contracts and legal documents. He lists out types of contracts he recommends a developer should not sign, such as an employee contract that contains any form of a non-compete clause.

## Article 7
### [Nango (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nango (GitHub Repository)

Nango is a service that simplifies OAuth implementation by containing everything you need to work with APIs that use OAuth. It contains a full OAuth dance for 90+ APIs, a frontend SDK to trigger new OAuth flows, a backend SDK and REST API to retrieve fresh access tokens for your API calls, and lastly, a proxy to both authenticate and perform authenticated requests to an API.

## Article 8
### [Pythagora (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pythagora (GitHub Repository)</span>

Pythagora lets developers generate integration tests for their Node.js apps by recording server activity without writing a single line of code.

## Article 9
### [Tuql (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tuql (GitHub Repository)

Tuql is a simple tool that turns a formatted SQLite database into a GraphQL endpoint. It tries to infer relationships between objects, currently supporting belongsTo, hasMany and belongsToMany. It also forms the basic mutations necessary to create, update, and delete objects, as well as associate many-to-many relationships.

## Article 10
### [The potentially dangerous non-accessibility of cookie notices (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The potentially dangerous non-accessibility of cookie notices (12 minute read)

Cookies are part of the web now, but they come with potential web accessibility law violations. This article discusses some cookie banner error patterns that can massively hurt a pageE28099s overall conformance and explores what to look out for with this omnipresent piece of the web interface.

## Article 11
### [Misaligned incentives in Dev Tool businesses (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Misaligned incentives in Dev Tool businesses (4 minute read)

Developer tool businesses with misaligned incentives can lead to software bloat and product degradation. Aligned incentives lead to good outcomes, and everything else is a problem waiting to happen. This article talks about the power of aligned incentives and how thinking about them ahead of time can be valuable to a businessE28099s success.

## Article 12
### [How Obsidian improved my organization at work and at home (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Obsidian improved my organization at work and at home (5 minute read)

Obsidian is a note-taking app, known for its flexibility and impressive file system. Many people use iit to organize their work life and personal life. This article lays out the authorE28099s methods of organizing Obsidian in a useful way that improved their organization in their work and home life.

## Article 13
### [Mastering error handling in JavaScript (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mastering error handling in JavaScript (3 minute read)

This article lists the best practices for four types of error handling in JavaScript.

## Article 14
### [Microsoft Edge is leaking the sites you visit to Bing (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Edge is leaking the sites you visit to Bing (3 minute read)

MicrosoftE28099s Edge browser appears to be sending URLs you visit to its Bing API website. The recommendation is to disable EdgeE28099s follow creator feature until this privacy issue is fixed.

## Article 15
### [Edge computing vs cloud computing E28094 what's the difference? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Edge computing vs cloud computing E28094 what's the difference? (2 minute read)

This is a Twitter thread explaining the pros and cons between edge computing and cloud computing.

