# Articles TLDR Web Dev 30-08-2023

## Article 1
### [Multi-Factor Authentication: A Crash Course For Developers (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multi-Factor Authentication: A Crash Course For Developers (Sponsor)

As a user, you know you should enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on any accounts containing valuable data, or which you want to keep safe. But as a developer or software engineer, MFA may seem a bit mysterious.This article by FusionAuth will cover:

What MFA is
Why MFA is important
Which factors are available
When you might consider requiring MFA

At the end, you should have a good understanding of options for integrating MFA into your applications, and how to start doing so.
Read the article now on fusionauth.io


## Article 2
### [Keeping Figma Fast (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Keeping Figma Fast (13 minute read)

Figma performance testing used to run on just a single MacBook. However, today Figma is a much larger web app with plugins, community features, Dev Mode, and more. Figma overhauled its performance testing setup by shipping two systems: a cloud-based system for mass testing and a hardware system for precision testing. This made development faster and performance better overall. This article lays out two case studies on performance directly from the teams that led the respective workstreams.

## Article 3
### [Understanding how React handles input state: A deep dive (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Understanding how React handles input state: A deep dive (6 minute read)

## Article 4
### [If you want to address tech debt, quantify it first (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 If you want to address tech debt, quantify it first (7 minute read)

Tech debt has a real economic impact, as it eats up developer time and impedes the speed of future progress. To make the case to address technical debt, it can help to quantify it to organization leaders. For example, thereE28099s a developer cost, economic cost, opportunity cost, and more.

## Article 5
### [Chartbrew (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Chartbrew (GitHub Repo)

Chartbrew is an open-source web application that can connect directly to databases and APIs and use the data to create beautiful charts. It features a chart builder, editable dashboards, embeddable charts, query & requests editor, and team capabilities.

## Article 6
### [Fomos (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fomos (GitHub Repo)

Fomos is an experimental operating system built with Rust.

## Article 7
### [Measuring developer productivity? A response to McKinsey (19 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Measuring developer productivity? A response to McKinsey (19 minute read)

McKinsey recently published an article titled E2809CYes, you can measure software developer productivity.E2809D The article caused quite a stir in the software development community. This article is a response to the McKinsey report. It argues that McKinseyE28099s framework is certain to backfire. To prove their point, the author discusses a mental model of the software engineering cycle, the real necessity of measuring software engineering productivity, and the measurement tradeoffs in software engineering.

## Article 8
### [MapReduce, TensorFlow, Vertex: Google's bet to avoid repeating history in AI (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MapReduce, TensorFlow, Vertex: Google's bet to avoid repeating history in AI (6 minute read)

## Article 9
### [Klaviyo hiring Lead Engineer for Events Pipeline team (Boston)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Klaviyo hiring Lead Engineer for Events Pipeline team (Boston)

Klaviyo is looking for a Lead Engineer to join their Events Pipeline team, responsible for the design, implementation, and tuning of highly visible mission critical stream processing systems handling billions of interactions per day in real time. Learn more.

## Article 10
### [Ask HN: Why did Python win? (Hacker News Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ask HN: Why did Python win? (Hacker News Thread)

A Hacker News commenter asks why Python became so popular.

## Article 11
### [AI images are getting harder to spot. Google thinks it has a solution (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI images are getting harder to spot. Google thinks it has a solution (7 minute read)

Google announced a new tool called SynthID that embeds a digital E2809CwatermarkE2809D directly into an AI-generated image that canE28099t be seen by the human eye but can be picked up by a computer thatE28099s been trained to read it.

## Article 12
### [Fix reduce unused JavaScript Lighthouse warning (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fix reduce unused JavaScript Lighthouse warning (5 minute read)

The E2809Creduce unused JavaScriptE2809D warning in LightHouse can be fixed by removing dead code and deferring unused code.

