# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Addressing GitHubE28099s recent availability issues (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Addressing GitHubE28099s recent availability issues (4 minute read)

Github recently had 2 big incidents, one incident from an API invocation during timeout that caused a peak of 76% auth token failure rate; another from a database cluster failure, causing a peak of 26% of requests to github to fail. This blog goes to show how 1 simple mistake in a scaled system can cause a series of catastrophic failures.

## Article 2
### [A complete guide to performance budgets (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A complete guide to performance budgets (8 minute read)

A performance budget is a threshold you apply to the metrics you care about the most. This article will teach you how to keep up your website's performance from how to select the most relevant metrics for performance, such as TTFB (time to first byte), start render time, and LCP (longest contentful paint), to getting buy-in from stakeholders and continuously monitoring the appropriate metrics.

## Article 3
### [Vint CerfE28099s career advice for engineers (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vint CerfE28099s career advice for engineers (2 minute read)

Vint Cerf is one of the co-creators of the Internet. He gives some pieces of advice to engineers starting out in their careers, such as being humble, staying on good terms with everybody, and more.

## Article 4
### [A new way to measure developer productivity (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A new way to measure developer productivity (15 minute read)

Measuring developer productivity is important and non-trivial to organizations. Although there have been strong frameworks, such as DORA and SPACE, to measure developer performance both quantitatively and qualitatively, the authors of these frameworks recognize the need for a new framework that also measures developer experience. Using surveys is a good way to measure developer experience, but designing an effective survey can sometimes be a difficult task.

## Article 5
### [Deadlines as technology (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Deadlines as technology (2 minute read)

ItE28099s common to look for and try different productivity apps in hopes that there is a E2809Cproductivity software pillE2809D that can resolve all productivity problems. However, productivity is better when under constraints. And so, the author makes the point that the only technology that you really need is deadlines.

## Article 6
### [Garph (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Garph (GitHub Repo)

Garph is a GraphQL schema-builder for TypeScript that provides a GraphQL compatibility layer and type-safety primitives for any TypeScript project.

## Article 7
### [Making Cloudflare the best place for your web applications (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Making Cloudflare the best place for your web applications (5 minute read)

Cloudflare has announced many new features that make deploying and optimizing your web applications easier. For example, Cloudflare Pages and Workers are merging into a single unified development and application hosting platform that offers low latency globally, a multitude of storage options, and more.

## Article 8
### [GPT4All Chat Client (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT4All Chat Client (Website)

The GPT4All Chat Client lets you easily interact with any local large language model. It is optimized to run 7-13B parameter LLMs on the CPU's of any computer running OSX/Windows/Linux.

## Article 9
### [F09F918B Goodbye low test coverage and slow QA cycles (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 F09F918B Goodbye low test coverage and slow QA cycles (Sponsor)

In-house QA can take years to scale. QA Wolf gets you to 80% automated test coverage in 4 months and keeps you there. ItE28099s zero-effort, fully automated testing thatE28099s done for you E28094 integrated directly into your CI/CD, and written in Playwright with no vendor lock-in whatsoever. Start with a 90-day pilot.

## Article 10
### [People want products, not projects (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 People want products, not projects (9 minute read)

A project is something that is created by a group of people that aims to solve a goal they face and then stops there. In contrast, a product is something that you can get "off the shelf". A lot of the options have been pared down or sanded away so that things just work. There's a core philosophy at work there powered by a team that spends a lot of time figuring out what the best way for them to do the thing is. This is different from a project because a product can be adopted without many additional steps like setting up infrastructure, purchasing a domain name, or knowing what an Ubuntu is. People generally want products, not projects.

## Article 11
### [The dangers of GoogleE28099s .zip TLD (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The dangers of GoogleE28099s .zip TLD (4 minute read)

Can you quickly tell which of the URLs is legitimate and which one is a malicious phish that drops evil.exe out of https://github.comE28895kubernetesE28895kubernetesE28895archiveE28895refsE28895tagsE28895@v1271.zip and https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/archive/refs/tags/v1.27.1.zip? This week, Google launched a new TLD or E2809CTop Level DomainE2809D of .zip, meaning you can now purchase a .zip domain, similar to a .com or .org domain for only a few dollars. In this short write-up, the author covers how an attacker can leverage this TLD, in combination with the @ operator and unicode character E28895 (U+2215) to create an extremely convincing phish.

## Article 12
### [The Staff Engineer's Path E28094 Book Review (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Staff Engineer's Path E28094 Book Review (3 minute read)

This is a book review of E2809CThe Staff EngineerE28099s Path: A Guide for Individual Contributors Navigating Growth and ChangeE2809D. The review lays out some key takeaways from the book, such as a technique to align the shape of your position with you and your peers and managers.

## Article 13
### [Introducing Baseline (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing Baseline (3 minute read)

Baseline was introduced at last week's Google I/O. ItE28099s a tool that helps you to see whether a feature or API is safe to use in your site or web applications.

## Article 14
### [The Maddest My Code Made Anyone (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Maddest My Code Made Anyone (5 minute read)

A short story about the authorE28099s contributions to the Half Life modding scene. For him, modding was one of the first times my code had a big impact on a community.

## Article 15
### [Numbers every LLM developer should know (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Numbers every LLM developer should know (4 minute read)

A set of numbers every LLM developer should know that are useful for back-of-the envelope calculations.

## Article 16
### [How to handle emojis in Node.js (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to handle emojis in Node.js (7 minute read)

Ever wonder why 'F09F988A'.length equals 2? This article will give you an overview of how to convert a Unicode code point to a code unit and why String.length is not equal to the number of characters in a string. By the end, you might be able to answer questions like E2809Cwhy A and F09F988Aare represented by a single code point, while F09F91A8E2808DF09F91A7E2808DF09F91A6 has 5E2809D.

