# Articles TLDR Web Dev 05-09-2023

## Article 1
### [Fast, codeless authoring of stable tests on real and virtual devices (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fast, codeless authoring of stable tests on real and virtual devices (Sponsor)

If your mobile app is the interface to your company, adequate testing can mean the difference between retaining or losing a customer.Tricentis <span>Testim Mobile is a test automation platform for customer-facing web and mobile applications E28094 combining SaaS-based, AI-powered test automation with extensive real device coverage for native mobile.

Accelerate testing of customer-facing applications.
Reduce the time to author, configure, and execute tests through fast authoring test recording.
Increase stability and reduce time spent debugging and maintaining tests through AI-powered locators that self-heal and automatically improve.
Enable the entire team to develop and execute tests, regardless of their technical background.
Organize and manage tests, teams, and projects more efficiently using TestOps.

Start for free here


## Article 2
### [How Google Stores 10,000 Petabytes of Data Efficiently (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Google Stores 10,000 Petabytes of Data Efficiently (5 minute read)

## Article 3
### [How to choose a deployment strategy for your Next.js application (20 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to choose a deployment strategy for your Next.js application (20 minute read)

With the addition of server components to Next.js, there are multiple factors to consider when deploying a Next.js application. This article goes through various strategies to deploy a Next.js application. These include static hosting, serverless functions, containerization, and edge-side rendering. It also goes through best practices for handling environment variables safely, such as using different environment files during local development.

## Article 4
### [To test or not to test, a technical perspective (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 To test or not to test, a technical perspective (7 minute read)

This article delves into the creation of test cases from a technical perspective, detailing what should be included in each test and what to avoid. It answers the age-old question of what to test vs. what not to test.

## Article 5
### [Looks Good To Me: When Code Reviews Go Awry (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Looks Good To Me: When Code Reviews Go Awry (6 minute read)

## Article 6
### [You Don't Need to Learn Svelte E28093 Here's Why (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 You Don't Need to Learn Svelte E28093 Here's Why (8 minute read)

You donE28099t need to E2809ClearnE2809D Svelte because itE28099s already intuitive to most web developers. Since the syntax is so similar to pure JavaScript, the learning curve is lower and the resulting code is less verbose compared to other frontend frameworks.

## Article 7
### [People share what they consider red flags during a job interview (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 People share what they consider red flags during a job interview (8 minute read)

Job searching is notoriously difficult but in recent years, employees have become more willing to walk away from companies that clearly donE28099t have their best interests at heart.  So if youE28099re in the process of interviewing, here are some red flags you should definitely look out for.

## Article 8
### [Remove the QA bottleneck (Sponsor)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Remove the QA bottleneck (Sponsor)</strong>

Reduce your QA cycle to 3 minutes. QA Wolf gets you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in 4 months. Plus, they provide unlimited parallel test runs on their Kubernetes infrastructure and 24-hour test maintenance at no additional cost.1EFB88FE283A3 QA Wolf builds your test suite in open-source Playwright. You own the tests.
2EFB88FE283A3 The tests run on their parallel testing infra. You get unlimited test runs.
3EFB88FE283A3 QA Wolf triages + maintains all tests for you. Human-verified bugs are sent directly to Jira, Linear, etc.
Trusted by companies like Cohere, Gumroad, and Napster. Get a quick demo F09F90BA


## Article 9
### [Dub (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dub (GitHub Repo)

Dub is an open-source link management tool for modern marketing teams to create, share, and track short links. ItE28099s built with Vercel Edge Functions, Upstash Redis, and PlanetScale MySQL.

## Article 10
### [Textbase (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Textbase (GitHub Repo)

Textbase is a framework for building chatbots using NLP and ML. ItE28099s a Python package that is easily deployable to the web. Textbase is compatible with any model.

## Article 11
### [How Apple got creators to take a risk on Vision Pro (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Apple got creators to take a risk on Vision Pro (9 minute read)

The number of Vision Pro SDK downloads has exceeded AppleE28099s expectations. WWDC was key to getting developers on board because not only could Apple demonstrate the types of apps that were possible on Vision Pro to an audience full of devs, but it could then immediately allow them to get hands-on with the device at its dedicated events throughout the following week. While the headsets are niche, developers are excited to get their hands on new tech.

## Article 12
### [The importance of user experience in software development projects (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The importance of user experience in software development projects (3 minute read)

When it comes to software development projects, you need to take time and effort to ensure your product has a good user experience. This article discusses what user experience is and why itE28099s important in software development projects.

## Article 13
### [Understanding dynamic programming so you can use it effectively (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Understanding dynamic programming so you can use it effectively (11 minute read)

A comprehensive tutorial on using dynamic programming.

## Article 14
### [Teaching with AI (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Teaching with AI (6 minute read)

OpenAI has released a guide on how teachers can use AI to teach. It talks about prompt suggestions, an explanation of how ChatGPT works and its limitations, and AI bias.

## Article 15
### [Stop Conditional Rendering in React Without Knowing This (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stop Conditional Rendering in React Without Knowing This (4 minute read)

A quick primer on when to use && and the ternary operator in React.

