# Articles TLDR Web Dev 11-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Extending Web Applications With WebAssembly And Python (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Extending Web Applications With WebAssembly And Python (10 minute read)

This article discusses how Python programs can be run within an application that uses a WebAssembly runtime, allowing for bi-directional communication between the two. WebAssembly is a sandboxed environment for extending applications, allowing for secure and portable code to run within the same process as the main application. Python can be interpreted by a WebAssembly module, and this article presents a sample application that guides developers on how to implement bindings for bi-directional communication between the WebAssembly host and the Python code.

## Article 2
### [Grok React Server Component through quizzes (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Grok React Server Component through quizzes (13 minute read)

Dan Abramov, the creator of Create-React-App, recently shared three quizzes on Next.js. The article delves deeper into how React Server Components operate. It also covers various topics such as the difference between server and client components, the lifecycle of view updates, and more.

## Article 3
### [Bet on growth (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bet on growth (1 minute read)

When it comes to changes in the tech industry, the best way to navigate them is to bet on growth. When something suddenly starts getting good, the question is not, E2809CHow good is it?E2809D Rather, the valuable question to ask is, E2809CHow long will it improve?E2809D A growth mindset can change how you see the future of tech and can help you navigate your career in a smart manner.

## Article 4
### [The ongoing defense of frontend as a full time job (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The ongoing defense of frontend as a full time job (3 minute read)

There are many people who question developers who choose to solely focus on frontend development. This article discusses the complexities of frontend development and explains the value of having frontend experts.

## Article 5
### [Top 10 things you should avoid while coding (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Top 10 things you should avoid while coding (4 minute read)

There are many pitfalls when it comes to coding that can slow down development and make coding more tedious. This article outlines 10 simple but effective changes you can make to improve your development experience.

## Article 6
### [Dart 3 (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dart 3 (10 minute read)

Dart 3 was announced today and itE28099s the largest Dart release to date. Dart is used widely for developing cross-platform mobile and web applications in Flutter. New features in Dart 3 include 100% sound null safety, new language features like new data structures, more native interoperability, compilation to WebAssembly, and more.

## Article 7
### [React-Lifecycle-Visualizer (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 React-Lifecycle-Visualizer (GitHub Repo)

React-Lifecycle-Visualizer is a real-time visualizer for React lifecycle methods.To trace a component, devs just have to apply the higher-order component `traceLifecycle` to it, and all its lifecycle-method calls will show up in a replayable log component. This is useful for debugging complex React applications.

## Article 8
### [Mineo.app (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mineo.app (Website)

Mineo is a collaborative platform to explore data and build data apps based on Python supercharged notebooks. It allows data scientists and developers to automate and streamline workflows with Python-based data pipelines that leverage the power of notebooks.

## Article 9
### [QA Wolf raised $20 million to make your web app bug-free (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 QA Wolf raised $20 million to make your web app bug-free (Sponsor)Nobody likes buggy web apps. but in-house QA takes years to scale. QA Wolf has emerged from stealth with $20M in funding and a solution to get you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in weeks.Learn why customers and investors (including Peter Thiel) trust QA Wolf: Read customer stories or request a 90-day pilot.

## Article 10
### [Google launches an AI coding bot for Android developers (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google launches an AI coding bot for Android developers (1 minute read)

Google is launching a new AI-powered coding bot for Android developers. During its 2023 I/O event, Google announced that the tool, called Studio Bot, will help developers build apps by generating code, fixing errors, and answering questions about Android. According to Google, the bot is built on Codey, the companyE28099s new foundational coding model that stems from its updated PaLM 2 large language model (LLM). Studio Bot supports both the Kotlin and Java programming languages and will live directly in the toolbar on Android Studio. There, developers can get quick answers to their questions or even have the bot debug a portion of their code.

## Article 11
### [Your "GDPR compliant" analytics is probably violating GDPR (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Your "GDPR compliant" analytics is probably violating GDPR (7 minute read)

This article breaks down many laws related to GDPR, the ePrivacy directive, and other EU mandates for online privacy. It argues that with the current legislation, counting unique visitors in Europe is actually nearly impossible.

## Article 12
### [How do we get a tech team to make a big technical change? (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How do we get a tech team to make a big technical change? (5 minute read)

Convincing a team to make big technical changes is tough. There are constant blockers to doing so, such as time, technical, and resource constraints. This article provides an example of how to influence your team to make a significant technical change by gaining context on the system and by presenting the decision the right way.

## Article 13
### [Push protection is generally available, and free for all public repositories (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Push protection is generally available, and free for all public repositories (2 minute read)

GitHub has announced the general availability of push protectionE28093a feature that proactively prevents secret leaks in your public and private repositories.

## Article 14
### [Microsoft skips pay hikes this year amid sharp focus on AI (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft skips pay hikes this year amid sharp focus on AI (1 minute read)

Microsoft said on Wednesday it will not raise salaries for full-time employees this year, citing tough economic conditions, but will continue with its bonuses, stock awards and promotions. An internal email by CEO Satya Nadella said Microsoft was helping drive a major platform shift in the new era of Al against the backdrop of rising competition and global macroeconomic uncertainties.

## Article 15
### [Ask HN: What is new in algorithms and data structures these days? (Hacker News Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ask HN: What is new in algorithms and data structures these days? (Hacker News Thread)

A Hacker News discussion on new findings, research, and breakthroughs in data structures and algorithms.

