# Articles TLDR Web Dev 29-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Git Merge E28093 The Definitive Guide (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Git Merge E28093 The Definitive Guide (30 minute read)

This post helps readers understand `git merge`, one of the most common operations performed in Git repositories. Merging is the process of combining recent changes from several branches into a single new commit that will be on all those branches. The article covers basic merging, resolving merge conflicts, and GitE28099s 3-way merge algorithm.

## Article 2
### [Design and Navigation Considerations when Building Multi-Platform Applications (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Design and Navigation Considerations when Building Multi-Platform Applications (7 minute read)

In todayE28099s world, it is essential for any application to be accessible across multiple platforms to reach a wider audience. However, building a multi-platform application leads to some unique design and navigation considerations. This blog post discusses the key factors developers should keep in mind while building a multi-platform application, such as responsive design and navigation components.

## Article 3
### [Finding your weak spots (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Finding your weak spots (11 minute read)

Finding your weak spots as a developer, leader, or in general can be difficult. There are various ways to identify your weaknesses, like taking on a E2809CstretchE2809D project, accepting code reviews, giving code reviews, and more. When identifying your weaknesses, itE28099s important to decide which ones will change your game if you work at it and improve them. Generally, the only way to improve weaknesses is through consistent and effortful practice.

## Article 4
### [Scar Tissues Make Relationships Wear Out (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scar Tissues Make Relationships Wear Out (6 minute read)

This is a short transcript of a talk given by Professor John Ousterhout at Stanford. He talks about how it is really hard to build relationships that last for a long time. Professional relationships donE28099t last long because of E2809Cscar tissueE2809D that builds up over time. In non-professional relationships, usually you can sit down and talk about things to prevent this build up, but in professional relationships, that opportunity usually doesnE28099t come around.

## Article 5
### [Why I left Rust (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why I left Rust (5 minute read)</span>

A key member of the Rust team left the team recently because he felt that the Rust team disrespected and disgraced an expert in the field. He believes there should be accountability for the actions taken.

## Article 6
### [Javy (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Javy (GitHub Repo)

Javy allows developers to run JavaScript on WebAssembly. It takes JavaScript code and executes it in a WebAssembly embedded JavaScript runtime. Javy can create very small Wasm modules in the 1 to 16 KB range with use of dynamic linking. The default static linking produces modules that are at least 869 KB in size.

## Article 7
### [Vue Vine (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vue Vine (GitHub Repo)

Vue Vine is another style of writing Vue components. It was designed to provide more flexibility in managing Vue components.</span>

## Article 8
### [Joshuto (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Joshuto (GitHub Repo)

Joshuto is a ranger-like terminal file manager written in Rust.

## Article 9
### [Making $10k a month from a French learning app (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Making $10k a month from a French learning app (5 minute read)

Benjamin Houy is the founder of French Together, an app which teaches you useful French in 15 minutes per day. He taught himself to code and built out the app himself. In this article, he lays out his tips for entrepreneurs and shows how he hit $10k a month in revenue.

## Article 10
### [Lua: the little language that could (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Lua: the little language that could (5 minute read)

Lua is a E2809Clittle language,E2809D designed to have low cognitive load and be easy to learn and use. ItE28099s embedded in a lot of software, such as Redis, NGINX via OpenResty, and Wireshark. ItE28099s also used as a scripting language in games such as World of Warcraft and Roblox via Luau.

## Article 11
### [Extracting GameBoy ROMs from photographs of the die (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Extracting GameBoy ROMs from photographs of the die (9 minute read)

This tutorial goes over mask ROM recovery, in which someone takes photographs of the ROM of a Nintendo GameBoy and ends up with an actual ROM file that can be played through emulators. He goes through how he photographs the ROM, extracts the bits from the photograph, recognizes the bits, and fixes mistakes. He even provides a CLI to automate various tasks and has tips on decoding the ROM file.

## Article 12
### [State of Node.js Performance 2023 (26 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 State of Node.js Performance 2023 (26 minute read)

Node.js 20 boasts significant improvements in performance compared to previous versions. Notable enhancements have been observed in JavaScript operations such as property access, URL parsing, buffers/text encoding and decoding, startup/process lifecycle time, and EventTarget, among others. This article compares performance between Node v16, v18, and v20.

## Article 13
### [WebXR (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WebXR (Website)

The WebXR Device API provides access to input (pose information from headset and controllers) and output (hardware display) capabilities commonly associated with Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) devices. It allows you to develop and host VR and AR experiences on the web.

