# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Every pull request is differentE280A6be more efficient with gitStream (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Every pull request is differentE280A6be more efficient with gitStream (Sponsor)

Add rules to your repo that classify and route each pull request to the best reviewer. gitStream is a new, free tool for developers that will apply merge standards to your repos, saving you time and reducing bugs. Rule examples include: Estimated review time labelsFind a code expert (dynamic CODEOWNERS)Auto-approve safe changes (like Dependabot updates)ItE28099s time to start evolving your code review process. gitStream helps dev teams focus on what they want to be doingE280A6coding. Give it a test. Install takes < 2 mins. Try gitStream 

## Article 2
### [Apple testing new Siri natural language generating features starting with latest tvOS update (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Apple testing new Siri natural language generating features starting with latest tvOS update (2 minute read)

Apple is developing new natural language generation features for Siri. The project, codenamed 'Bobcat', started testing in the latest tvOS 16.4 beta. Apple is currently using the technology for Siri on Apple TV for telling jokes and experimenting with timers. The feature is only available on the Apple TV, and there is no indication yet when it will be expanded to other Apple operating systems.

## Article 3
### [Microsoft announces Copilot: the AI-powered future of Office documents (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft announces Copilot: the AI-powered future of Office documents (4 minute read)

Microsoft has announced an AI-powered assistant for its Microsoft 365 apps and services. Copilot is designed to assist users with creating content, answering questions, and to provide information such as upcoming meetings, organizational changes, and updates on co-workers. While Copilot is not always correct, it can create a context for users to work within Microsoft 365 apps. Copilot is currently undergoing trials with 20 customers and is expected to be expanded in the coming months.

## Article 4
### [AI imager Midjourney v5 stuns with photorealistic imagesE28094and 5-fingered hands (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI imager Midjourney v5 stuns with photorealistic imagesE28094and 5-fingered hands (2 minute read)

Midjourney has released version 5 of its AI image generation service. The new version produces photorealistic images considered by some art fans as too perfect. It includes improvements in realistic skin textures, facial features, cinema lighting, reflections, glares, shadows, and hand and eye replication. Midjourney v5 offers a wider stylistic range, more prompt sensitivity, less unwanted text, and a 2x enhancement in image resolution. It is available for testing via a subscription through Discord.

## Article 5
### [WorldE28099s first mRNA vaccine against deadly plague bacteria is 100% effective (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WorldE28099s first mRNA vaccine against deadly plague bacteria is 100% effective (2 minute read)

Researchers from Tel Aviv University and the Israel Institute for Biological Research have developed the world's first antibiotic-free vaccine that's 100 percent effective in preventing the plague. This mRNA-based single-dose vaccine was tested on mice and protected all vaccinated animals against the disease. Overuse of antibiotics has led to the development of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Although antibiotics are used to treat the plague, these drugs aren't effective against multiple antibiotic-resistant strains. The researchers are optimistic that their research will help produce safe and effective mRNA antibacterial vaccines for other diseases.

## Article 6
### [Introducing react.dev (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing react.dev (9 minute read)

## Article 7
### [Announcing TypeScript 5.0 (31 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Announcing TypeScript 5.0 (31 minute read)

TypeScript 5.0 is now available. It introduces several new features aimed at making it smaller, simpler, and faster while continuing to build on JavaScript. The new release also includes enhanced ESM project support, the ability for library authors to control generic inference, and expanded JSDoc functions. Configuration has been simplified and a new decorators standard has been implemented.

## Article 8
### [QA Wolf: Zero-Effort QA for Teams of 10 to 10,000 (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 QA Wolf: Zero-Effort QA for Teams of 10 to 10,000 (Sponsor)

Larger dev and product teams spend hours per sprint on QA. Get that time back. Let QA WolfE28099s in-house experts get you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in 4 months with zero effort on your part.Fully automated testing, done for you, integrated with your CI/CD. Written in JS on Playwright (no vendor lock-in). Teams of 10+ devs can start with a three-month pilot.

## Article 9
### [IE28099ve been employed in tech for years, but IE28099ve almost never worked (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 IE28099ve been employed in tech for years, but IE28099ve almost never worked (18 minute read)

The agile philosophy, which aims to improve software development, is highly popular in the tech industry. However, following the agile philosophy leads to task bloating, where the amount of time and employees required to complete a task is highly exaggerated during planning sessions. Many organizations have taken the approach of adopting 'agile recipes', leading to inefficiencies and task bloating becoming worse. Task bloating has resulted in a phenomenon where many people in tech do almost no work despite being paid high salaries.

## Article 10
### [Amazon doubling down on return to office (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Amazon doubling down on return to office (8 minute read)</span>

Amazon expects employees to return to the office at least three days a week even if they do not live within commuting distance from their assigned office.

## Article 11
### [PyTorch 2.0: Our next generation release that is faster, more Pythonic and Dynamic as ever (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PyTorch 2.0: Our next generation release that is faster, more Pythonic and Dynamic as ever (13 minute read)

PyTorch 2.0 fundamentally changes how PyTorch operates at compiler level, with faster performance and support for Dynamic Shapes and Distributed.

## Article 12
### [I gave GPT-4 a budget of $100 and told it to make as much money as possible (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 I gave GPT-4 a budget of $100 and told it to make as much money as possible (6 minute read)

## Article 13
### [Transformers.js (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Transformers.js (GitHub Repo)

Transformers.js allows users to run the following Transformers in their browsers: BERT, ALBERT, DistilBERT, T5, T5v1.1, FLAN-T5, GPT2, BART, CodeGen, Whisper, CLIP, Vision Transformer, and VisionEncoderDecoder.

## Article 14
### [Free data-center heat is allegedly saving a struggling public pool $24K a year (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Free data-center heat is allegedly saving a struggling public pool $24K a year (8 minute read)

Deep Green's data center will generate around 62% of the public pool's annual heating needs.

## Article 15
### [Hundreds of Google workers in Zurich walked out after 200 of their colleagues got laid off (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hundreds of Google workers in Zurich walked out after 200 of their colleagues got laid off (5 minute read)

Google rejected a proposal from thousands of staff who offered to have their wages and hours reduced to avoid job losses.

## Article 16
### [TLDR - TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator (Fully Remote, $31,200+)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TLDR - TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator (Fully Remote, $31,200+)

TLDR is hiring a TLDR Web Dev Newsletter Curator to curate the most interesting stories in web development 3 nights a week for a web dev newsletter that already has 200,000 pre-launch sign ups.

## Article 17
### [Maddox AI - Frontend Developer (Fully Remote, $50,000+)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Maddox AI - Frontend Developer (Fully Remote, $50,000+)

Maddox AI is hiring a Frontend Developer to contribute to the development of a B2B cloud application for an AI-based visual quality control solution.

