# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Inside DatadogE28099s $5M outage (29 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inside DatadogE28099s $5M outage (29 minute read)

Datadog had a major outage on March 8th, 2023, which cost them $5M in revenue. This article goes behind the scenes to see what went wrong, how the engineering team responded, and what business can learn from the incident. For example, DatadogE28099s infrastructure was running in 5 regions on 3 different cloud providers, yet it still went down for over a day. Datadog also communicated somewhat inconsistently with customers. Shortly after this article was released, Datadog officially posted their public incident report, presumably as a response to this article.

## Article 2
### [The secrets behind high performance with Node.js (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The secrets behind high performance with Node.js (7 minute read)

Sometimes, a small change in the way you write code in Node.js can drastically improve performance. An example is to use the new Function() syntax, which can be 14x faster than native functions. The article also looks at a few code snippets that may impress people at code interviews, but actually turn out to be 4x slower than ugly, but performant, snippets.

## Article 3
### [How to give good feedback for effective code reviews (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to give good feedback for effective code reviews (7 minute read)

Giving feedback on pull requests is one very crucial form of communication that developers have to master. It can be hard to effectively review code in a meaningful way that helps get the job done. This article covers five effective techniques for giving quality feedback in code reviews, such as linking to relevant docs rather than just pointing out issues in code.

## Article 4
### [My 20 year career is technical debt or deprecated (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 My 20 year career is technical debt or deprecated (4 minute read)

With enough time, most code becomes technical debt or deprecated. The author, over his 20 year career, reflects on how many of the lines of code, projects, and languages heE28099s worked on have either been deprecated or rewritten. This is not necessarily a bad thing but the reality of being a software engineer.

## Article 5
### [How to help engineers make time for on the job training (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to help engineers make time for on the job training (6 minute read)

It can be hard to make time for learning in addition to your day to day responsibilities at work. Upskilling is incredibly important in development, but itE28099s also incredibly difficult to make time for. However, there are a few ways that teams can make developer upskilling easier, such as taking on projects with lower familiarity so that developers are provided an opportunity to learn new things.

## Article 6
### [ChatHub (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatHub (GitHub Repo)

ChatHub is an all-in-one chatbot client that allows you to use different chatbots in one app. It supports ChatGPT, Bing Chat, Google Bard, and Claude. It is full-featured with a shortcut to quickly activate the app from anywhere in the browser, a prompt library for custom and community prompts, dark mode, import/export options, conversation sharing, and more.

## Article 7
### [knip (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 knip (GitHub Repo)

Knip finds unused files, dependencies and exports in your JavaScript and TypeScript projects. Less code and dependencies lead to improved performance, less maintenance and easier refactorings. Knip has good defaults and you can run it without any configuration.

## Article 8
### [Bun v0.6 (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bun v0.6 (3 minute read)

Bun is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime, built for speed, with a native bundler, transpiler, test runner, and npm-compatible package manager baked-in. Bun v0.6 is the biggest release of Bun yet. It has a new JavaScript/TypeScript bundler and minifier, a new ability to create standalone executables, and more.

## Article 9
### [Stop manually fixing customer data (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stop manually fixing customer data (Sponsor)

## Article 10
### [Why AI canE28099t do hiring (21 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why AI canE28099t do hiring (21 minute read)

AI is really well-suited to automating a bunch of recruiting tasks that humans do now. For instance, AI can take the pain out of tasks like interview scheduling, composing first-draft sourcing emails, tracking candidate progress through a funnel, and more. However, AI is not effective for hiring because companies donE28099t have the data for engineers that reliably predict whether someone is a good engineer along with other factors. This also means that humans will continue to be bad at hiring because humans also donE28099t have that data. As a result, AI will help automate the mundane parts of hiring, but cannot really replace the E2809ChumanE2809D part of hiring.

## Article 11
### [The "Three-Hills" Model for evaluating GPT startups (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The "Three-Hills" Model for evaluating GPT startups (8 minute read)</span>

You can classify GPT applications into 3 different levels of potential success. Level I applications are useful, but will disappear shortly. Level II will create mid-term value, but are probably not good or sustainable business ideas. Level III can leverage the technology while still providing a compelling business model and product.

## Article 12
### [Why you canE28099t trust TwitterE28099s encrypted DMs (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why you canE28099t trust TwitterE28099s encrypted DMs (7 minute read)

Last week, Twitter launched the encrypted messages feature, but they may not be as secure as they claim. For one, the messages are not encrypted end-to-end, meaning they are subject to middleman attacks . A related blog post critiques that Twitter merely had a modest security improvement over the status quo, so users would still be safer using Signal or WhatsApp.

## Article 13
### [9 things I love about AWS (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 9 things I love about AWS (4 minute read)

Developers have their fair share of qualms when it comes to AWS. This article covers one engineer's list of things the tool does well, such AWSE28099s E2809Ccustomer obsessionE2809D mindset.</span>

## Article 14
### [This blog is hosted on my Android phone (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 This blog is hosted on my Android phone (3 minute read)

How to use Termux to turn your $180 Android phone into a web server and use Pinggy to obtain a public URL to access the server. Spoiler: it only takes 3 steps!

## Article 15
### [Benchmarking LLME28099s performance (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Benchmarking LLME28099s performance (5 minute read)

There are multiple LLM battles going on, including Microsoft vs Google and open-source vs closed-source. The article shows how benchmark tests for LLMs work and why AI startup investment in Q1 unexpectedly dropped 66% from last year and declined 43% QoQ.

## Article 16
### [Google's .zip Top Level domain is already used in phishing attacks (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google's .zip Top Level domain is already used in phishing attacks (1 minute read)

Google released the top-level domain .zip to the public recently, which means that interested organizations and users may register .zip domains. The .zip extension allows cyber criminals to run phishing campaigns that abuse the fact that .zip is a popular file extension and also a top level domain. Domains such as officeupdate.zip or microsoft-office.zip have already been used in phishing campaigns.

## Article 17
### [Planning a project from scratch: The ultimate guide (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Planning a project from scratch: The ultimate guide (3 minute read)

You can successfully build projects with the tried and true project planning framework this article discusses.

