# Articles TLDR Web Dev 24-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Google Bard now helps you code (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Bard now helps you code (4 minute read)

GoogleE28099s Bard now has the ability to help people with programming and software development tasks, including code generation, code debugging, and explanation.

## Article 2
### [Highlight (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Highlight (GitHub Repository)

Highlight.io is an open source, full-stack monitoring platform. It features error monitoring, session replay, logging, and more.

## Article 3
### [Alright React App (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alright React App (GitHub Repository)

Alright React App is a professional React app generator. It comes with an exposed, unopinionated, high performance configuration, supporting Jest, SWC, Storybook, Typescript 5, Webpack 5.

## Article 4
### [Career Advice No One Gave Me: Give a Lot of Notice When You Quit (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Career Advice No One Gave Me: Give a Lot of Notice When You Quit (7 minute read)

This blog post suggests giving a lot of notice when you quit, given you are a crucial part of the team and have performed well in your role. The author presents various upsides and positives to giving more than the two week notice when you quit.

## Article 5
### [UberE28099s Engineering Level Changes (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UberE28099s Engineering Level Changes (6 minute read)

This article recaps the changes made in Uber's engineering levels, which initially happened in March 2022. Titles and expectations were updated. The author also goes over how these level changes affect Uber alumni.

## Article 6
### [Scaling Databases at Activision (PDF)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scaling Databases at Activision (PDF)

Activision presents both methods and challenges to scaling databases for their games, which have hundreds of millions of users.

## Article 7
### [TypeScript Decorators: A Complete Guide (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TypeScript Decorators: A Complete Guide (10 minute read)

With TypeScript decorators, you can apply re-useable behaviors to classes, methods, properties. Decorators are inspired by decorators in other languages like Java and Python. This article provides a complete overview and guide to using decorators in TypeScript.

## Article 8
### [Understanding Database Types (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Understanding Database Types (12 minute read)

When it comes to creating a software application, choosing the right databases can be a critical decision. This article delves into the different types of databases like SQL, NoSQL, and Time Series. ThereE28099s also a very handy cheat sheet comparing the three across features.

## Article 9
### [Apple will launch a journaling app in iOS 17, but thatE28099s bad news for some devs | Ars Technica (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Apple will launch a journaling app in iOS 17, but thatE28099s bad news for some devs | Ars Technica (2 minute read)

Apple plans to unveil a personal journaling app at the Worldwide Developers Conference in June. The app will be pre-installed on all iPhones that run iOS 17, and it will deeply integrate with location services, contacts, and more on the user's phone. It will have access to phone data that other apps do not as it will be able to look at data stored locally on your phone to determine what a typical day looks like, with access to your contacts, your location, workouts, and more.

## Article 10
### [GitHub Copilot Emits GPL. Codeium Does Not. (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GitHub Copilot Emits GPL. Codeium Does Not. (6 minute read)

GitHub Copilot trains on GPL code and its nonpermissive filters donE28099t actually work according to Codeium, while Codeium has removed GPL licensed code from their training data. The article lays out some drawbacks and dangers of using GitHub Copilot in an enterprise setting.

## Article 11
### [The EARN IT Bill Is Back, Seeking To Scan Our Messages and Photos (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The EARN IT Bill Is Back, Seeking To Scan Our Messages and Photos (4 minute read)

The EARN IT act is a law that could lead to suspicionless scans of every online message, photo, and hosted file. The EARN IT Act creates an unelected government commission, stacks it with law enforcement personnel, and then tasks it with creating E2809Cbest practicesE2809D for running an internet website or app. The act then removes nearly 30-year-old legal protections for users and website owners, allowing state legislatures to encourage civil lawsuits and prosecutions against those who donE28099t follow the governmentE28099s E2809Cbest practices.E2809D

## Article 12
### [The weird world of Windows file paths (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The weird world of Windows file paths (5 minute read)

File system paths on Windows differ in many ways from UNIX file paths, like on MacOS. This article goes over the differences and quirks of Windows file paths.

## Article 13
### [Lost at SQL: The SQL Learning Game (Website)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Lost at SQL: The SQL Learning Game (Website)</strong>

Lost at SQL is a game that helps you learn or refresh your SQL skills.

## Article 14
### [The E2809CBuild Your Own DatabaseE2809D book is finished (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The E2809CBuild Your Own DatabaseE2809D book is finished (2 minute read)

This book teaches developers important topics about databases by guiding the implementation of a basic database. Part 1 is available for free online, with a guided implementation of a key-value store. Part 2 implements a mini database and query language, which is the part that has just been recently completed.

