# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Frontend development accelerated with AI (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Frontend development accelerated with AI (Sponsor)</a>
Turn designs into frontend code for web and mobile with Locofy.ai. Build full apps, screens, components, and design systems.Supports Figma & Adobe XD to React, React Native, HTML/CSS, Gatsby, and Next.js.Tag your interactive elements, handle styling, layout, and responsiveness with ease.</p>Use LocoAI to optimise designs, auto-tag elements, create components and add props.Export your code in your preferred settings (CSS Modules, Tailwind, CSS, Typescript, JavaScript, Expo) or sync your project and components to GitHub.Ship products 10x faster with your existing design tools, libraries, tech stack, and CI/CD workflows.

## Article 2
### [DeveloperE28099s guide to passwordless authentication (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DeveloperE28099s guide to passwordless authentication (12 minute read)

Passwordless authentication has been rising in popularity. It is more secure and convenient than password-based authentication. This article gives a thorough deep dive of the different forms of passwordless authentication and shows you how you can implement it.

## Article 3
### [API redesign: shopping cart and Stripe payment (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 API redesign: shopping cart and Stripe payment (10 minute read)

This tutorial features a real-life example of how Stripe redesigned its API in 6 stages from 2011 to 2020. It also features a step by step guide to designing a simple shopping cart: step one analyzes requirements and designs the API, step two applies optimizations such as filtering, sorting, and pagination, and step three considers security.

## Article 4
### [Uncovering the key to a speedy frontend framework (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Uncovering the key to a speedy frontend framework (7 minute read)

Using a quick frontend framework is a sure fire way to make users happy, increase engagement, achieve excellent SEO rankings, and reach impressive conversion rates. This article discusses what makes popular frontend frameworks like Next.js, Vite, Svelte, and many others lightning fast. It outlines the many benefits of using these frameworks in your projects.

## Article 5
### [Ask HN: How do you not take criticism of your work (Hacker News Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ask HN: How do you not take criticism of your work (Hacker News Thread)

A Hacker News commenter realizes that they take constructive criticism at work personally and want to change that about themselves. Commenters give various tips and pieces of advice to help.

## Article 6
### [You Don't Always Need Indexes (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 You Don't Always Need Indexes (2 minute read)

Sometimes you have a lot of data. One approach to support quick searches is pre-processing it to build an index so a search can involve only looking at a small fraction of the total data. The threshold at which it's worth switching to indexing, though, might be higher than you'd guess. Unless you know from the start that you'll be searching hundreds of millions of records, consider starting with simple scans and only add indexing if you can't get acceptable performance. And even then, if queries are rare and highly varied it may still be better to do the work at query time instead of ingestion time.

## Article 7
### [Why engineers need to be bored (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why engineers need to be bored (5 minute read)

The author proposes the Pareto principle of boredom: 80% of innovation comes from being bored 20% of the time. Boredom could actually be a good thing for engineers, as it could help cultivate some invention and creativity.

## Article 8
### [Next.js Enterprise Boilerplate (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Next.js Enterprise Boilerplate (GitHub Repo)

Next.js Enterprise Boilerplate is an enterprise-grade Next.js boilerplate for high-performance, maintainable apps. It is packed with features like Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, testing tools, and more to accelerate your development.

## Article 9
### [Dittofeed (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dittofeed (GitHub Repo)

Dittofeed is an open-source customer engagement platform built for devs. It has features like being self-hostable, journey monitoring and alerting, testing SDK to test marketing campaigns, and more.

## Article 10
### [Fir (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fir (Website)

The Fir toolkit is designed for Go developers with moderate html/css & js skills who want to progressively build reactive web apps without mastering complex web frameworks. It includes a Go library and an Alpine.js plugin.

## Article 11
### [Layoffs push down scores on Glassdoor: this is how companies respond (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Layoffs push down scores on Glassdoor: this is how companies respond (11 minute read)

Glassdoor ratings are important sites to get information about a company. However, tech company ratings have been significantly impacted by the recent layoffs. This post dives into quantitative and qualitative data on industry Glassdoor ratings in the past two years. It also gives insights on how Glassdoor deals with misleading information.</span>

## Article 12
### [Hype: The Enemy of Early Stage Returns (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hype: The Enemy of Early Stage Returns (4 minute read)

There is an inconvenient truth in early-stage venture capital: Hyped sectors consistently lead to meager outcomes. Outsized returns on the other hand happen where you least expect them. For early stage investors, success isn't about predicting the future of how technology evolves. Rather itE28099s about finding signs of a clear market need (that may appear nascent or even solved by existing players) and backing teams who can capitalize on these needs. In short, when it comes to returns, product-market-fit eats hype for lunch.

## Article 13
### [Multiple Layers of Abstraction in Design Systems (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multiple Layers of Abstraction in Design Systems (7 minute read)

This post introduces Spotify's multiple layer design pattern that allows engineering and design to work with complex use cases and teams with different resources on design and engineering. The three layers of abstractions are called Config (think a standard card), slots (card with customizable images), and custom (a completely custom card). Each layer allows for more customization as you progress.

## Article 14
### [ChatGPT plugins now support Postgres & Supabase (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT plugins now support Postgres & Supabase (10 minute read)

Supabase recently contributed to the OpenAI repo with a Postgres and a Supabase implementation to help developers build plugins using pgvector.

## Article 15
### [Why you should still read the docs (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why you should still read the docs (9 minute read)

WeE28099ve all used libraries, tools, and packages that seem almost impossible to work with. It can be easy to throw your hands up and move on to another option. This article encourages you to keep at it and explains a method for consuming and understanding documentation that can help make this process easier.

## Article 16
### [Building Countdoku, a multiplayer Sudoku Web app (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building Countdoku, a multiplayer Sudoku Web app (5 minute read)

This article discusses the process for building a multiplayer Sudoku game with Next.js, React, and Vercel.

