# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Web-LLM: Large-language models and chat locally in web browsers (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Web-LLM: Large-language models and chat locally in web browsers (GitHub Repository)

Web-LLM brings language model chats directly onto web browsers. Everything runs inside the browser with no server support and accelerated with WebGPU. It brings a lot of fun opportunities to build AI assistants for everyone and enables privacy while enjoying GPU acceleration.

## Article 2
### [Wayback: A self-hosted archive service integrated with Internet Archive and more (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Wayback: A self-hosted archive service integrated with Internet Archive and more (GitHub Repository)

Wayback is a tool that supports running as a command-line tool and docker container, purpose to snapshot web pages to time capsules. It is a self-hosted archiving service integrated with Internet Archive, archive.today, IPFS and beyond.

## Article 3
### [Stability AI makes its Stable Diffusion models available on AmazonE28099s new Bedrock service (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stability AI makes its Stable Diffusion models available on AmazonE28099s new Bedrock service (2 minute read)

AmazonE28099s new Bedrock service has Stable Diffusion imaging models and upcoming Stable suite of foundation models accessible. Amazon Bedrock is a scalable, reliable, and secure fully managed service that allows customers to quickly integrate foundation models into their applications, without having to manage infrastructure, incur large costs, or put their data at risk.

## Article 4
### [Infrastructure engineers just got a copilot (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Infrastructure engineers just got a copilot (Sponsor)

Finding the right cloud architecture for a use-case takes time and research. InfraCopilot is an intelligent IaC editor that is attempting to speed that up by converting high-level architectural descriptions into reliable implementations. Learn more about InfraCopilot.

## Article 5
### [What The Heck is Happening At Uber? (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What The Heck is Happening At Uber? (7 minute read)

The recent Wall Street Journal profile of Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, which featured him driving for Uber and discovering flaws in the product, has been criticized by analysts, investors and ex-employees. They are concerned about the timing of the CEO's revelation, the level of compensation he receives,S and the company's product management.

## Article 6
### [Junior to senior: An action plan for engineering career success (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Junior to senior: An action plan for engineering career success (4 minute read)

Making the jump from junior to senior can seem daunting and unclear. This guide will help you to enhance your developer skills and take your career to the next level.

## Article 7
### [How Migrating from Vanilla Redux to Redux Toolkit Improved State Management in Shopify POS (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Migrating from Vanilla Redux to Redux Toolkit Improved State Management in Shopify POS (8 minute read)

A real world example of how a team at Shopify was able to migrate their Redux stack. They considered tradeoffs for two approaches to refactoring, gave code examples of how they decided to implement Redux Thunks differently, and summarized learnings from the process.

## Article 8
### [Building a blog with Next.js 13 and React Server Components (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building a blog with Next.js 13 and React Server Components (12 minute read)

Next.js 13 comes with support for their App Router (beta) and React Server Components (RSCs). This tutorial is useful for learning how to use the new App Router and RSCs in a real-world example of spinning up a blog. It also provides a good starting point for your own exploration and experimentation.

## Article 9
### [Using CockroachDB to Reduce Feature Store Costs by 75% (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Using CockroachDB to Reduce Feature Store Costs by 75% (12 minute read)

The Doordash team decided to test out new databases that would better support their growing platform. They gave CockroachDB a try and the results? A 75% decrease in cloud spend.

## Article 10
### [AT&T Wireless traffic shaping apparently making some websites unusable (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AT&T Wireless traffic shaping apparently making some websites unusable (10 minute read)

## Article 11
### [An example of LLM prompting for programming (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An example of LLM prompting for programming (5 minute read)

An example of using chain-of-thought and general knowledge prompting with ChatGPT to write self-testing code.

## Article 12
### [WebGPU Fundamentals (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 WebGPU Fundamentals (Website)

With the new addition of WebGPU in Chrome, there are new possibilities for browser-based applications. This website goes through the fundamentals of WebGPU.

## Article 13
### [An On-Ramp to Flow (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An On-Ramp to Flow (3 minute read)

The E2809CFlowE2809D state - time where you can process large amounts of information and E2809Cget stuff doneE2809D - is very valuable for knowledge workers like software engineers. This article gives tips on getting into and staying in the E2809CflowE2809D state.

## Article 14
### [5 Common web development mistakes and how to avoid them (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 5 Common web development mistakes and how to avoid them (4 minute read)

Here are 5 common mistakes web developers make and how you can avoid them and take your projects to the next level.

