# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Custom components for devs, designers, and architects (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Custom components for devs, designers, and architects (Sponsor)

Web development should be about creativity, innovation, and optimization - but devs spend most of their time revisiting solved problems.Get back to development with GrapeCityE28099s award-winning developer tools including UI controls with powerful JavaScriptand <a href3D"https://tracking.tldrnewsletter.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fwww.grapecity.com%2Fcomponentone%2Fflexgrid-net-data-grid-control%3Futm_source3DTLDR%26utm_medium3DNewsletter%26utm_campaign3D4-2023-sponsorship/1/01000187940c67d7-8fa42f7a-a3e8-4750-87c1-f4d755f6dcbe-000000/U1hjT0avwDiD_rBMhActLDpDBbrWYuDMiEN70Of6oZU3D297" rel3D"noopener noreferrer nofollow" target3D"_blank">.NET grids, reporting tools, spreadsheets components, and advanced document APIs.Designed around speed, flexibility, familiarity, and a minimal footprint, GrapeCity&nbsp;provides everything you need to build better apps today E28094 including exceptional support and online resources. 240,000 customers in 175 countries are building sleek, high-performing, and feature-complete applications with GrapeCity. See for yourself and empower your development today.

## Article 2
### [DINOv2: State-of-the-art computer vision models with self-supervised learning (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DINOv2: State-of-the-art computer vision models with self-supervised learning (Website)

Meta AI has built DINOv2, a new method for training high-performance computer vision models using self-supervision. DINOv2 delivers strong performance and does not require fine-tuning, making it suitable for use as a backbone for many different computer vision tasks. DINOv2 can learn from any collection of images and also learn features, such as depth estimation, that the current standard approach cannot. Meta has released a demo and open-sourced the model on GitHub.

## Article 3
### [Kv.js (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Kv.js (GitHub Repository)

KV.JS is a fast, in-memory data store written in pure JavaScript, heavily inspired by Redis. It is capable of handling multiple data types, including strings, lists, sets, sorted sets, hashes, and geospatial indexes.

## Article 4
### [Kubernetes ChatGPT Bot (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Kubernetes ChatGPT Bot (GitHub Repository)

A ChatGPT bot for Kubernetes issues. Ask AI how to solve your Prometheus alerts, get pithy responses.

## Article 5
### [A forty-year career (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A forty-year career (6 minute read)

A career usually lasts 40 years, but thatE28099s not always thought about in Silicon ValleyE28099s entrepreneurial culture. What does a career look like if  focused on growth and engagement, and if eras were measured not in equity and IPOs but instead in decades? The author argues for focusing on a small handful of things that build together, with each making the others more impactful as they compound over time. These things are pace, people, prestige, profit, and learning.

## Article 6
### [Some thoughts on OpenSSH versus SSH (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Some thoughts on OpenSSH versus SSH (3 minute read)

OpenSSH is the dominant SSH implementation, but not the only one. While SSH is a protocol with multiple implementations, OpenSSH is the main project moving the protocol forward with its extensions for certificates. Other implementations still matter, as they are used in important and relevant places, even if OpenSSH is the only one evolving the protocol.

## Article 7
### [React Context: The Detailed Guide (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 React Context: The Detailed Guide (10 minute read)

Context can be used as an alternative to passing data using props. This guide gives you all the information you need to understand what React Context is and how you can implement it in your React code.

## Article 8
### [Web LLM runs the vicuna-7b Large Language Model entirely in your browser, and itE28099s very impressive (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Web LLM runs the vicuna-7b Large Language Model entirely in your browser, and itE28099s very impressive (5 minute read)

Web LLM has been a hit since its debut. It allows you to run LLMs locally in your browser, instead of relying on an API. Simon Willison tries it out with many examples in this blog and expresses his thoughts on why Web LLM matters a lot.

## Article 9
### [Google in shock as Samsung considers moving to Bing as default search engine on Galaxy phones (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google in shock as Samsung considers moving to Bing as default search engine on Galaxy phones (3 minute read)

Samsung is looking to change its default search engine to Bing, mostly for its AI features. This move puts Google in shock as Samsung phones generate nearly $3 billion in revenue for Google by having it as the default search engine. Click the link to learn more about the heated AI-powered search engine war.

## Article 10
### [RedPajama, a project to create leading open-source models, starts by reproducing LLaMA training dataset of over 1.2 trillion tokens (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RedPajama, a project to create leading open-source models, starts by reproducing LLaMA training dataset of over 1.2 trillion tokens (4 minute read)

Foundation models such as GPT-4 have driven rapid improvement in AI. However, the most powerful models are closed commercial models or only partially open. RedPajama is a project to create a set of leading, fully open-source models. They have announced the completion of the first step of this project: the reproduction of the LLaMA training dataset of over 1.2 trillion tokens.

## Article 11
### [OpenAIE28099s CEO Says the Age of Giant AI Models Is Already Over (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAIE28099s CEO Says the Age of Giant AI Models Is Already Over (4 minute read)

Sam Altman says the research strategy that birthed ChatGPT is played out and future strides in artificial intelligence will require new ideas. Creating larger and larger models will no longer lead to large increases in performance, but rather new architectures and better data will.

## Article 12
### [How Slow is SELECT * ? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Slow is SELECT * ? (2 minute read)

A technical dive into the not-so-obvious costs of using SELECT *

## Article 13
### [Open source is fueling the future of nuclear physics (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Open source is fueling the future of nuclear physics (6 minute read)

Nuclear physicists have formed an unlikely friendship with open source software.

