# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-05-2023

## Article 1
### [F09F8C8EHiber3D lets you build interactive 3D worlds and publish them to the web using React (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 F09F8C8EHiber3D lets you build interactive 3D worlds and publish them to the web using React (Sponsor)

The Hiber3D Development Kit (HDK) is a React framework for creating web-based 3D experiences. ItE28099s powered by a cross-platform, lightweight (<5MB) engine thatE28099s compatible across all major mobile, tablet, and desktop browsers.HDK features built-in multiplayer, character controls, gameplay mechanics, commerce connections, customizable avatars, and more, allowing you to create interactive 3D worlds rapidly. With a growing library of pre-built 3D assets you can get started instantly.Ready to share your creations? Embed them on your website or publish to HiberWorld, a network of almost 5M worlds.See live showcases (with code), get inspired, and build your own 3D world.

## Article 2
### [Comprehensive Rust (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Comprehensive Rust (Website)

Comprehensive Rust is a three-day course used internally at Google to teach Rust to experienced software engineers. Created by the Android team, it covers the full spectrum of Rust, from basic syntax to advanced topics like generics and error handling. It also includes Android-specific content on the last day. The course assumes no prior Rust knowledge.

## Article 3
### [How to start a Go project in 2023 (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to start a Go project in 2023 (25 minute read)

This comprehensive guide goes over how to get started with Go in 2023. It covers all the topics needed to be set up with Go in a productive manner, such as unit testing, profiling, OS specific code, and useful tools.

## Article 4
### [Unleashing your potential: 5 strategies to identify breakout leadership opportunities in tech (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unleashing your potential: 5 strategies to identify breakout leadership opportunities in tech (6 minute read)

Gayatri Iyengar, the Head of Engineering at DoorDash, believes that the key to an exceptional career is taking advantage of breakout opportunities - be it looking for a new job, moving to a new team, or moving into a leadership role for the first time. To excel in such breakout opportunities, it's vital to develop skills beyond technical expertise, including skills such as leadership, business acumen, entrepreneurial mindset, collaboration, problem-solving, and strategic thinking. This blog post discusses five strategies to keep in mind to make the most of your career.

## Article 5
### [Using anti-requirements to find system boundaries (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Using anti-requirements to find system boundaries (5 minute read)

Starting a new project in a company involves lots of meetings with business stakeholders to hash out initial requirements and canonical data models. To help decompose a complex domain, we can use anti-requirements to find attributes incorrectly lumped together on the same entity. Using anti-requirements is a powerful way to increase autonomy by breaking your domain into separate islands that can evolve independently.

## Article 6
### [Writing Python like itE28099s Rust (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Writing Python like itE28099s Rust (8 minute read)

A Python programmer switched to Rust for a while and experienced the strictness of the Rust type system, while noticing all the problems that it prevents E2809Cby constructionE2809D. Going back to PythonE28099s type-loose programming style after that was tough, so the author adopted some concepts from Rust in his Python programs. In this post, the author shows a few examples of such patterns applied to Python programs.

## Article 7
### [Automatic Comments Generator (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Automatic Comments Generator (Website)

Automatic Comments Generator looks through your code and adds comments using AI throughout to improve code clarity. It can also connect to a GitHub repository and create a pull request to do so automatically.

## Article 8
### [Rio (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rio (GitHub Repo)

Rio is a terminal built to run everywhere, as a native desktop application by Rust/WebGPU or even in the browser powered by WebAssembly/WebGPU.

## Article 9
### [ChainForge (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChainForge (GitHub Repo)</a>
ChainForge is an open-source visual programming environment for battle-testing prompts to LLMs. It is geared towards early-stage, quick-and-dirty exploration of prompts and response quality that goes beyond ad-hoc chatting with individual LLMs. With ChainForge, you can query multiple LLMs at once to test prompt ideas and variations quickly, compare response quality across prompt permutations and across models to choose the best prompt and model for your use case, set up an evaluation metric (scoring function), and immediately visualize results across prompts, prompt parameters, and models.

## Article 10
### [The tiny corp raised $5.1M (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The tiny corp raised $5.1M (3 minute read)</a>
Geohot, known for being the first person to carrier-unlock an iPhone and jailbreaking the PS3, has raised $5.1M for his company E2809Cthe tiny corp.E2809D The goal of the tiny corp is E2809Cto commoditize the petaflopE2809D by working on good software for AI chips.

## Article 11
### [PyPI was subpoenaed (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PyPI was subpoenaed (3 minute read)

In March and April 2023, the Python Software Foundation (PSF) received three subpoenas for PyPI user data. All three subpoenas were issued by the United States Department of Justice. The PSF was not provided with context on the legal circumstances surrounding these subpoenas. In total, user data related to five PyPI usernames were requested.

## Article 12
### [Apple is on the hunt for generative AI talent (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Apple is on the hunt for generative AI talent (2 minute read)

Apple has posted at least a dozen job ads on its career page seeking experts in generative AI. Specifically, itE28099s looking for machine learning specialists E2809Cpassionate about building extraordinary autonomous systemsE2809D in the field. The job ads (some of which seem to cover the same role, or are calling for multiple applicants) first started appearing April 27, with the most recent of them getting published earlier this week.

## Article 13
### [Improving performance with Lazy Pattern (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Improving performance with Lazy Pattern (2 minute read)

Lazy Pattern techniques like lazy loading and lazy hydration are a great way to improve your web applicationE28099s performance. This article explains both methods and explains how you can implement them in your own code.

