# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Featurevisor (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Featurevisor (GitHub Repository)

Featurevisor is a solution for managing your feature flags and remote config. It introduces a workflow that's fully git-based, where configuration is stored as YAMLs and changes are reviewed and merged via pull requests. The workflow results in datafiles (JSON files) that contain feature configurations, which can then be fetched by your applications and evaluated using Featurevisor SDKs.

## Article 2
### [PhaseLLM (GitHub Repository)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PhaseLLM (GitHub Repository)

PhaseLLM is a framework designed to help manage and test LLM-driven experiences, such as products, content, or other experiences that product and brand managers might be driving for their users. PhaseLLM makes it incredibly easy to plug-and-play LLMs and evaluate them against each other.

## Article 3
### [Superglue (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Superglue (Website)

Superglue is a React Redux starter and library designed to complement classic Rails. You can enjoy the benefits of Redux state management and React components without giving up the productivity of Rails form helpers, UJS, tag helpers, cookie auth, and more.

## Article 4
### [Explaining tech's notion of talent scarcity (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Explaining tech's notion of talent scarcity (10 minute read)

The tech industry has a notion that there is a scarcity for E2809Ctop talentE2809D. The article takes a closer look into what people and companies in the industry really mean by this, showing that each employer has different needs and defines E2809Ctop talentE2809D differently.

## Article 5
### [Why live coding interviews are inaccurate proxies for accessing candidates (10 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why live coding interviews are inaccurate proxies for accessing candidates (10 minute read)</strong>

This article argues why live coding interviews are a terrible proxy of accessing candidatesE28099 abilities. It dives into various reasonings, such as the emphasis of speed, irrelevant domain knowledge, and the application of unnecessary pressure. The author also suggests alternative interview methods that are potentially better than live coding.

## Article 6
### [The Deming Paradox: Operationally Rigorous Companies Aren't Very Nice Places to Work (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Deming Paradox: Operationally Rigorous Companies Aren't Very Nice Places to Work (7 minute read)

W. Edwards Deming is known as one of the leading management thinkers and the author of the E2809CDeming PhilosophyE2809D. His rules for management often include being data-driven, but the author here lays out the ways being solely data-driven can be counterproductive. Instead, policies must also be humanistic in nature in order to be maximally effective.

## Article 7
### [The URL is the ultimate global state management tool (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The URL is the ultimate global state management tool (5 minute read)

The Web History API is the only state management tool that's built into the browser, and supported by every browser. It doesn't require any libraries or frameworks, and it outperforms every other state management tool. The more your URL reflects the data that needs to be loaded, the more you can optimize your data fetching strategy. This is a detailed guide to using the URL effectively as a state management tool.

## Article 8
### [Using reactive variables with Apollo Client (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Using reactive variables with Apollo Client (5 minute read)

Managing state in modern web applications is crucial, and GraphQL's Apollo Client offers a solution for state management in client-side applications. Reactive variables are a powerful tool for managing local state within a JavaScript framework application, allowing for greater freedom and control over how to manage an application's data and state. With Apollo Client, reactive variables can be updated automatically, providing seamless, real-time updates to an app's UI without manual intervention.

## Article 9
### [Will coding jobs cease to exist in three years? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Will coding jobs cease to exist in three years? (8 minute read)

There have been many sensational statements about the impact automation, low code, and AI will have on the software developer job ecosystem. However, realistically, coding jobs wonE28099t completely disappear, but rather be very different in nature.

## Article 10
### [Meet the people using Notion to plan their whole lives (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meet the people using Notion to plan their whole lives (5 minute read)

Apps like Notion can help us structure and simplify our lives so they feel less overwhelming and chaotic. However, spending too much time optimizing and organizing our lives can be counterproductive when we prioritize creating to-do lists over completing the actual tasks on them, a phenomenon known as the planning fallacy. The article goes into pros and cons of using Notion to plan oneE28099s personal life through both personal perspectives from different people and data from experts.</span>

## Article 11
### [A completely non-technical explanation of AI and deep learning (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A completely non-technical explanation of AI and deep learning (7 minute read)

AI, deep learning, and neural networks are complex topics, but this article explains them in a simple manner using a story.

## Article 12
### [What does '$' mean in RegEx? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What does '$' mean in RegEx? (2 minute read)

The E28098$E28099 symbol is one of the most commonly used symbols in RegEx as it is used to match the end of a string. This article explains what E28098$E28099 does with a couple of code examples.

## Article 13
### [45 ways to break an API server (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 45 ways to break an API server (7 minute read)

This article lists 45 code examples of negative tests that could break your API. ItE28099s an useful list to reference for error handling and when creating unit tests for your APIs.

