# Articles TLDR Web Dev 10-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Incident management built to scale (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Incident management built to scale (Sponsor)

Reduce manual work, get everyone on the same page, and improve time to resolution with a fully-customizable platform that works with all the tools you love.With FireHydrant, you can:Kickoff and manage incidents without leaving SlackInstantly assemble the right people and informationEliminate guesswork for respondersStreamline internal and external communicationsAuto-capture incident data for more efficient retrosJoin thousands of reliability-obsessed engineers - get started at firehydrant.com/tldr or watch our 4 minute demo.

## Article 2
### [Upscaling LinkedIn's profile datastore while reducing costs (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Upscaling LinkedIn's profile datastore while reducing costs (5 minute read)

## Article 3
### [Practical guide to not blocking the event loop (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Practical guide to not blocking the event loop (4 minute read)

JavaScript runs on a single thread, so itE28099s essential to make sure long running functions donE28099t block the main event thread. Besides making the function asynchronous, there are two other strategies to consider: horizontal scaling and off-loading to a separate thread. This article explains these three strategies with graphs of the event loop and code examples.

## Article 4
### [The ultimate guide to automatic accessibility testing in CI/CD for React apps (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The ultimate guide to automatic accessibility testing in CI/CD for React apps (5 minute read)

Even the best frontend devs can forget accessibility checks from time to time - thatE28099s why catching them with tests and lint rules are helpful. This blog covers how you can write accessibility tests in most of the popular testing and linting frameworks and how to integrate these tests into an applicationE28099s CI/CD.

## Article 5
### [The perils of JavaScript: How weE28099ve broken the internetE28099s security (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>The perils of JavaScript: How weE28099ve broken the internetE28099s security (4 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Do the weirdest thing that feels right (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Do the weirdest thing that feels right (4 minute read)

This is a general article about making decisions and itE28099s centered around the mantra E2809Cdo the weirdest thing that feels right.E2809D The author argues that weirdness is a construct that is a stand-in for other peopleE28099s expectations. So if there are a bunch of equally viable options, one should pick the weirdest one, because it means that is the one that is truest to them.

## Article 7
### [OP Vault (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OP Vault (GitHub Repo)

OP Vault uses the OP Stack (OpenAI + Pinecone Vector Database) to enable users to upload their own custom knowledge base files and ask questions about their content. With quick setup, devs can launch their own version of this Golang server along with a user-friendly React frontend that allows users to ask OpenAI questions about the specific knowledge base provided. The primary focus is on human-readable content like books, letters, and other documents, making it a practical and valuable tool for knowledge extraction and question-answering. You can upload an entire library's worth of books and documents and receive pointed answers along with the name of the file and specific section within the file that the answer is based on.

## Article 8
### [Jscanify (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jscanify (GitHub Repo)</a>
Jscanify is an open-source pure Javascript implemented mobile document scanner. It features paper detection, text highlighting, and paper scanning with distortion correction.

## Article 9
### [CheerpJ 3.0 (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CheerpJ 3.0 (1 minute read)

CheerpJ 3.0 is an implementation of the JVM in HTML5 and WebAssembly, designed to run Java applications on the browser. This is very useful to extend the life of legacy client-side Java applications.</span>

## Article 10
### [Compensation at Publicly Traded Tech Companies (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Compensation at Publicly Traded Tech Companies (8 minute read)

This article compiles median annual compensation data in 2022 for 50 publicly traded tech companies. It picks apart insights based on the data, such as the importance of geographic distribution of a companyE28099s workforce and the premium in working for a lesser-known brand.

## Article 11
### [Why I'm having trouble covering AI (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why I'm having trouble covering AI (7 minute read)

Covering AI poses challenges unlike any of the previous tech trends. For one, AI safety is a high variant topic. Geoffrey Hinton, sometimes called the E2809Cgodfather of AIE2809D, doesnE28099t think thereE28099s a way to prevent bad actors from using AI, while JC3BCrgen Schmidhuber, another renowned AI scientist, argues the other way.

## Article 12
### [Architecture comparison before and after Amazon Prime VideoE28099s migration (Twitter Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Architecture comparison before and after Amazon Prime VideoE28099s migration (Twitter Thread)

Amazon Prime VideoE28099s serverless to monolithic architecture change reduced costs by 90%. ItE28099s made waves across the engineering world. This Twitter thread breaks down the difference between the initial serverless architecture and the new monolithic architecture.

