# Articles TLDR Web Dev 15-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Advanced web performance optimization (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Advanced web performance optimization (7 minute read)

Web performance optimization has always been critical for websites and apps. As applications have steadily advanced in functionality, the need for reliable performance has increased. This article covers advanced web optimization techniques like lazy loading, caching, image compression, and more.

## Article 2
### [How hard is it to build a frontend framework? (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How hard is it to build a frontend framework? (12 minute read)</a>
Frontend frameworks help abstract away regular HTML and JavaScript in favor of understandable code, components, and reactivity. This article goes through how to build a basic frontend framework from scratch that has both reactivity and composability (component architecture) in less than 400 lines of code.

## Article 3
### [Designing Sticky Menus: UX Guidelines (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Designing Sticky Menus: UX Guidelines (6 minute read)

Sticky menus are very useful on mobile and in responsive web apps. However, there are a few things to keep in mind when you add them in, as they can greatly impact UX in certain situations, such as the behavior of the menu when the keyboard is up on mobile. This article discusses when you should & shouldn't use sticky menus, how to make sure it isnE28099t distracting to your users, and best practices to make sure they are always responsive and accessible.

## Article 4
### [Batteries included: how AI will transform the who and how of programming (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Batteries included: how AI will transform the who and how of programming (6 minute read)

ThereE28099s been a couple major programming tools that drastically improved developer productivity, such as high level languages, IDEs, code completion and so on. AI is the next major step in the evolution of programming - it will not only enable current developers to be more efficient, but also allow many non programmers to turn their ideas into apps.

## Article 5
### [Working on an unfamiliar codebase (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Working on an unfamiliar codebase (3 minute read)

As developers, itE28099s common to work on an unfamiliar codebase. It happens every time one joins a new project or even needs to work on a previously untouched part in big ones. This occurrence is not limited to a developer having to fix a bug; it can be a solution architect having to design a new feature or an open source contributor working on a GitHub issue in their free time. This article describes how to best approach the situation so that one can reduce the time needed to start making contributions to an unfamiliar codebase.

## Article 6
### [The open-source AI boom is built on Big TechE28099s handouts. How long will it last? (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The open-source AI boom is built on Big TechE28099s handouts. How long will it last? (7 minute read)

A lot of the open-source AI boom is built on Big Tech's research. For example, many of the headline-making models are built on top of LLaMA, an open-source large language model released by Meta AI. If these companies decide to stop releasing their models to the public, the open-source AI community could collapse in progress compared to closed-source AI. This is a critical time for the open-source AI community to find ways to make AI more accessible to everyone.

## Article 7
### [The Epic Stack (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Epic Stack (GitHub Repo)

The Epic Stack is an opinionated project starter and reference that allows teams to ship their ideas to production faster and on a more stable foundation. It comes with a host of features, such as email/password authentication, transaction emails, custom image hosting, styling with TailwindCSS, GitHub Actions, and more.

## Article 8
### [Windmill (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Windmill (GitHub Repo)</a>
Windmill is an open-source developer platform to turn scripts into workflows and UIs. ItE28099s an alternative to Airplane and Retool. The script languages supported are Python, Typescript, Go, Bash, and SQL.

## Article 9
### [What's new in CSS and UI: I/O 2023 Edition](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What's new in CSS and UI: I/O 2023 Edition

This article features 20 of the most exciting and impactful CSS features in Chrome, such as container queries (which allow you to style elements based on the size of their container) and the :has() selector, which allows you to select elements that are descendants of an element that has E28098nE28099 number of children.

## Article 10
### [The JavaScript ecosystem is delightfully weird (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The JavaScript ecosystem is delightfully weird (6 minute read)

The JavaScript ecosystem is steadily growing. But less than 10 years ago, JavaScript wasnE28099t as featured as it is now - it didnE28099t have imports, classes, async, arrow functions, and more. As time went on, JavaScript has been innovated on, but JavaScript is still fundamentally different from languages like Ruby and Python.

## Article 11
### [UploadThing (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UploadThing (GitHub Repo)

File uploads for modern web devs.

