# Articles TLDR Web Dev 20-07-2023

## Article 1
### [Front-end Developer Kit from Datadog (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Front-end Developer Kit from Datadog (Sponsor)

Single-page applications and complex front-end frameworks are growing increasingly popular. Your approach to monitoring needs to evolve. This free developer kit gives you instant access to resources that help you take a user-centric approach.WhatE28099s inside:Best practices guides: key methods for improving front-end monitoring and testing strategies.Solutions brief: steps for catching and resolving issues proactively.On-demand webinar: how to better monitor and optimize front-end apps.WhatE28099s in it for you: Better understand user activity and troubleshoot front-end issues effectively.Cost: FREE.E29EA1EFB88F Get the full kit from Datadog!

## Article 2
### [The React Ecosystem in 2023 (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The React Ecosystem in 2023 (14 minute read)

This article lays out the current landscape of React tools and frameworks for routing, client and server state management, and testing. It also contains modules for other common use cases, such as styling, form handling, animation, and data visualization. ItE28099s a great refresher and overview on the current latest React offerings in web development.

## Article 3
### [Postgres vs MySQL: A complete comparison in 2023 (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Postgres vs MySQL: A complete comparison in 2023 (15 minute read)

In the recent Stack Overflow developer survey, Postgres was revealed to be the most used and preferred database by professional developers. As Postgres gains more momentum, it becomes harder to pick between Postgres and MySQL. MySQL is probably still the world's most popular open source database by install base. This article compares the two databases in terms of performance, features, extensibility, usability, and more.</span>

## Article 4
### [How to give presentations and demos your teammates will love (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to give presentations and demos your teammates will love (5 minute read)</a>
This article introduces the Problem-Agitate-Solution framework, used to give great presentations. It helps give presentations that E2809CwowE2809D your teammates. The article also gives tips for making the actual visuals of your presentation better, such as adding ample whitespace and showing versus telling.

## Article 5
### [To succeed at your next job interview and stand out from the crowd, follow these tips (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 To succeed at your next job interview and stand out from the crowd, follow these tips (4 minute read)

Interviews are a chance for job seekers to prove that they are the cream of the crop. Some tips to stand out from the crowd include doing your research beforehand, utilizing LinkedIn effectively, and looking into the job recruiter.

## Article 6
### [Web-Check (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Web-Check (GitHub Repo)

Web-Check is an all-in-one website OSINT tool for analyzing any website. It allows you to get an insight into the inner workings of a given website, letting you uncover potential attack vectors, analyze server architecture, view security configurations, and learn what technologies a site is using.

## Article 7
### [Infisical (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Infisical (GitHub Repo)

Infisical is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted platform for secret management: sync secrets across your team/infrastructure and prevent secret leaks.

## Article 8
### [LangSmith (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LangSmith (8 minute read)

LangChain has introduced LangSmith, a unified platform for debugging, testing, evaluating, and monitoring your LLM applications.

## Article 9
### [AI & InternetE28099s Existential Crisis (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI & InternetE28099s Existential Crisis (4 minute read)

The Internet is having an existential crisis. Humans have freely and liberally created and shared information on the Internet for the past twenty-five years. AI models have been trained using this content created by humans. However, there is now a stark reality: AI will create content humans consume and the machines will use this machine-generated information for training machines, which could lead to degenerated future AI models.

## Article 10
### [How AI Will Create a New Category of Games (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How AI Will Create a New Category of Games (17 minute read)

Generative AI can help create new AI-first game categories and dramatically expand existing genres. While early, a few AI-powered gameplay areas that are intriguing include generative agents, personalization, AI storytelling, dynamic worlds, and AI copilots. If successful, these systems could combine to create new categories of AI-first games that entertain, engage, and retain players for a very long time.

## Article 11
### [How to Write a Great README (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to Write a Great README (13 minute read)

The README needs to explain what the project does, how to use it, and how people can help out.

## Article 12
### [GPT-4 is getting worse over time (Twitter Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT-4 is getting worse over time (Twitter Thread)

A recent study shows how the June version of GPT-4 is objectively worse than the version released in March on a few tasks.

