# Articles TLDR AI 18-10-2023

The PyTorch team introduced a new lightweight runtime and conversion
for models to run on resource-constrained edge devices.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=030186c0-6da7-11ee-9bce-016dfd808ef3&pt=campaign&t=1697634338&s=1369adb80960f9ba88e103c86183e2dd86eb257e06983b3458dd8a868c0fa737]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Masterworks]
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=10-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+AI+Subscribers+&utm_content=landing_exp]

TLDR AI 2023-10-18

 HISTORICALLY HIGH 36% GROWTH WITH LOWER RISK? IT'S POSSIBLE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=10-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+AI+Subscribers+&utm_content=landing_exp]


 It's a market you‚Äôve likely never considered investing in, but its
average prices have risen at a whopping annualized rate of 36% over
the last 21 years. At the same time, this market's Sharpe ratio ‚Äì a
measure of volatility ‚Äì was 3x the S&P 500‚Äôs.
So what is this under-the-radar market? Paintings by the world
renowned artist Yoshitomo Nara. Now, if that sounds out of reach for
anyone that's not the heir to a family of oil barons ‚Äì think again
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=10-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+AI+Subscribers+&utm_content=landing_exp].¬†

Because Masterworks has you covered. This unique investment platform
enables savvy investors to invest in blue-chip art for a fraction of
the cost.¬†

Best of all, TLDR AI readers can skip the waitlist with this exclusive
link
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=10-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+AI+Subscribers+&utm_content=landing_exp].¬†

_Past performance is not indicative of future returns, investing
involves risk. The data shown represents whole art and is not
comparative of an investment into our offerings, which includes fees
and expenses._

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

 PYTORCH ON THE EDGE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://pytorch.org/blog/pytorch-edge/?utm_source=tldrai] 

 The PyTorch team introduced a new lightweight runtime and conversion
for models to run on resource-constrained edge devices. 

 PERSONAL AI PROOF ASSISTANT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://morph.so/blog/the-personal-ai-proof-engineer/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Proof assistant tools like Lean are amazing ways to formalize and
prove mathematical concepts on the computer. Morph Labs, in
collaboration with many groups, is building open proof assistants. Its
first model is extremely performant - based on Mistral - and is poised
to help unlock more mathematical knowledge. 

 BAIDU SAYS ERNIE 4.0 IS AS GOOD AS GPT-4 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/17/tech/china-baidu-ernie-ai-upgrade-intl-hnk/index.html?utm_source=tldrai]


 Baidu has introduced ERNIE 4.0, its advanced artificial intelligence
chatbot, claiming it to be on par with OpenAI‚Äôs GPT-4. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

 DEEP DIVE: INTRO TO REAL TIME MACHINE LEARNING (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonysun9.github.io/blog/2023/intro-rtml/?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Deep dive into all the components needed to build a modern real time
machine learning system. 

 IMPROVING SCENE GRAPH GENERATION WITH LLMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/rlqja1107/torch-LLM4SGG?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Weakly-Supervised Scene Graph Generation (WSSGG) using image captions
often faces challenges in capturing detailed relationships and
utilizing all available information. This study introduces LLM4SGG,
which leverages the capabilities of large language models to better
extract and align relationships from captions. 

 VISUAL LANGUAGE ACTION MODELS FOR SELF DRIVING (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://wayve.ai/thinking/lingo-natural-language-autonomous-driving/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Wayve has introduced Lingo, a model that operates on visual data, can
explain its choices, and take actions. The combined representation
across modalities is a rising trend popularized by CLIP and it's a
ripe area of research in robotics. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

 LIGHTWEIGHT FAST INFERENCE ENGINE FOR HUGGINGFACE DIFFUSERS (GITHUB
REPO) [https://github.com/chengzeyi/stable-fast?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Lots of small improvements have added up to substantial speed
improvements (claimed 60 steps per second up from 23). 

 SIMULATING BEETHOVEN USING LLMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/choosewhatulike/trainable-agents?utm_source=tldrai]


 This project introduces Character-LLM, which trained large language
models to emulate historical personalities like Beethoven and Julius
Caesar by feeding them tailored profiles. 

 INSIGHTS FROM FINETUNING LORA (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://lightning.ai/pages/community/lora-insights/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Takeaways from hundreds of experiments fine-tuning LoRA. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 DOES IT MATTER TO YOU IF AI MAKES A WORK OF ART YOU LOVE? (11 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/4sOFL?utm_source=tldrai] 

 WSJ readers debated AI's role in art creation. Responses varied from
skepticism about AI's emotional depth to seeing it as just another
tool. Transparency on AI's involvement was a common theme. 

 AI FAQS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/what-people-ask-me-most-also-some?utm_source=tldrai]


 This article debunks myths about Generative AI, highlighting the
challenges in detecting AI-generated content and the need for
educators to adapt. Despite uncertainties about AI's future growth,
current advancements indicate that we're only at the beginning of its
potential. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 MICROSOFT-AFFILIATED RESEARCH FINDS FLAWS IN GPT-4 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/microsoft-affiliated-research-finds-flaws-in-gtp-4/?utm_source=tldrai]


 A Microsoft-affiliated research paper found that GPT-4, despite being
generally more trustworthy than GPT-3.5, can be more easily
manipulated into producing toxic and biased content through specific
"jailbreaking" prompts. 

 SOFTR AI (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.producthunt.com/posts/softr-ai?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Build apps effortlessly with a single prompt! Whether it's an
intranet, client portal, or an internal tool, see your prompts come to
life with a fully functional web app. 

 ADOBE‚ÄôS PROJECT STARDUST IS A SNEAK PREVIEW OF ITS NEXT-GEN AI
PHOTO EDITING ENGINE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/10/adobes-project-stardust-is-a-sneak-preview-of-its-next-gen-ai-photo-editing-engine/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Adobe previewed Project Stardust in MAX, an AI photo editor using
Firefly Model 2 for tasks like object removal. Similar to Google's
Magic Editor, it highlights a shift towards user-friendly advanced
image editing, prompting discussions on photography's future. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring AI researchers, machine
learning engineers, data scientists or other tech talent, CLICK HERE
TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=030186c0-6da7-11ee-9bce-016dfd808ef3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697634019&t=1697634338&s=873aef5eaf81c6f1c5d3b67b261522b143c76d18d9c56ed6b363338a867615e3].