# Articles TLDR AI 25-10-2023

The world needs to address AI risks urgently, similarly to the climate
crisis¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=040811ae-7321-11ee-a12a-43b2027293bd&pt=campaign&t=1698239157&s=a1e3ef37ed4886dbae99e32b9d8fdfc2a99a2be4cf7c845253bf1734ae303ad8]


		TLDR 

TLDR AI 2023-10-25

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

 THIS NEW DATA POISONING TOOL LETS ARTISTS FIGHT BACK AGAINST
GENERATIVE AI (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/10/23/1082189/data-poisoning-artists-fight-generative-ai?utm_source=tldrai]


 Researchers from the University of Chicago have developed a tool that
allows artists to add invisible changes to their artwork. Nightshade
causes AI models trained on these pieces to malfunction. The tool aims
to deter AI firms from using artists' works without permission.
Nightshade will be integrated into Glaze, a tool for artists to mask
their styling, and will be made open-source for wider use. 

 OPENAI PLANS MAJOR UPDATES TO LURE DEVELOPERS WITH LOWER COSTS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/openai-plans-major-updates-lure-developers-with-lower-costs-sources-2023-10-11?utm_source=tldrai]


 OpenAI is planning significant updates to help developers create
AI-based applications more affordably and swiftly. The updates include
the addition of memory storage and new vision capabilities for
developers that could greatly reduce development costs. The
enhancements are expected to be announced at OpenAI‚Äôs first-ever
developer conference on November 6th. 

 LEADING AI EXPERT ADVOCATES FOR URGENT GLOBAL RESPONSE TO AI RISKS
COMPARABLE TO CLIMATE CRISIS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2023/oct/24/ai-risk-climate-crisis-google-deepmind-chief-demis-hassabis-regulation?utm_source=tldrai]


 Google's AI unit's CEO, Demis Hassabis, warns that the world needs to
address AI risks urgently, similarly to the climate crisis. He
suggests an oversight body like the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change to tackle dangers from AI. Hassabis believes AI could be highly
beneficial, but its potential risks require international attention. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

 IMPROVED VIDEO DIFFUSION WITH NOISE SCHEDULING (25 MINUTE READ)
[http://haonanqiu.com/projects/FreeNoise.html?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Generating a single image from a single prompt is generally fine, but
fails when generating video because of the temporal changes between
frames. However, consistency when changing text is quite challenging.
This work tackles both of these problems and enables generations up to
512 frames long using diffusion. 

 META‚ÄôS HABITAT 3.0 SIMULATES REAL-WORLD ENVIRONMENTS FOR
INTELLIGENT AI ROBOT TRAINING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://siliconangle.com/2023/10/20/metas-habitat-3-0-simulates-real-world-environments-intelligent-ai-robot-training/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Meta‚Äôs FAIR team has launched Habitat 3.0, an enhanced AI
simulation environment for training robots to navigate real-world
scenarios. 

 USING SEGMENT ANYTHING MODEL FOR 3D MEDICAL IMAGING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/uni-medical/sam-med3d?utm_source=tldrai] 

 SAM-Med3D is an upgraded version of the Segment Anything Model (SAM)
tailored specifically for 3D medical imaging. While the original SAM
struggled with 3D medical images, SAM-Med3D, trained on a vast dataset
of over 131K 3D masks, delivers superior results by capturing 3D
spatial details with fewer input prompts. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

 ENHANCED VISUAL REASONING WITH VISION-LANGUAGE MODELS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cliangyu/cola?utm_source=tldrai] 

 The repo introduces Cola, a system that uses a large language model
to coordinate various vision-language models (VLMs) for improved
visual reasoning. 

 AGENTTUNING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/THUDM/AgentTuning?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Instruction-tune LLMs using interaction trajectories across multiple
agent tasks. 

 DEEPSPARSE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/neuralmagic/deepsparse?utm_source=tldrai] 

 DeepSparse is a CPU inference runtime that takes advantage of
sparsity to accelerate neural network inference. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CAN OPENAI WIN CONSUMER AND ENTERPRISE? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/can-openai-win-consumer-and-enterprise?utm_source=tldrai]


 OpenAI has so far won both consumer and enterprise with ChatGPT and
APIs respectively, but whether they will be able to continue to do so
remains unknown. 

 EMOTIONAL LABOR IS HOW WE DIFFERENTIATE FROM AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/10/emotional-labor-and-its-consequences/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Showing up with a smile and a handshake is something AI can‚Äôt do,
for now. 

 LEAKED GOOGLE AI INNOVATIONS: MULTIMODAL GEMINI AND REVOLUTIONARY APP
PROTOTYPING FEATURE, STUBBS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@bedros-p/gemini-is-coming-to-makersuite-so-are-stubbs-32248f3924aa?utm_source=tldrai]


 Google is replacing PaLM 2 with Gemini, a multimodal AI model coming
to Makersuite, which will offer image and text recognition features.
The company also has a hidden tool called Stubbs that enables users to
build and launch AI-generated app prototypes. Makersuite will soon
fully support language translation. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 APPLE COULD SPEND $4.75B ON AI SERVERS IN 2024 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/23/apple-ai-server-spending-2024/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Apple is expected to spend billions of dollars on AI servers in 2023
and 2024. 

 CLAUDE AVAILABLE IN 95 COUNTRIES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AnthropicAI/status/1714025126516432996?utm_source=tldrai]


 Anthropic‚Äôs Claude chatbot is now available in 95 countries around
the world. 

 ZAPLIFY (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.producthunt.com/posts/zaplify?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Zaplify uses AI to personalize LinkedIn and email outreach. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring AI researchers, machine
learning engineers, data scientists or other tech talent, CLICK HERE
TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=040811ae-7321-11ee-a12a-43b2027293bd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698238818&t=1698239157&s=e8b878fc5d06ca0916dd0ecc2892f9e466cd62876ef9135345351b1c8d4dce41].


¬†