# Articles TLDR AI 05-04-2023

Launched last October, LangChain is an open source tool kit for
composing models together.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=5f357ef0-d389-11ed-92c8-e14aae726f71&pt=campaign&t=1680700045&s=6e223d114982c22d3832b7befa6b0ac6352db3223791eb6d5eadf7c3382288c2]


		TLDR 

DAILY UPDATE 2023-04-05

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

LANGCHAIN RAISES $10M SEED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.langchain.dev/announcing-our-10m-seed-round-led-by-benchmark/?utm_source=tldrai]


Launched last October, LangChain is an open source tool kit for
composing models together. They make it easy to use tools, call APIs,
and take advantage of powerful pre-trained generative models.
They‚Äôre raising money to help better reach their goals of safety,
retrieval, and integration to the broader ML ecosystem. 

PALM API & MAKERSUITE: AN APPROACHABLE WAY TO START PROTOTYPING AND
BUILDING GENERATIVE AI APPLICATIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://developers.googleblog.com/2023/03/announcing-palm-api-and-makersuite.html?utm_source=tldrai]


Google is empowering developers to build the next generation of
applications with generative AI by providing easy-to-use APIs and
tools such as the newly announced PaLM API and MakerSuite. These tools
will be available to select developers through a Private Preview,
making it easy and safe to experiment with Google's large language
models. 

AN INTERVIEW WITH DANIEL GROSS AND NAT FRIEDMAN ABOUT THE AI PRODUCT
REVOLUTION (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/an-interview-with-daniel-gross-and-nat-friedman-about-the-ai-product-revolution/?utm_source=tldrai]


Ben Thompson previously conducted interviews with Daniel Gross and Nat
Friedman in October and December of the previous year. During the
first interview, they discussed the limited availability of AI
products despite the advanced capabilities of models such as GPT-3. In
a subsequent interview in December, the conversation shifted after the
emergence of ChatGPT. Now, three months later, Thompson plans to catch
up with Gross and Friedman to discuss the surge of AI products that
have become available in recent times. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

MORE DATA IS BETTER, EVEN FOR ROBOTS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://ai.facebook.com/blog/robots-learning-video-simulation-artificial-visual-cortex-vc-1/?utm_source=tldrai]


A fun paradox is that of Moravec which essentially says that getting
computers to do knowledge work is easy but simple manipulation is
hard. This work is a cool step towards improving robotic mobile
manipulation. They train a single Visual Cortex model (which is open
sourced) that can handle 17 different challenging task
representations. They then have some clever simulation training and
real world adaptation on a boston dynamics robot which is impressively
successful at navigating unfamiliar houses, finding objects, and
moving them to a target location. If anything, it‚Äôs a nice break
from the deluge of language models. 

HOW DOES RLHF CHANGE THE INNER-WORKINGS OF TRANSFORMERS? (17 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.eleuther.ai/trlx-exploratory-analysis/?utm_source=tldrai]


The field of mechanistic interpretability studies the inner workings
of a neural network to try and figure out which pieces correspond to
what sort of behavior. RLHF seems to dramatically alter the behavior
of a model, although that effect may not scale to more capable models.
The main question of ‚Äúwhat alterations are happening‚Äù remains
unanswered. This blog post is an interesting exploration of a small
GPT style model trained to generate negative movie reviews. They find
that a small subset of the model is responsible for the novel
behavior. 

ANOTHER LLAMA MODEL JOINS THE ZOO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2023/04/03/koala/?utm_source=tldrai] 

Similar to Alpaca from Stanford, Koala was trained on dialog and
instruction data. However, they didn‚Äôt use distillation from the
OpenAI models, but sourced their data from freely available sources on
the web. Their model actually seems comparable to strong closed source
models and the code to fine-tune along with the dataset are available
for further study. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

FOLLOW YOUR POSE: TEXT-TO-VIDEO GENERATION USING POSE-FREE VIDEOS
(GITHUB REPO) [https://follow-your-pose.github.io/?utm_source=tldrai] 

This paper proposes a two-stage training scheme for generating
text-editable and pose-controllable character videos, using easily
obtainable datasets and a pre-trained text-to-image model. The method
successfully generates pose-controllable character videos and retains
the editing abilities of the pre-trained model. 

FAST REAL-TIME VIDEO ENHANCEMENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://jeya-maria-jose.github.io/rebotnet-web/?utm_source=tldrai] 

ReBotNet is a video model that is designed to enhance live streams and
video conferences in real-time. They use a dual-branch network that
learns different types of video abstractions like location and time
based ones. They then use a common decoder network to output the
enhanced frames. It runs at 50 fps, uses about 5gb of memory and
performs on par with models 8x larger. 

BABYAGI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/yoheinakajima/babyagi?utm_source=tldrai] 

Babyagi is a Python AI-powered task management system. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI IN 14 CHARTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://hai.stanford.edu/news/2023-state-ai-14-charts?utm_source=tldrai]


Learn about the state of AI in 14 charts. 

TAKEAWAYS FROM STANFORD‚ÄôS 386-PAGE AI REPORT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/04/the-takeaways-from-stanfords-386-page-report-on-the-state-of-ai/?utm_source=tldrai]


This article dives into some of the high-level takeaways from
Stanford‚Äôs massive AI report. Here are some takeaways: AI
development has flipped over the last decade from academia-led to
industry-led, by a large margin, and this shows no sign of changing.
It‚Äôs becoming difficult to test models on traditional benchmarks and
a new paradigm may be needed here. The energy footprint of AI training
and use is becoming considerable, but we have yet to see how it may
add efficiencies elsewhere. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BIDEN MEETING WITH ADVISORS TO DISCUSS AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/president-biden-ai-risks?utm_source=tldrai]


President Joe Biden is to meet with the scientific advisors of the
President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) to
discuss the "risks and opportunities" of artificial intelligence. 

AMAZON LAUNCHES STARTUP ACCELERATOR FOR GENERATIVE AI COMPANIES (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.geekwire.com/2023/amazon-launches-startup-accelerator-for-generative-ai-companies/?utm_source=tldrai]


Amazon has launched a new accelerator for companies building
generative AI technologies. 

EXPEDIA INTEGRATES GPT-4 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/04/04/expedia-gpt-4-travel-planning/?utm_source=tldrai]


Expedia has integrated GPT-4 to assist with travel planning. 

RASK - AI VIDEO LOCALIZATION & DUBBING APP (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.producthunt.com/posts/rask?utm_source=tldrai] 

Rask AI is a one-stop-shop localization tool allowing content creators
to translate their videos into 60+ languages efficiently. With
"Text-to-Voice" and "Voice Cloning" technologies, you may add a
human-like voiceover to videos without hiring a voice actor. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE AI TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
decision-makers, researchers, and engineers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=5f357ef0-d389-11ed-92c8-e14aae726f71&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680699620&t=1680700045&s=b4c15e1d9cc122f36c195530069e320b3b56e1d03f50665bcf0fbdaf47b7022a].


¬†