# Articles TLDR AI 29-08-2023

A secure and private version of ChatGPT is now available for
enterprises.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=0668030a-4658-11ee-aced-5d2457bf1216&pt=campaign&t=1693314450&s=a76ce6c99b9eb4bd52a4bab5262e6034078f56e4bd2919272f76aaff4fa17ff6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Gretel]
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]

TLDR AI 2023-08-29

GRETEL‚ÄôS TABULAR LLM GENERATES REALISTIC, CORRELATED DATASETS FROM
SCRATCH - NO TRAINING DATA REQUIRED (SPONSOR)
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]

You need realistic data for demos, testing, and pre-production
environments. Now you can use AI to get that data instantly, securely,
and cost-effectively. Gretel's novel tabular LLM
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]
was trained on half a trillion tokens to efficiently simulate tabular
data:
‚ú® Create a brand new, correlated dataset with the correct data
types, based on a prompt, SQL schema, or query.
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]

‚ú® Expand existing data by automatically adding columns and records
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829].
Replace nulls and missing fields with realistic values.

‚ú® Build datasets for different regions
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]:
names, email domains, addresses, companies...

Generate millions of records and integrate them into your MLOps
pipelines
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]
‚Äî with Gretel, you‚Äôll have all the data you ever needed, and then
some.

Request early access here
[https://gretel.ai/tabular-llm?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_medium=newsletter-sponsorship&utm_campaign=tabular%20llm&utm_content=tldr-20230829]

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

CHATGPT ENTERPRISE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/introducing-chatgpt-enterprise?utm_source=tldrai]

A secure and private version of the massively popular language model
is now available for enterprises. It seems to be 2x faster, with a 32k
context length and no usage limits, and has significant security
improvements with SOC2 compliance. An interesting statistic of the
article is that 80% of all Fortune 500 companies have had employees
sign up to use ChatGPT. 

STATE OF AI REPORT - COMPUTE INDEX (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.stateof.ai/compute?utm_source=tldrai]

How many A100s does everyone have? This report likely dramatically
underestimates compute, but the partial ordering seems correct. Of
note - 7 published papers using Huawei's chip. 

ALIBABA LAUNCHES TWO NEW MODELS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/25/alibaba-new-ai-model-can-understand-images-more-complex-conversations.html?utm_source=tldrai]

Alibaba has launched two new artificial intelligence models: Qwen-VL
and Qwen-VL-Chat. The company says the models can understand images
and carry out more complex conversations. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

3D OBJECT LIGHTING WITH FEWER PHOTOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://nrhints.github.io/?utm_source=tldrai]

This research introduces a new method to recreate how light interacts
with 3D objects, using just a few pictures of that object. Unlike
older techniques, our system cleverly uses hints about shadows and
highlights, allowing it to handle various shapes and materials more
effectively. 

MULTI-CAMERA OBJECT TRACKING WITH A TWO-STAGE GRAPH MODEL (GITHUB
REPO) [https://github.com/chengche6230/rest?utm_source=tldrai]

This study introduces a new graph model for Multi-Camera Multi-Object
Tracking (MC-MOT) that focuses on both space and time. Unlike previous
methods that often make mistakes, this model first connects objects
across different cameras and then uses that info over time, making
tracking more accurate and ready for real-world use. 

A NEW VISUAL-LANGUAGE MODEL FOR RECOGNIZING FACIAL EXPRESSIONS (GITHUB
REPO) [https://github.com/zengqunzhao/dfer-clip?utm_source=tldrai]

This study unveils the DFER-CLIP model, which enhances the CLIP model
specifically for recognizing changing facial expressions in real-world
scenarios. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

OPEN SOURCE SOUND AND MUSIC GENERATION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/haoheliu/AudioLDM2?utm_source=tldrai]

An excellent model that runs quickly and generates beats, sound
effects, and basic dialogue. It is easy to get running and seems to be
fairly robust to prompting style. 

LAGENT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/InternLM/lagent?utm_source=tldrai]

A lightweight framework for building LLM-based agents. 

PROMPT2MODEL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/neulab/prompt2model?utm_source=tldrai]

Prompt2Model is a system that takes a natural language task
description to train a small special-purpose model that is conducive
for deployment. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GRAPH-BASED PROMPTING AND REASONING WITH LANGUAGE MODELS (20 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cameronrwolfe.substack.com/p/graph-based-prompting-and-reasoning?utm_source=tldrai]

An overview of the several prompting techniques that model the
reasoning process as a graph structure‚Äîrather than a chain or
tree‚Äîthat better captures the various types of non-linear patterns
that may occur when reasoning over a problem. 

LLMS ARE AGENTS OF CHAOS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://aiascendant.substack.com/p/llms-are-agents-of-chaos?utm_source=tldrai]

The excitement around AI has transitioned into a focus on practical
applications, which has brought to light some challenges, particularly
with LLMs as their outputs can be unpredictable. Engineers and
businesses grapple with controlling chaos for structured results,
while artists' hesitation to adopt AI stems from fears of job
displacement and legal issues, suggesting that edgier AI models may be
necessary for unlocking artistic potential. 

HOW DO WE GOVERN AGI? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://aisupremacy.substack.com/p/how-do-we-govern-agi?utm_source=tldrai]

This article examines governance strategies for advanced AI systems,
focusing on evaluations, access control, and international oversight,
with the goal of minimizing risk and maximizing upside. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MICROSOFT ADDS GOOGLE CHROME SUPPORT TO BING AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/08/28/bing-ai-google-chrome-support/?utm_source=tldrai]

As of this week, Microsoft is officially launching Google Chrome
support for Bing AI. 

DOORDASH IS LAUNCHING AN AI ANSWERING SERVICE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849040/doordash-ai-voice-ordering-takeout?utm_source=tldrai]

DoorDash is launching a new answering service for restaurants that
could put you on the phone with AI when ordering takeout or delivery. 

GPT PILOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Pythagora-io/gpt-pilot?utm_source=tldrai]

A scalable dev tool that writes entire apps from scratch while the
developer oversees the implementation. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring AI researchers, machine
learning engineers, data scientists or other tech talent, CLICK HERE
TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=0668030a-4658-11ee-aced-5d2457bf1216&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693314019&t=1693314450&s=5eab31e4f8da6951bb0c155d1654281723c3c92bb66eca182321f32d6f30cbac].