# Articles TLDR AI 07-07-2023

Get out from under GPT-3.5 and start using GPT-4 via the OpenAI API¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=c07e3d0a-1cae-11ee-b65b-0995deb9be3f&pt=campaign&t=1688735188&s=37b5d01892f988c8ab8dfe40398aa529ec47e6a27f10e454f0389873e3c6f865]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [BrightData] [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx]

TLDR AI 2023-07-07

RESIDENTIAL PROXIES FOR WEB SCRAPING¬†(SPONSOR)
[https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx]

BrightData [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx]¬†is the world's
top web¬†data¬†platform with over 72 million residential IP addresses
and 7 million mobile IP addresses for web scraping.
Use our web scraper IDE, scraping¬†browser, or API to unblock even the
toughest sites, or just use one of our pre-crawled datasets!

Avoid unnecessary downtime and never get blocked again,¬†sign up for
free today [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx].

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

OPENAI MAKES GPT-4 GENERALLY AVAILABLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/06/openai-makes-gpt-4-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Get out from under GPT-3.5 and start using GPT-4, which is generally
available starting today. 

CHATGPT DROPS ABOUT 10% IN TRAFFIC AS THE NOVELTY WEARS OFF (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.similarweb.com/blog/insights/ai-news/chatgpt-traffic-drops/?utm_source=tldrai]

Worldwide desktop and mobile web traffic to the ChatGPT website
dropped 9.7% from May to June, according to preliminary estimates. In
the U.S., the month-over-month decline was 10.3%. Worldwide unique
visitors to ChatGPT‚Äôs website dropped 5.7%. The amount of time
visitors spent on the website was also down 8.5%. ChatGPT still
attracts more worldwide visitors than Bing, Microsoft‚Äôs search
engine. 

LLAMAINDEX 0.7.0: BETTER ENABLING BOTTOMS-UP LLM APPLICATION
DEVELOPMENT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/llamaindex-blog/llamaindex-0-7-0-better-enabling-bottoms-up-llm-application-development-959db8f75024?utm_source=tldrai]

LlamaIndex has launched version 0.7.0 with the aim of improving the
library's modularity and customizability. The new version includes
standalone LLM abstractions for OpenAI, HuggingFace, and PaLM, allows
users to use the response synthesis module independently, and offers
enhanced metadata management for Document/Node objects. The update was
designed to enhance LLM application development and offer developers
more control over their workflows. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

TEXT-TO-IMAGE EDITING THROUGH FEATURE CORRESPONDENCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mc-e.github.io/project/DragonDiffusion/?utm_source=tldrai]

This repo introduces DragonDiffusion, a novel method that enhances the
editing precision of text-to-image models. Utilizing feature
correspondence within diffusion models, DragonDiffusion allows various
detailed image alterations, such as moving and resizing objects,
replacing appearances, and dragging content, all while maintaining the
image's original consistency and without the need for additional model
fine-tuning. 

MODELS GENERATING TRAINING DATA: HUGE WIN OR FAKE WIN? (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://dblalock.substack.com/p/models-generating-training-data-huge?utm_source=tldrai]

There has been buzz the past few days around a number of works
suggesting that models generating training data is a new unlock for
performance. On the other hand, the community has pushed back, saying
that the data processing inequality suggests this is impossible. What
if the truth is somewhere in between and generating training data acts
as a sort of filter for sampling from the distribution you actually
care about? 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

ENHANCING PROBLEM-SOLVING ABILITIES OF LLMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/declare-lab/flacuna?utm_source=tldrai]

This technical report details the creation of FLACUNA, a language
model that improves problem-solving capabilities by fine-tuning
VICUNA, another large language model, using a custom instruction
dataset called FLANMINI. 

IMAGE SEGMENTATION WITH HIERARCHICAL, OPEN-VOCABULARY LEARNING (GITHUB
REPO) [https://github.com/berkeley-hipie/hipie?utm_source=tldrai]

This paper presents HIPIE, a novel approach to image segmentation that
accounts for complex scenes by incorporating different semantic levels
into its learning process. It outperforms existing models across a
range of image comprehension tasks, offering a unified solution for
segmentation tasks in diverse contexts. 

INTERNLM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/InternLM/InternLM?utm_source=tldrai]

InternLM has open-sourced a 7 billion parameter base chat model
tailored for practical scenarios. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TALKING ABOUT A ‚ÄúSCHISM‚Äù IS AHISTORICAL (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@emilymenonbender/talking-about-a-schism-is-ahistorical-3c454a77220f?utm_source=tldrai]

This article argues that the framing of the debate between AI safety
and alignment as a "schism" is ahistorical and misleading. The author
argues that there has never been a unified AI safety community and
that the two camps have different goals and values. 

ADOBE LIMITS ITS EMPLOYEES‚Äô USE OF GENERATIVE AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://petapixel.com/2023/07/06/adobe-limits-its-employees-use-of-generative-ai?utm_source=tldrai]

Adobe has restricted employees' use of external AI tools, urging them
to use in-house offerings instead, according to an internal email from
CIO Cindy Stoddard. This move mirrors similar policies at Amazon,
Alphabet, Apple, and Samsung, indicating a broader trend in data
protection and promotion of proprietary tech. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CIRCLEBACK (PRODUCT) [https://circleback.ai/?utm_source=tldrai]

Circleback helps make meetings useful by delivering AI-driven notes
and action items you can trust. 

A HUMAN-CENTRIC APPROACH TO ADOPTING AI (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/07/06/1075323/a-human-centric-approach-to-adopting-ai/?utm_source=tldrai]

This article discusses the importance of taking a human-centric
approach when implementing artificial intelligence (AI) systems. It
emphasizes the need for ethical considerations, transparency, and
collaboration between humans and AI to ensure that AI technologies are
adopted responsibly and effectively. 

FULL-BODY AI SCANS COULD BE THE FUTURE OF PREVENTIVE MEDICINE (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/health/medical/full-body-ai-scans-could-be-the-future-of-preventive-medicine/?utm_source=tldrai]

CNET explores the potential of full-body AI scans in revolutionizing
preventive medicine. It highlights how AI-powered imaging technologies
can detect early signs of diseases and provide personalized health
insights, leading to more proactive and targeted healthcare
interventions. 

MYREADER (PRODUCT) [https://www.myreader.ai/?utm_source=tldrai]

Myreader lets you ask AI questions about a book, in essence allowing
the AI to read the book for you. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
professionals and early adopters, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=c07e3d0a-1cae-11ee-b65b-0995deb9be3f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688734821&t=1688735188&s=a116565969033888a5327364edfc62e5125b1563b2782a0b574c0cd3f496b402].