# Articles TLDR AI 23-10-2023

OpenAI is reportedly nearing a deal led by Thrive Capital that would
push its valuation to $80 billion¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=eb749af4-7195-11ee-8040-33e3045a0813&pt=campaign&t=1698066437&s=ac7a650450553b6a133801a6f31cc7a95acbb336b26a8a4f80efe178f6f7f709]


		TLDR 

TLDR AI 2023-10-23

üöÄ 

HEADLINES & LAUNCHES

 NEW NVIDIA AI AGENT CAN TRAIN ROBOTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/new-nvidia-ai-agent-powered-by-gpt-4-can-train-robots/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Nvidia Research has developed Eureka, an AI agent powered by OpenAI's
GPT-4 that autonomously trains robots in complex tasks. 

 OPENAI IN TALKS FOR DEAL THAT WOULD VALUE COMPANY AT $80 BILLION (4
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/9YLLz?utm_source=tldrai] 

 OpenAI is reportedly nearing a deal led by Thrive Capital that would
push its valuation to $80 billion, tripling its value in under six
months. This surge in its valuation started with OpenAI's ChatGPT
launch, igniting significant investments in leading AI companies. AI
entities remain investor favorites despite waning start-up funding due
to their transformative potential in tech. 

 UNIVERSAL MUSIC SUES ANTHROPIC OVER AI-GENERATED LYRICS (6 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/LcdWl?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Universal Music is suing AI start-up Anthropic for copyright
infringement, alleging the chatbot "Claude" reproduces copyrighted
lyrics without permission. The music industry is contending with AI's
capability to create "deepfake" songs. 

üß† 

RESEARCH & INNOVATION

 ‚ÄòMIND-BLOWING‚Äô IBM CHIP SPEEDS UP AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-03267-0?utm_source=tldrai]


 IBM has developed a brain-inspired computer chip (NorthPole) that
significantly enhances AI's speed and efficiency by reducing the need
to access external memory. 

 DEEP DIVE: BUILDING LLM-POWERED WEB APPS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ollama.ai/blog/building-llm-powered-web-apps?utm_source=tldrai]


 Most organizations don't have the resources to serve large models on
GPUs, but there's a strong open-source push to run these models
locally. This post explores that push and LangChain + Ollama
integrations. 

 MAKING AI FORGET SAFELY WITH A NEW METHOD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/optml-group/unlearn-saliency?utm_source=tldrai] 

 This project introduces a new method called 'saliency unlearning'
(Salun) that improves how AI systems forget data. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ENGINEERING & RESOURCES

 CAPTION UP SAMPLING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/sayakpaul/caption-upsampling?utm_source=tldrai] 

 One of the main drivers of quality for the new DALLE-3 image
generation model is improved data quality. This was obtained via
caption upsampling with internal models. Here is an implementation
with strong open-source models. 

 STATE OF MARK PROMPTING (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/SkalskiP/SoM?utm_source=tldrai] 

 With language models becoming multimodal, we now have more ways than
ever to prompt them. State of Mark prompting runs images through
Segment Anything first and numbers the detected classes. It then uses
that to prompt visual models. 

 SOLIDGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/AI-Citizen/SolidGPT?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Chat with and learn from your code repository. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 OPEN-SOURCE MODEL FOR EXTRACTING STRUCTURED DATA (HUGGINGFACE HUB)
[https://huggingface.co/HiTZ/GoLLIE-34B?utm_source=tldrai] 

 One of the main enterprise use cases for AI models is extracting
structured data like JSON or CSV from unstructured text. This is
mostly done today with function calls to gpt-3.5-turbo. GoLLIE
performs slightly better in general and can be run more confidently
with sensitive data. 

 MATH IS HARD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://garymarcus.substack.com/p/math-is-hard-if-you-are-an-llm-and?utm_source=tldrai]


 Despite claims to the contrary, MathGLM still can not do math. This
highlights the limitations of relying solely on large language models
for certain tasks. 

 NVIDIA BRINGS GENERATIVE AI COMPATIBILITY TO ROBOTICS PLATFORMS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/18/nvidia-brings-generative-ai-compatibility-to-robotics-platforms/?utm_source=tldrai]


 Nvidia's Deepu Talla highlights the advancements in generative AI for
robotics, with the company unveiling tools in the Jetson Generative AI
Lab to boost productivity, enable natural language interfaces, and
enhance AI deployments at the edge. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 MATH MISTRAL MODEL (HUGGING FACE HUB)
[https://huggingface.co/akjindal53244/Arithmo-Mistral-7B?utm_source=tldrai]


 Powerful model trained for math and reasoning. 

 HELPIX (PRODUCT) [https://helpix.ai/?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Solve most customer questions on autopilot. 

 ADEDITOR (PRODUCT) [https://www.adeditor.io/?utm_source=tldrai] 

 Ad creation made simple by using your existing assets. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring AI researchers, machine
learning engineers, data scientists or other tech talent, CLICK HERE
TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of AI
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrai&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Andrew Tan [https://twitter.com/andrewztan] & Andrew Carr
[https://twitter.com/andrew_n_carr] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR AI, please¬†click
here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=eedf6b14-3de3-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b8714-96a1-11ed-9899-3729ef006681&p=eb749af4-7195-11ee-8040-33e3045a0813&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698066101&t=1698066437&s=474c0534843bdfebc78ef93acce1fd8eaae6d5c589f14077b2edb6722c437c9c].