# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 11-08-2023

The UKs Electoral Commission was targeted in a cyberattack that
breached internal emails and voter data copies¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=13d9d388-382a-11ee-9e28-f57809d3c757&pt=campaign&t=1691759048&s=d4b1cb1ef688a17e572fd885783a8933b5bd7863e0ddaed3dbe0a3080f268c2d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-11

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

DOWNFALL VULNERABILITY DISCOVERED IN INTEL CPUS (5 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/downfall-flaw-intel-chips/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A researcher from Google, Daniel Moghimi, discovered a vulnerability
in some generations of Intel‚Äôs CPUs that can be used to leak
sensitive data. The vulnerability uses a technique known as Gather
Data Sampling to exploit the Gather instruction‚Äôs optimizations.
Newer generations of Intel CPUs are not vulnerable to this exploit. 

NEARLY EVERY AMD CPU SINCE 2017 VULNERABLE TO INCEPTION DATA-LEAK
ATTACKS (5 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/09/amd_inception/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Two weeks after Zenbleed, AMD processor users have another
data-leaking vulnerability to deal with. Like Zenbleed, this latest
hole can be used to steal sensitive data from a running vulnerable
machine. However, this vulnerability is harder to exploit. 

UK ELECTORAL COMMISSION HACKED BY 'HOSTILE ACTORS' (3 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/world/uk/uk-electoral-commission-says-it-was-targeted-by-hostile-actors-cyberattack-2023-08-08/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The UK's Electoral Commission was targeted in a cyberattack that
breached internal emails and voter data copies. Hostile actors had
server access for over a year before detection in Oct 2022. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

PERFORM CONTINUOUS VULNERABILITY SCANNING OF AWS LAMBDA FUNCTIONS (10
MINUTES READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/perform-continuous-vulnerability-scanning-of-aws-lambda-functions-with-amazon-inspector/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A tutorial from AWS on how to configure Amazon Inspector to perform
continuous vulnerability scanning of AWS Lambda functions. Amazon
Inspector triggers vulnerability scans on source code updates and when
new CVEs that may be relevant to the function are released. The
tutorial also includes steps to setup notifications using SNS and
Eventbridge. 

2023 GLOBAL CLOUD THREAT REPORT: CLOUD ATTACKS ARE LIGHTNING FAST (10
MINUTES READ)
[https://sysdig.com/blog/2023-global-cloud-threat-report/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Sysdig's 2022 cloud threat report highlights that attackers are
embracing the cloud for evasion and speed. Key findings include
cryptojacking's high cost, malicious containers in repositories,
targeted vertical attacks exploiting misconfigs, alarming cloud attack
speed measured in minutes, and advanced supply chain attacks through
malicious hidden images. 

HONEYPOT RECON: NEW VARIANT OF SKIDMAP TARGETING REDIS (15 MINUTES
READ)
[https://www.trustwave.com/en-us/resources/blogs/spiderlabs-blog/honeypot-recon-new-variant-of-skidmap-targeting-redis/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The team at TrustWave deep dives into how they used Honeypots to
investigate attacks on Redis instances. What they found was a new
variant of the malware SkidMap with additional sophistication that was
more dangerous than the known SkidMap malware. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

TFTUI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/idoavrah/terraform-tui?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

TFTUI is a textual GUI for terraform. It enables users to view and
interact with their complete terraform state tree. Users can also
taint or untaint resources directly from the GUI 

LEGITIFY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Legit-Labs/legitify?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Tool to detect and remediate misconfigurations, security, and
compliance issues across GitHub and GitLab assets. 

SWEET SECURITY RAISES $12M SEED ROUND FOR ITS CLOUD SECURITY SUITE (5
MINUTES READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/09/sweet-security-raises-12m-seed-round-for-its-cloud-security-suite/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Sweet Security, a Tel Aviv-based cloud security startup, today
announced that it has raised a $12 million seed round led by Glilot
Capital Partners, with participation from CyberArk Ventures. Sweet
provides businesses with a real-time cloud-native security suite that
aims to help security teams quickly stop attacks on cloud workloads. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MEET THE BRAINS BEHIND WORMGPT (6 MINUTES READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/08/meet-the-brains-behind-the-malware-friendly-ai-chat-service-wormgpt/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Rafael Morais, the creator of the black hat ChatGPT alternative
WormGPT, agreed to an interview with Brian Krebs. In this interview,
he explains his background, the motivations behind his work, and some
restrictions that he felt needed to be added to his ‚Äúno
restrictions‚Äù AI chatbot. 

.NET DEVELOPERS ALERT: MOQ NUGET PACKAGE EXFILTRATES USER EMAILS FROM
GIT (4 MINUTES READ)
[https://snyk.io/blog/moq-package-exfiltrates-user-emails/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

On August 8, 2023, the .NET community was informed that the testing
library Moq exfiltrated developers' emails from their development
machines and sent them off to third-party remote servers. 

NO ONE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN CYBER DEFENSES OTHER THAN YOU! (7
MINUTES READ)
[https://www.pwndefend.com/2023/08/10/no-one-is-responsible-for-your-own-cyber-defences-other-than-you/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Daniel Card, a security researcher with a lot of experience, including
working with the central government, provides a nuanced overview of
the UK's intelligence agencies and how each is responsible for the
defense of the country. While this is specific to the UK, the point
about owning responsibility for your security is pretty salient. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ARE YOU SMARTER THAN A SCAMMER? (2 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/interactive/2023/identify-scam-quiz-zelle-email-text/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

An interactive game/article that prompts you to guess whether each
example is a scam or legitimate. After making your selection, the
correct answer is explained. 

MICROSOFT PAID OUT $13 MILLION VIA BUG BOUNTY PROGRAMS FOR FOURTH
CONSECUTIVE YEAR (3 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/microsoft-paid-out-13-million-via-bug-bounty-programs-for-fourth-consecutive-year/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Microsoft has paid out more than $13 million through its bug bounty
programs for the fourth consecutive year. The payout was distributed
to 345 researchers from more than 45 countries between July 1, 2022,
and June 30, 2023. The money was paid out for more than 1,100
vulnerability reports, with the highest single reward reaching
$200,000. 

CHECKPOINT TO ACQUIRE SASE SECURITY FIRM PERIMETER 81 FOR $490 MILLION
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/check-point-to-acquire-sase-security-firm-perimeter-81-for-490-million/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Checkpoint Software acquired Perimeter 81 for $490m. The deal will
close in Q3 2023 and integrate Perimeter 81‚Äôs solutions into
Checkpoint Infinity‚Äôs architecture. It follows Perimeter 81 getting
accused of a botched disclosure process for a vulnerability found in
its macOS application. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=13d9d388-382a-11ee-9e28-f57809d3c757&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691758821&t=1691759048&s=f5c524fb2ccf680adc8f2217d23aa11fe1402325ff5e26158abd078fad5c19f8].