# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 16-08-2023

More than 4 million people had their sensitive medical and health
information stolen¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=f3bbef58-3c1d-11ee-995d-d3b720537732&pt=campaign&t=1692191081&s=a09c55ae4d776d8b094c4d58d4810411ea4e3e0016c3aa4f0e3e48670fcbd94a]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-16

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

APPLE BACKGROUND TASK MANAGER BYPASS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/14/mac-malware-background-task-manager/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Patrick Wardle presented three techniques to bypass macOS' malware
detection feature at DEFCON. The Background Task Manager functions by
alerting users and third-party security tools when new persistent
tasks are installed. Wardle discovered multiple exploit paths,
including two that don‚Äôt require root access. 

COLORADO WARNS 4 MILLION OF DATA STOLEN IN IBM MOVEIT BREACH (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/colorado-warns-4-million-of-data-stolen-in-ibm-moveit-breach/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

More than 4 million people had their sensitive medical and health
information stolen after hackers exploited a zero-day vulnerability in
the widely used MOVEit file transfer software. 

1.5 MILLION IMPACTED BY RANSOMWARE ATTACK AT CANADIAN DENTAL SERVICE
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/1-5-million-impacted-by-ransomware-attack-at-canadian-dental-service/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Canadian dental benefits administrator Alberta Dental Service
Corporation (ADSC) has started informing roughly 1.47 million
individuals about a ransomware attack discovered on July 9 in which
their personal information was compromised. The ADSC stated that less
than 7,300 records contained personal banking information. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HASHICORP VAULT MONITORING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/hashicorp-vault-observability-monitoring-vault-at-scale?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A guide from HashiCorp on monitoring Vault at scale. It covers threats
facing Vault, the various logs and data sources available, core
metrics, and tips on monitoring and reporting. 

KNOCKING ON HELL'S GATE - EDR EVASION THROUGH DIRECT SYSCALLS (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://labs.en1gma.co/malwaredevelopment/evasion/security/2023/08/14/syscalls.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This educational post covers dynamic syscall ID extraction using
Hell's Gate and C++ to build basic malware as a springboard for more
advanced evasion. While open source tools provide some bypass
potential, truly effective and subtle red team engagements require
custom malware resilient to signature/behavioral detection. Mastering
fundamentals like Hell's Gate lays the groundwork for advanced
techniques. 

A PAIN IN THE NAS: EXPLOITING CLOUD CONNECTIVITY TO PWN YOUR NAS (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://claroty.com/team82/research/a-pain-in-the-nas-exploiting-cloud-connectivity-to-pwn-your-nas-synology-ds920-edition?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Team82 deep dive into how it created a technique to impersonate NAS
devices to redirect users to an attacker-controlled device, allowing
attackers to access a user‚Äôs remote device, steal personal
information, and access stored data. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AWS LAUNCHES LOGICALLY AIR-GAPPED VAULT FOR BACKUP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/introducing-aws-backup-logically-air-gapped-vault/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

AWS Backup is a feature for backing up and isolating data in the event
of a ransomware attack. It allows for a further level of data
isolation. This announcement post includes details of how the
capability works and how to use it. 

NOIR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hahwul/noir?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

noir is an attack surface detector that uses source code analysis to
identify frameworks and programming languages used and endpoints. The
data can then be made available to tools like Burp Suite or ZAP. 

CVE BINARY TOOL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/intel/cve-bin-tool?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The CVE Binary Tool helps you determine if your system includes known
vulnerabilities. It can scan binaries for over 200 common vulnerable
components, including openssl, libpng, libxml2, and expat. It can
provide lists of known vulnerabilities associated with a Software Bill
of Materials or a list of components and versions. 

SPICEDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/authzed/spicedb?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

SpiceDB is an open source, Google Zanzibar-inspired, database system
for creating and managing security-critical application permissions. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ILLINOIS MAKES IT POSSIBLE TO SUE FOR DOXXING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/08/illinois-just-made-it-possible-to-sue-people-for-doxxing-attacks/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Illinois has just unanimously passed the Civil Liability for Doxing
Act. This law will allow for victims of doxxing recover damages and
request a temporary restraining order from their attackers. 

THREAT ACTORS USE BETA APPS TO BYPASS MOBILE APP STORE SECURITY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/threat-actors-use-beta-apps-to-bypass-mobile-app-store-security/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Cybercriminals are using maliciously crafted cryptocurrency investment
apps as beta versions to steal cryptocurrency from mobile app stores.
The malicious apps are submitted as betas, which are not subjected to
a thorough code review process and are only superficially examined for
safety. The FBI warns that the apps can be used to steal personally
identifiable information, financial account access, and take over
devices. 

ENTERPRISE SPENDING ON CYBERSECURITY HAS CHANGED, AND VENDORS MUST
ADAPT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/14/enterprise-spending-on-cybersecurity-has-changed-and-vendors-must-adapt/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The current economic downturn has affected CISOs. 54% of cybersecurity
budgets have been frozen or reduced. Startups have opportunities
through cost/customization advantages, though vendors overall need to
offer flexibility like free trials. Even in times of financial
restraint, cyber remains a priority, and smart vendors can creatively
align to needs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AWS NLBS NOW SUPPORT SECURITY GROUPS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/08/network-load-balancer-supports-security-groups/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

AWS Network Load Balancers (NLBs) allow for load balancing arbitrary
traffic in AWS. With this new update, security groups can be applied
to NLBs. This allows for more advanced NLB filtering. 

IGUANA'S SCURTISWEB ATM MONITORING SOFTWARE COULD ALLOW REMOTELY
HACKING ATMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://packetstormsecurity.com/news/view/34901/Iagona-ScrutisWeb-Vulnerabilities-Could-Expose-ATMs-To-Remote-Hacking.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Synack Red Team has discovered that French company Iagona's ScrutisWeb
ATM monitoring software has several vulnerabilities that could be
exploited by hackers to remotely hack ATMs, including check deposit
machines and payment terminals. The flaws were patched by the vendor
in July 2023 with the release of ScrutisWeb version 2.1.38. The
vulnerabilities include path traversal, authorization bypass, hard
coded cryptographic key, and arbitrary file upload issues that can be
exploited by remote, unauthenticated attackers. 

REAL ESTATE MARKETS SCRAMBLE FOLLOWING CYBERATTACK ON LISTINGS
PROVIDER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/5-days-on-cyberattack-on-data-provider-stymies-realty-markets-throughout-the-us/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Home buyers, sellers, real estate agents, and listing websites
throughout the US have been stymied for five days by a cyberattack on
a California company that provides a crucial online service used to
track home listings. A reminder of the real-world disruptions that
cyberattacks can impose on large numbers of people or businesses that
depend on a service that gets hacked. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=f3bbef58-3c1d-11ee-995d-d3b720537732&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692190862&t=1692191081&s=d2f67e5a892ce9f50cd898adeebde07abc488bf2bd56351619c21bc1483044e1].