# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 25-08-2023

Bots can solve captchas nearly instantly and with high accuracy.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=926ab910-433d-11ee-b0c9-150f77a45758&pt=campaign&t=1692968669&s=ad86056e2c05d64bd91ae2683b523f1a8159f44766fc2f646b6394325ffdb7af]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-25

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

RANSOMWARE INFECTS ALL OF CLOUDNORDIC‚ÄôS DATA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/23/ransomware_wipes_cloudnordic/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

CloudNordic, a large Danish cloud provider, has suffered a ransomware
attack that encrypted all customer data. The company cannot and will
not meet the ransom demands and advises customers to consider their
data lost. CloudNordic doesn‚Äôt believe that any data was accessed by
the attackers. 

AWS-TARGETING CRED STEALER EXPANDS TO AZURE, GCP (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sentinelone.com/labs/cloudy-with-a-chance-of-credentials-aws-targeting-cred-stealer-expands-to-azure-gcp/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Cloud credentials stealing campaigns continue to grow. Cloud service
credentials are increasingly targeted because teams are finding more
ways to profit from them. One actor has expanded its tooling from AWS
to target Azure and Google Cloud Platform. This report dives into how
the tooling interacts with the cloud providers and what is new with
the latest version. 

NEW "WHIFFY RECON" MALWARE TRIANGULATES INFECTED DEVICE LOCATION VIA
WI-FI EVERY MINUTE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.secureworks.com/blog/smoke-loader-drops-whiffy-recon-wi-fi-scanning-and-geolocation-malware?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Secureworks researchers witnessed the Smoke Loader botnet dropping a
custom Wi-Fi scanning executable to infected systems. The researchers
named the malware ‚ÄòWhiffy Recon‚Äô. It triangulates infected
systems' positions using nearby Wi-Fi access points and Google's
geolocation API. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

FROSTY TRAILS: THREAT-HUNTING FOR IDENTITY THREATS IN SNOWFLAKE (16
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.rezonate.io/blog/threat-hunting-in-snowflake/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Snowflake's popularity makes it an attractive target, requiring
vigilance against emerging threats. This post explores using built-in
logging to enhance security operations. It covers ten threat
scenarios, relevant exposed data, and a script for quick threat
hunting. 

BYPASSING BITLOCKER USING A CHEAP LOGIC ANALYZER ON A LENOVO LAPTOP
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.errno.fr/BypassingBitlocker?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

BitLocker's protection depends on its configuration, so with a
discrete Trusted Platform Module and no password, the BitLocker
decryption gets bound to the hardware. This article navigates through
how to use physical hacking to obtain the decryption key and hack into
a BitLocker-protected computer. 

STRATEGIES FOR FINDING SSRF VULNERABILITIES IN BUG BOUNTIES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/hacker_/status/1694554700555981176?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This X thread shares strategies for finding Server Side Request
Forgery (SSRF) attacks for bug bounties. These include trying
different URL schemes, stealing NT LAN Manager hashes with Responder,
trying alternative representations of IP addresses, and searching for
references to Kubernetes and hitting its API. The author of the thread
suggests being aware of a target's technologies and using open
redirects to find SSRF vulnerabilities. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GOOGLE WORKSPACE ANNOUNCES NEW ANTI-PHISHING CONTROLS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-introduces-11-new-security-features-for-workspace-some-ai-powered/#ftag=RSSbaffb68?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Google Workspace has announced 11 new defensive controls to protect
against social engineering attacks. Multi-party approval will require
sensitive enterprise actions to be approved by a separate admin than
the one that initiated the change. Other features include DLP, AI, and
logging support. 

MONKEY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/guardicore/monkey?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The Infection Monkey is an open source security tool for testing a
data center's resiliency to perimeter breaches and internal server
infection. It uses various methods to self propagate across a data
center and reports success to a centralized Monkey Island server. 

IAMBIC (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.noq.dev/blog/iambic-bridging-the-gap-between-iam-changes-and-version-control?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

IAMbic is designed to be a version control system for IAM systems.
IAMbic monitors IAM sources for any changes and makes a commit to a
git repository containing the details of the change. At present, AWS,
Azure AD, Google Workspace, and Okta are supported. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BOTS ARE BETTER AND FASTER AT SOLVING CAPTCHAS THAN HUMANS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.sciencetimes.com/articles/45365/20230811/bots-better-faster-humans-cracking-captcha-tests-nearly-100-accuracy.htm?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Bots can solve captchas nearly instantly and with high accuracy. In a
recent study, humans solved captchas with a 50-84% accuracy, taking
between 9-15 seconds, while bots had an accuracy rate of 85-100% and
solved captchas in less than a second. 

TORNADO CASH CRYPTO MIXER DEVS CHARGED WITH MONEY LAUNDERING (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://packetstormsecurity.com/news/view/34938/Tornado-Cash-Crypto-Mixer-Devs-Charged-With-Money-Laundering.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

US prosecutors have charged two of the developers of the crypto mixer,
Tornado Cash, with money laundering. The prosecutors allege that Roman
Semenov and Roman Storm facilitated the anonymization of hacked funds
on the platform while knowing that the funds were stolen. 

FBI: PATCHES FOR RECENT BARRACUDA ESG ZERO-DAY INEFFECTIVE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/fbi-patches-for-recent-barracuda-esg-zero-day-ineffective/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The FBI has warned that the patches Barracuda recently released for an
Email Security Gateway (ESG) vulnerability were not effective and that
the flaw is still being targeted in the wild. It is advising
organizations to remove all affected ESG appliances immediately and
scan their networks for abnormal activity. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEFAULT BEHAVIOR STICKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.thinkst.com/2023/08/default-behaviour-sticks-and-so-do-examples.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This blog post describes an instance where 40% of their users directly
copied an example domain from their documentation when setting up
custom DNS zones as well as other places where examples were given in
documentation. This can lead to more easily identifiable canaries. The
post concludes with lessons learned about the dangers of defaults and
examples. 

FBI FINDS 1,580 BITCOIN IN CRYPTO WALLETS LINKED TO NORTH KOREAN
HACKERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/fbi-finds-1580-bitcoin-in-crypto-wallets-linked-to-north-korean-hackers/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The FBI published 6 cryptocurrency wallets linked to North Korean
hackers, holding ~$40M+ in likely stolen funds. The cryptocurrency was
stolen by the Democratic People‚Äôs Republic of Korea's
TraderTraitor-affiliated actors (also known as the Lazarus Group and
APT38). 

CHINESE-BACKED APT ‚ÄòFLAX TYPHOON‚Äô HACKS TAIWAN WITH MINIMAL
MALWARE FOOTPRINT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/chinese-backed-apt-flax-typhoon-hacks-taiwan-with-minimal-malware-footprint/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Microsoft has discovered a Chinese government-backed APT actor called
Flax Typhoon that targets Taiwanese organizations with minimal malware
use and stealthily persists by exploiting legitimate software tools.
Flax Typhoon uses known vulnerabilities in public-facing servers and
legitimate tools built into the Windows operating system to quietly
remain in these networks, making it challenging to detect and mitigate
the attack. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=926ab910-433d-11ee-b0c9-150f77a45758&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692968419&t=1692968669&s=a3af3cb7309cb7e49066eb7fdedfbb4f3106a4f2dbd20536e9c8c8b2163b4a43].