# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 21-08-2023

A security flaw in the popular Windows file archiver WinRAR has been
fixed after being reported by a researcher to RARLAB¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=5e27435c-400f-11ee-9033-7b08db7192e9&pt=campaign&t=1692623192&s=5ff251a2efbe7c8d0b7f64e5c5be665131a96d16aa3ac42c8bfbdd28ebd6d07d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-21

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

MICROSOFT: SPHYNX RANSOMWARE EMBEDS IMPACKET, REMCOM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/microsoft/microsoft-blackcats-sphynx-ransomware-embeds-impacket-remcom/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Microsoft's Threat Intel team posted a series of blogs about
BlackCat‚Äôs new version of its Sphynx encryptor. Among the changes in
the new version: popular post-exploitation tools Impakcet and RemCom
were bundled with the encryptor. 

WINRAR FLAW ENABLES REMOTE CODE EXECUTION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://securityaffairs.com/149670/hacking/winrar-rce.html?utl_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A security flaw in the popular Windows file archiver WinRAR has been
fixed after being reported by a researcher to RARLAB. The
vulnerability, tracked as CVE-2023-40477, allowed attackers to execute
arbitrary code on a computer by opening a specially crafted RAR
archive. This was due to a lack of proper validation of user-supplied
data. Users are advised to update their installations to version 6.23
to address the flaw before it is exploited by attackers. 

AI USE RISING IN INFLUENCE CAMPAIGNS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/ai-use-rising-influence-campaigns-online-impact-limited-us-cyber-firm-2023-08-17/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Mandiant reports that it has seen an increase in the use of AI in
information manipulation campaigns. The success of these campaigns has
been fairly limited thus far. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

JAMF DEMONSTRATES HOW AIRPLANE MODE CAN BE SPOOFED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macworld.com/article/2033199/ios-16-iphone-airplane-mode-hackers-spoof.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Jamf published a report detailing methods to make an iPhone on iOS 16
appear to be in airplane mode. The report details modifications to the
control center, airplane mode icon, and app network connectivity used
to achieve this effect. No iOS vulnerabilities are exploited in this
technique 

JOURNEY INTO WINDOWS KERNEL EXPLOITATION: THE BASICS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.neuvik.com/journey-into-windows-kernel-exploitation-the-basics-fff72116ca33?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This blog post embarks on the initial stages of kernel exploitation.
The content serves as an introduction, leading to an imminent and
comprehensive whitepaper centered around this subject matter. Through
this, a foundation is laid for understanding how kernel drivers are
developed, as well as a basic understanding of key concepts that are
instrumental to comprehending the paper itself. 

SECURE JAVA URL ENCODING AND DECODING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://snyk.io/blog/java-url-encoding-decoding/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

URL encoding converts non-standard characters to valid % escapes so
URLs transmit reliably. The purpose of URL encoding is not to hide
parts of a URL from an outside observer, but rather to ensure that the
URL is easily and unequivocally interpretable by the receiving server
and to prevent manipulation of the URL by the user of the client that
is constructing and sending the URL. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NUCLEI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/projectdiscovery/nuclei?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Fast and customizable vulnerability scanner based on simple YAML based
DSL. Nuclei offers scanning for a variety of protocols, including TCP,
DNS, HTTP, SSL, File, Whois, Websocket, and Headless. With powerful
and flexible templating, Nuclei can be used to model all kinds of
security checks. 

PROTOBURP: ENCODE CUSTOM PROTOBUF MESSAGES IN BURP (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dillonfrankesecurity.com/posts/protoburp-encode-custom-protobuf-messages-in-burp?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

ProtoBurp is a Burp Suite extension that enables security researchers
to encode and fuzz custom Protobuf messages. The tool allows users to
convert JSON data into a Protobuf message, enabling them to fuzz
inputs using Burp's Repeater and Intruder tools, as well as proxy
traffic from other tools. 

TERRAFORM-AWS-CLICKOPS-NOTIFIER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cloudandthings/terraform-aws-clickops-notifier?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A terraform module to send notifications upon manual changes made in
the AWS console. These changes could suggest a compromised account or
otherwise lead to gaps in infrastructure as code observability. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHROME 117 ADDS EXTENSION REMOVAL NOTIFICATIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/chrome-117-will-explain-why-your-favorite-extension-disappeared?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Chrome 117 will add a new feature to the Privacy and Security setting
to highlight extensions that have been removed from the Chrome Web
Store along with a reason. The three reasons currently supported are a
developer unpublishing the extension, a violation of a policy, or
malware. Users can choose to ignore the warning or remove the
extension 

ADD 'WRITING MALWARE' TO THE LIST OF THINGS GENERATIVE AI IS NOT VERY
GOOD AT DOING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/18/ai_malware_truth/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Despite hype, criminals struggle to use generative AI like ChatGPT for
malware, with limited real world usage seen. Research from Trend Micro
and Mandiant finds interesting but no groundbreaking criminal uses as
AI isn't providing the exploit shortcut hackers hoped for. 

WINDOWS SECURITY: COMPARISON OF SECURITY BENCHMARKS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/HotCakeX/Harden-Windows-Security/wiki/Comparison-of-security-benchmarks?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A comparison of major security benchmarks against Microsoft Baselines.
Only a small fraction deviate, usually redundant or erroneous
suggestions undermining security. The analysis revealed ineffective or
counterproductive advice in some benchmarks, highlighting the need for
rigorous security guidance vetting. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE FLIPPER ZERO SHORTAGE HAS ENDED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/the-great-flipper-zero-shortage-of-2023-has-finally-come-to-end/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The Flipper Zero is an incredibly popular multi-tool for interacting
with digital interfaces. It had faced massive supply issues due to
underestimating demand. Flipper Devices have announced that they have
ironed out their supply issues and will have more regularly available
stock. 

2023 STATE OF EXTERNAL EXPOSURE MANAGEMENT REPORT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://website-assets.cycognito.com/cms/Analyst-Reports/State-of-External-Attack-Surface-Management-Summer-2023.pdf?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

CyCognito's report on external exposure reveals majorly exposed
surfaces: 74% of assets with PII are exploitable, 70% of web apps have
severe security gaps, and 3000+ enterprise web apps are exploitable.
The report underscores the risks of unknown digital shadows and the
critical need for full attack surface visibility. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=5e27435c-400f-11ee-9033-7b08db7192e9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692622964&t=1692623192&s=db9025c04db13f3710009ab2bf95769004ab4f0621ac8f1745dcdd53759d9b2a].


¬†