# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 14-08-2023

A US media report revealed that China has hacked sensitive Japanese
defense networks.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=8056344a-3a99-11ee-86a4-af487e156999&pt=campaign&t=1692018256&s=9f09d95c8503191bf6c1aa01e2dba710966f3af9110f16c37d1b9f6eae352af6]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-14

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

THERE'S A GOOD CHANCE YOUR VPN IS VULNERABLE TO PRIVACY-MENACING
TUNNELCRACK ATTACK (5 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/10/tunnelcrack_vpn/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Researchers have demonstrated that a VPN tunnel hijacking technique
called TunnelCrack can force victim traffic to go outside of encrypted
tunnels. This vulnerability affects many VPN clients. It requires some
skill, a vulnerable client/config, and non HTTPS/SSH connections to
exploit. 

NEW PYTHON URL PARSING FLAW COULD ENABLE COMMAND EXECUTION ATTACKS (3
MINUTES READ)
[https://kb.cert.org/vuls/id/127587?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A high-severity security flaw has been disclosed in the Python URL
parsing function that could be exploited to bypass domain or protocol
filtering methods implemented with a blocklist, ultimately resulting
in arbitrary file access and command execution. 

CHINA HACKED JAPANESE DEFENSE NETWORKS (2 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2023/08/08/japan/japan-china-hack-defense-network/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A US media report revealed that China has hacked sensitive Japanese
defense networks. The report alleges that the attackers were able to
maintain their presence without detection. Japan has not yet confirmed
the attack 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

STATC STEALER: DECODING THE ELUSIVE MALWARE THREAT (15 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.zscaler.com/blogs/security-research/statc-stealer-decoding-elusive-malware-threat?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Zscaler discovered a new information stealer malware called Statc
Stealer. Statc Stealer is a sophisticated malware that infects devices
powered by Windows, gains access to computer systems, and steals
sensitive information. In this post, Zscaler deep dives into the inner
workings of Statc Stealer by understanding its distribution methods,
infection vectors, and evasion techniques. 

ATTACKERS DISTRIBUTE MALWARE VIA FREEZE.RS AND SYK CRYPTER (16 MINUTES
READ)
[https://www.fortinet.com/blog/threat-research/malware-distributed-via-freezers-and-syk-crypter?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Threat actors have been observed using the legitimate Rust injector
Freeze[.]rs to deploy the XWorm commodity malware via phishing. The
attackers chain Freeze[.]rs with the SYK crypter for stealthy
shellcode execution. Fortinet navigates through the attack method in
this article. 

AWS SECURITY MONITORING IN 2023 (4 MINUTES READ)
[https://cloudonaut.io/2023-08-04-aws-security-monitoring/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A tutorial that catalogs the available security monitoring services in
AWS. It describes how to avoid paying for redundant services. The
article concludes with terraform code for a sample incident response
alert. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

VULN_GPT DEBUTS AS AI POWERED APPROACH TO FIND AND REMEDIATE SOFTWARE
VULNERABILITIES (5 MINUTES READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/got-vulns-vuln_gpt-debuts-as-ai-powered-approach-to-find-and-remediate-software-vulnerabilities/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Vicarius has launched Vuln_GPT, an LLM trained to generate remediation
scripts for software vulnerabilities. It is free on Vicarious' social
community, vsociety. Vuln_GPT was designed to find/fix vulnerabilities
by generating scripts for instant remediation deployment. 

WEB-CHECK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Lissy93/web-check?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Get an insight into the inner-workings of a given website: uncover
potential attack vectors, analyze server architecture, view security
configurations, and learn what technologies a site is using. 

KUBEFUZZ (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/avolens/kubefuzz?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

kubefuzz is a generative and mutative fuzzer for liberating admissions
controller chains that works by parsing the cluster API specification.
Users can supply constraints to guide the fuzzer‚Äôs resource
generation. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BLACK HAT USA 2023 SLIDES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/onhexgroup/Conferences/tree/main/Black%20Hat%20USA%202023%20slides?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Here are all the slides presented at Black Hat USA 2023. 

APPLICATION ARCHITECTURE AS CODE (12 MINUTES READ)
[https://architectelevator.com/cloud/iac-architecture-as-code/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Opinion piece on shifting the way we think about cloud architecture to
a higher abstraction level. The article postulates that we should be
developing and using frameworks that can derive necessary
infrastructure from code. The piece explains how cloud automation
should focus on cloud resource graphs of application flow instead of
focusing on services. 

SMASHING THE STATE MACHINE: THE TRUE POTENTIAL OF WEB RACE CONDITIONS
(25 MINUTES READ)
[https://portswigger.net/research/smashing-the-state-machine?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This article discusses the potential of web race condition attacks
beyond the traditional limit-overrun exploits. The author introduces
the "single-packet attack," which eliminates the effects of network
jitter and allows for accurate request synchronization and reliable
race conditions. A large class of these attacks involve Time of Check
and Time of Use attacks like exploiting the gap between when a
security check is done and action is performed. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO WRITE AN INFOSEC RESUM√â (6 MINUTES READ)
[https://bytebreach.com/how-to-write-an-infosec-resume/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Crafting an effective cybersecurity resume is challenging but critical
to get past automated screening. This post covers steps and common
mistakes, so you can thoughtfully draft yours rather than allowing
easy errors to lead to instant rejection. Taking time to optimize your
resume for both algorithms and humans is essential. 

INTRODUCING THE FIRST AWS SECURITY HEROES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-the-first-aws-security-heroes/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The AWS Heroes program recognizes community members that have combined
technical expertise and a desire to help the community. AWS has now
created a specialized category for Security Heroes. 

FORD SAYS CARS WITH RCE VULNERABILITY ARE STILL SAFE TO DRIVE (2
MINUTES READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/ford-says-cars-with-wifi-vulnerability-still-safe-to-drive/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Ford has warned of a vulnerability in its SYNC3 infotainment system
that could allow remote code execution, but has assured customers that
the flaw does not impact driving safety. The vulnerability, which is
in the system's WiFi subsystem, allows nearby attackers to trigger a
buffer overflow. Ford plans to issue a software patch soon, but in the
meantime, customers can turn off WiFi functionality through the SYNC 3
infotainment system's settings menu. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=8056344a-3a99-11ee-86a4-af487e156999&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692018028&t=1692018256&s=0687b1eec835a4e55d795bd465ad32efcd6254167c74f9112a21770f4c6bbd7e].