# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 18-08-2023

LinkedIn account hacking has surged in recent months¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=580bb78a-3db9-11ee-9086-ddbc37c2f52e&pt=campaign&t=1692363834&s=ce0cb68e6b93774b3241669e310a84fab8bb925fa76d10d6a29858a9d87cf929]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-18

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

CISA WARNS OF CITRIX SHAREFILE VULNERABILITY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/exploitation-of-citrix-sharefile-vulnerability-spikes-as-cisa-issues-warning/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


CISA added a new CVE against Citrix ShareFile to its known exploited
vulnerabilities catalog. Patches have been available since June. 

THE DATA OF 760,000 DISCORD.IO USERS WAS PUT UP FOR SALE ON THE
DARKNET (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackdiary.com/the-data-of-760000-discord-io-users-was-put-up-for-sale-on-the-darknet/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


760,000 Discord.io user records were listed for sale on a darknet
forum, including emails, hashed passwords, and other data. Discord.io
(to not be confused with Discord itself) lets users create custom
Discord invites. The breach highlights the risk of re-using
credentials across services and shows breached data can emerge on dark
markets. 

LINKEDIN SUFFERS 'SIGNIFICANT' WAVE OF ACCOUNT HACKS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://cyberint.com/blog/research/linkedin-accounts-under-attack-how-to-protect-yourself/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


LinkedIn account hacking has surged in recent months, with hackers
demanding ransoms from victims to regain access or threatening
permanent deletion, highlighting lengthy support response times as
Google search trends on related terms spiked over 5,000%, while some
users faced temporary account locks by LinkedIn due to suspicious
activity notifications. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

GUARDRAILS FOR PROMQL USING SEMGREP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://semgrep.dev/blog/2023/promql-and-semgrep/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


This article provides a tutorial on how to utilize Semgrep‚Äôs new
PromQL support to analyze Prometheus alerts. The article gives a brief
introduction to the PromQL language and then some examples of Semgrep
rules that could make Prometheus alerts more reliable. 

NOFILTER - ABUSING WINDOWS FILTERING PLATFORM FOR PRIVILEGE ESCALATION
(25 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.deepinstinct.com/blog/nofilter-abusing-windows-filtering-platform-for-privilege-escalation?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


Research presented at DEFCON revealed a new Windows privilege
escalation method called NoFilter that abuses the Windows Filtering
Platform (WFP) to gain NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM privileges needed for LSASS
spoofing attacks when only admin access is available initially,
highlighting WFP as an overlooked attack surface. 

MOUSTACHEDBOUNCER: ESPIONAGE OPERATIONS AGAINST FOREIGN DIPLOMATS IN
BELARUS (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.welivesecurity.com/en/eset-research/moustachedbouncer-espionage-against-foreign-diplomats-in-belarus/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


MoustachedBouncer is a cyberespionage group that has been performing
sophisticated adversary-in-the-middle attacks on foreign diplomats in
Belarus since 2014. The post digs into the various techniques employed
by MoustachedBouncer against these entities to perform espionage, like
masquerading as Windows update URL and captive portal. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

OIDC-SCANNER-AWS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/TinderSec/oidc-scanner-aws?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


A GitHub action from the Tinder security team to identify IAM
misconfigurations in AWS roles that are used for GitHub OIDC. 

AKTO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/akto-api-security/akto?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


Open source API security with API discovery, automated business logic
testing, and runtime detection. 

SUBLIME (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/sublime-security/sublime-platform?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


A free and open platform for detecting and preventing email attacks
like BEC, malware, and credential phishing. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LAPSU$ HACKERS TOOK SIM-SWAPPING TO THE NEXT LEVEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/lapsus-hackers-took-sim-swapping-attacks-to-the-next-level/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


The US government released a report analyzing the tactics used by the
Lapsu$ ransomware group. The report concluded that the Lapsu$ group
mostly utilized low-cost and simple techniques like sim-swapping 

GOOGLE INTRODUCES FIRST QUANTUM RESILIENT FIDO2 SECURITY KEY
IMPLEMENTATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://security.googleblog.com/2023/08/toward-quantum-resilient-security-keys.html?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


Google announced the first quantum resilient FIDO2 security key
implementation as part of its OpenSK initiative using an ECC/Dilithium
hybrid signature schema providing standard ECC security and
Dilithium's resilience against future quantum attacks, facilitating
early adoption of quantum-safe cryptography. 

GITHUB PAID OUT $1.5 MILLION IN BUG BOUNTIES IN 2022 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-08-14-nine-years-of-the-github-security-bug-bounty-program/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


GitHub announced paying over $1.57 million in bug bounties between Feb
2022-23 as part of its HackerOne program, taking total payouts to over
$3.8 million and addressing 364 defects from over 2,000 reports last
year, with its June H1-512 event in Austin awarding $700,000 from half
of 182 submissions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DARPA ANNOUNCES AI CYBER CHALLENGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oodaloop.com/archive/2023/08/10/darpa-announces-ai-cyber-challenge-at-black-hat-usa/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


DARPA announced a new 2-year competition focused on automatically
finding and fixing software vulnerabilities. The competition will take
place at DEFCON over the next two years 

THE AMAZON PRIME DAY 2023 AWS BILL (5 MINUTES READ)
[https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/The-Amazon-Prime-Day-2023-AWS-Bill/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


Cloud economist Corey Quinn analyzes the Amazon Prime Day 2023 report
and breaks downs the estimated cost of the AWS services involved. 

THE STATE OF CLOUD DATA SECURITY IN 2023 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://pages.dig.security/hubfs/Report%20The%20State%20of%20Cloud%20Data%20Security%20in%202023.pdf?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]


A new report from Dig Security found that over 30% of cloud data
assets contain sensitive information like personally identifiable
information and payment data. This report aims to increase awareness
of casual data handling risks in today's environments and the need for
comprehensive data security stacks with real-time data detection and
response capabilities to protect information wherever it resides. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=580bb78a-3db9-11ee-9086-ddbc37c2f52e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692363628&t=1692363834&s=bdd2bc12d6130291c5ccd4647b1896097edf05e6bf09f6529d40b7d6e4d186dd].