# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 28-08-2023

Duolingo suffered a data breach when a public API endpoint leaked
non-public profile information such as email addresses.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=4c1d5718-4597-11ee-9817-4d2729b514a0&pt=campaign&t=1693227848&s=ee4d842e416eb19b74587aa46112bdf12a0f3e083cdc1a56244090b5ea4cbe2f]


		TLDR 

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-28

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

FAKE ROBLOX PACKAGES TARGET NPM WITH LUNA GRABBER INFORMATION-STEALING
MALWARE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reversinglabs.com/blog/fake-roblox-api-packages-luna-grabber-npm?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

ReversingLabs found over a dozen malicious npm packages mimicking the
roblox.js gaming API wrapper. The packages drop Luna, an info stealer
malware, into the code. This attack is a continuation of a campaign
seen in 2021. It targets Roblox community developers and highlights
npm supply chain risks. 

MOVEIT, THE BIGGEST HACK OF THE YEAR, BY THE NUMBERS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/25/moveit-mass-hack-by-the-numbers/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The mass exploitation of MOVEit's Transfer software has rapidly
cemented itself as the largest hack of the year so far. While the full
impact of the attack will likely remain unknown for months to come,
there are now more than 1,000 known victims of the MOVEit breach,
according to cybersecurity company Emsisoft. This report looks into
the MOVEit attack by the numbers. 

DUOLINGO DATA LEAK POSTED ON HACKING FORUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/scraped-data-of-26-million-duolingo-users-released-on-hacking-forum/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Duolingo suffered a data breach when a public API endpoint leaked
non-public profile information such as email addresses. The dataset
was released on BreachForums for the equivalent of $2.13. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

NVME: NEW VULNERABILITIES MADE EASY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cyberark.com/resources/threat-research-blog/nvme-new-vulnerabilities-made-easy?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This blog post showcases how researchers at CyberArk used Static Code
Analysis tools to find a Pre-Auth Remote DoS vulnerability
(CVE-2023-0122) caused by a NULL Pointer Dereference in the NVMe
driver of the Linux kernel. 

BYPASS TWO-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION OF FACEBOOK ACCOUNTS ($25,300) (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@bazzounbassem/bypass-two-factor-authentication-of-facebook-accounts-25-300-7ae152d7836a?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This write-up explains how Facebook's Two-Factor Authentication was
bypassed during Meta‚Äôs bug bounty Researchers conference in Seoul,
South Korea, in 2023. The author was awarded $25,300 and ranked 2nd
place on the conference Leaderboard. 

METHODS TO BACKDOOR AN AWS ACCOUNT (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://mystic0x1.github.io/posts/methods-to-backdoor-an-aws-account/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

An exploration of the different AWS mechanisms that an attacker that
has gained privileged access to an AWS account can use to establish
persistence. This is part three of a series - the previous two parts
focus on escalating privileges on a compromised AWS account. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CERBY ANNOUNCES $17M IN SERIES A FUNDING TO SECURE NONSTANDARD
APPLICATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cerby.com/resources/blog/series-a-17m-raise?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Cerby has received capital to secure non-standard applications.
Research has found that 52% of organizations have experienced
cybersecurity incidents caused by their inability to secure these
kinds of applications. Applications are defined as nonstandard if they
do not support common identity and security standards such as SAML and
SCIM. 

IPFUSCATOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dwisiswant0/ipfuscator?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A blazing-fast, thread-safe, straightforward, and zero memory
allocation tool for swiftly generating alternative IP(v4) address
representations in Go. 

VILLAIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/t3l3machus/Villain?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Villain is a high-level C2 framework that can handle multiple TCP
sockets and HoaxShell-based reverse shells. It features payload
generation and file uploads. Villain was added to the Kali Linux
repository in the most recent update. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DEFENDING THE VIRTUAL KINGDOM: EXPLORING MODERN CYBERSECURITY
LANDSCAPES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hackread.com/exploring-modern-cybersecurity-landscapes/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This document is a comprehensive overview of modern cybersecurity. It
discusses the various threats that exist in the digital realm, such as
ransomware, phishing, and various forms of social engineering. It also
explores the role of nation-states in cyber warfare and the importance
of fortifying one's digital stronghold. The document emphasizes the
ongoing nature of cybersecurity and the need for vigilance and
continuous learning. 

BROWSER EXTENSION RISK REPORT: HIGH RISKS FOR SAAS DATA (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://spin.ai/blog/browser-extension-risk-report/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Researchers at Spin.AI assessed 300,000 Chromium browser extensions
and found that 51% of all installed extensions were high risk and had
the potential to cause extensive damage to the organizations using
them. The extensions all had the ability to capture sensitive data
from enterprise apps, run malicious JavaScript, and surreptitiously
send protected data, including banking details and login credentials,
to external parties. 

LAPSUS$: COURT FINDS TEENAGERS CARRIED OUT HACKING SPREE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-66549159?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

An 18-year-old from Oxford has been found guilty of being a part of an
international cyber-crime gang responsible for a hacking spree against
major tech firms such as Uber, Nvidia, and Rockstar Games. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EXPANDING TESTING FOR END-TO-END ENCRYPTION ON FACEBOOK MESSENGER (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://messengernews.fb.com/2023/08/22/expanding-testing-for-end-to-end-encryption-on-messenger/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Meta has once again reaffirmed its plans to roll out support for
end-to-end encryption by default for one-to-one chats on Messenger by
the end of the year. 

MICROSOFT SIGNING KEYS KEEP GETTING HIJACKED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/facing-failure-after-failure-microsofts-driver-signing-program-fails-yet-again/]

Microsoft‚Äôs digital keys have been hijacked to sign yet more malware
for use by a previously unknown threat actor in a supply-chain attack
that infected roughly 100 carefully selected victims. 

CRYPTO STARTUP BANKRUPT AFTER LOSING PASSWORD TO WALLET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.404media.co/crypto-startup-prime-trust-files-for-bankruptcy-after-losing-password-to-38-9-million-crypto-wallet/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Prime Trust is a crypto startup designed to help other startups
provide crypto retirement funds. It had to file for bankruptcy after
losing the password to a physical crypto wallet with $38.9 million in
it. 

RISKS IN AWS SSM PORT FORWARDING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://ramimac.me/ssm-iam?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

AWS Systems Manager Session Manager (SSM) allows for IAM users to
access EC2 instances. One common use case for this is port forwarding
to other services such as RDS. The SSM-SessionManagerRunShell document
may be implicitly granted to the user. This article details how to fix
this. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=4c1d5718-4597-11ee-9817-4d2729b514a0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693227619&t=1693227848&s=0bf3b09f70f17f6b97e44ada7387ca8b63f7d5db7408458d4ce4ab3547d9af8e].