# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 30-08-2023

The US government coordinated a crackdown on the QakBot malware
family.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=302c6a36-4726-11ee-b903-f1ce0846f1f1&pt=campaign&t=1693400653&s=440c7ada89f1f3903d9695f87e7d4691bb0969a6817e110200a7832bc02ca34c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-30

‚¨ÖÔ∏è¬†SHIFT LEFT: HOW TO TURN SECURITY INTO REVENUE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

In the past, security was seen as a cost center. But as security and
compliance come into sharper focus, businesses are seeing the value of
security in driving growth
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].
This ebook by Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
offers actionable ways to evolve your security program into a
revenue-generating investment and position it as a differentiator.
You‚Äôll learn how to:

‚áí Apply the DevOps principles of ‚Äúshifting left
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]‚Äù
to position security as a differentiator

‚áí Invest in your security story and build trust by making it easy
for buyers to access
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
security-related information

‚áí¬†Center security in sales conversations
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
to proactively remove roadblocks to revenue

Download the full guide üì©
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
from Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

US FOOD DELIVERY SERVICE PURFOODS DISCLOSES DATA BREACH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://therecord.media/purfoods-delivery-service-reports-data-breach?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Meal delivery service PurFoods says the personal and protected health
information of more than 1.2 million individuals was stolen in a
ransomware attack in early 2023. 

HACKERS CAN SILENTLY GRAB YOUR IP THROUGH SKYPE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.404media.co/hackers-find-your-skype-ip-address-microsoft-wont-fix/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A security researcher has found that it‚Äôs possible to reveal a Skype
app user‚Äôs IP address without the target needing to even click a
link. Microsoft said the vulnerability does not need immediate
attention. 

US HACKS QAKBOT, QUIETLY REMOVES BOTNET INFECTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/08/u-s-hacks-qakbot-quietly-removes-botnet-infections/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The US government coordinated a crackdown on the QakBot malware
family. The international team seized control of the botnet‚Äôs
infrastructure and removed the malware from tens of thousands of
infected devices. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

DARKGATE - THREAT BREAKDOWN JOURNEY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://0xtoxin.github.io/threat%20breakdown/DarkGate-Camapign-Analysis/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A new malspam campaign has been observed deploying an off-the-shelf
malware called DarkGate. It leverages hijacked email threads to trick
recipients into downloading the malware. The attack uses phishing to
direct users to an MSI payload subject to certain conditions. This
article breaks down how this malware works and the technicalities
behind it. 

PIVOTING CLOUDS IN AWS ORGANIZATIONS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.netspi.com/blog/technical/cloud-penetration-testing/pivoting-clouds-aws-organizations-part-2/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

This is part 2 of a series on pen-testing AWS organizations. The first
part of the series provided an overview of AWS organizations and some
of the ‚Äúeasy wins.‚Äù Part 2 covers newer and more advanced AWS
security mechanisms. 

USING HASHICORP VAULT TO DYNAMICALLY CREATE MYSQL CREDENTIALS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ahead.com/resources/use-hashicorps-vault-to-dynamically-create-mysql-credentials?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A tutorial on how to configure Hashicorp Vault (and a MySQL database)
to dynamically create time-limited credentials for a MySQL database. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NOSEY PARKER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/praetorian-inc/noseyparker?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Nosey Parker is a command-line tool that finds secrets and sensitive
information in textual data. 

AMAZON GUARDDUTY ADDS NEW ORGANIZATION MANAGEMENT CAPABILITIES (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/08/amazon-guardduty-multi-account-management/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Amazon GuardDuty announced a new capability to allow Delegated Admins
of an AWS Organization to enable GuardDuty features for all new and
existing members of the organization. 

PROMPT INJECTION PRIMER FOR ENGINEERS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jthack/PIPE?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A detailed overview of Prompt Injection that seeks to explain what it
is, what the potential impact of prompt injection is, and how it can
be prevented. A PDF version of the primer is available in the repo. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STATE OF CYBER INSURANCE 2023 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://delinea.com/hubfs/Delinea/whitepapers/delinea-wp-2023-state-of-cyber-insurance-report.pdf?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The survey results find that most organizations are not approaching
cyber insurance with the same diligence ‚Äì they are simply looking to
get covered. What they‚Äôre not checking is whether the policy they
had last year is what they need now, or if their policy changed at
renewal. This ‚Äòcyber insurance gap‚Äô could put a lot of
organizations in a tough place when a cybersecurity incident occurs,
and they want to utilize this financial safety net. 

THE 2023 STATE OF RISK REDUCTION: A NEED FOR SPEED (60 MINUTE READ)
[https://22415572.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/22415572/PDF%20Files%20(ebooks,%20files,%20docs,%20infographics)/Seemplicity-Dark_Reading_Report-2023.pdf?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Report providing fresh insight into how security pros handle the
challenging vulnerability remediation life cycle from discovery to
resolution. Some interesting tidbits include the time it takes to
remediate critical security risks from start to finish (4 weeks) and
the fact that 49% of security professionals do not know who to contact
to fix or verify fixes. 

AN AI THREAT MODELING FRAMEWORK FOR POLICYMAKERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://danielmiessler.com/p/athi-an-ai-threat-modeling-framework-for-policymakers?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A thought piece from Daniel Miessler in which he proposes a framework
for thinking about AI risks through the lens of threat modeling. His
proposed model focuses on Actors, Technique, Harm, and Impact (ATHI).
A GitHub repo is linked with community-sourced examples of ATHIs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LINKEDIN AND X WILL WORK WITHOUT PASSWORDS IN THE FUTURE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/08/28/passkey-apps/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

LinkedIn and X look like the next major platforms to ditch passwords
in favor of passkeys. 

CYBERSECURITY EXPERTS SAY THE WEST HAS FAILED TO LEARN LESSONS FROM
UKRAINE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/cybersecurity-experts-say-the-west-has-failed-to-learn-lessons-from-ukraine/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Ukraine's cybersecurity success under Viktor Zhora was lauded at the
Black Hat conference, but experts suggest that Western nations
struggle to replicate their collaborative methods due to regulatory
and legal hurdles. 

GOOGLE DEBUTS DUET AI TO TACKLE CLOUD CYBERSECURITY CHALLENGES (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-debuts-duetai-to-tackle-new-cybersecurity-challenges-in-the-cloud/#ftag=RSSbaffb68?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Google debuted new AI-based solutions focused on enhancing the
cybersecurity capabilities of the company's cloud and security
solutions at Google Next, the tech giant's annual conference. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=302c6a36-4726-11ee-b903-f1ce0846f1f1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693400419&t=1693400653&s=fcae9ad3f8cc1ad409d2eac8d1b61853ff0b03a47a989c1b3e4a3a8bcfe82958].