# Articles TLDR Cybersecurity 23-08-2023

Tesla filed a data breach notification that two former employees
leaked more than 75,000 individuals‚Äô personal information to a
foreign media outlet¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/cybersecurity?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=50443bac-41a2-11ee-be9f-5faf14162f10&pt=campaign&t=1692795842&s=9969d2ac6af33c4ce8eb34b3735699ad2f33774c78b300d9f1681def246c606d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR CYBERSECURITY 2023-08-23

GRC IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVER ‚Äî AND AUTOMATION IS THE WAY FORWARD
(SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

With increased regulatory pressures and a growing focus on customer
trust, no organization can afford to sleep on compliance. But scaling
evidence collection and audit-readiness, across multiple frameworks
and complex tech stacks, is a heavy lift that often falls on
already-overburdened shoulders.
This is where Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
comes in. The company has pioneered a new approach to collecting
evidence and achieving continuous compliance
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
‚Äî fully automated, and built by compliance experts.

‚úÖ Automated evidence collection and daily testing for 16+ frameworks
(SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

‚úÖ 80+ integrations
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
to cloud infrastructure and SaaS tools.

‚úÖ Real time compliance reporting.

‚úÖ Rated 4.9 by 462 G2 reviewers.

üëã¬†_TLDR readers and community members get 10% off and waived
implementation fees.¬†__Claim your exclusive offer now_
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcyber_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcyber&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

TESLA INSIDERS LEAK DATA OF 75,000 EMPLOYEES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/21/tesla-breach-employee-insider/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Tesla filed a data breach notification that two former employees
leaked more than 75,000 individuals‚Äô personal information to a
foreign media outlet. The leaked data includes social security numbers
among other personally identifiable information. Tesla has sued the
former employees and the German media outlet that received the data
claims that they will not (and cannot) use it. 

IVANTI SENTRY EXPLOITED IN THE WILD, PATCHES EMITTED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/08/22/critical_ivanti_mobileiron_sentry/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Ivanti has disclosed the exploitation of a critical MobileIron/Ivanti
Sentry gateway authentication bypass bug, CVE-2023-38035. The
vulnerability allows the takeover of sensitive network components. It
requires access to admin port 8443 and impacts unpatched Sentry v9.18
and earlier. 

XLOADER‚ÄôS LATEST TRICK | NEW MACOS VARIANT DISGUISED AS SIGNED
OFFICENOTE APP (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/xloaders-latest-trick-new-macos-variant-disguised-as-signed-officenote-app/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

XLoader malware has re-emerged without Java dependencies, using native
Objective-C/C code and signed as a fake "OfficeNote" productivity app.
This post examines the new variant‚Äôs technical details and threat
hunting indicators. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO IDENTIFY WHEN YOU‚ÄôVE LOST CONTROL OF YOUR SIEM (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://expel.com/blog/how-to-identify-when-youve-lost-control-of-your-siem/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

An article discussing how to reduce complexity in SIEM deployments.
This article begins with some symptoms of an overly complex SIEM and
then discusses helpful questions to try and reduce the complexity to
more manageable levels and regain control of it. 

UNMASKING EVLF DEV - THE CREATOR OF CYPHERRAT AND CRAXSRAT (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cyfirma.com/outofband/unmasking-evlf-dev-the-creator-of-cypherrat-and-craxsrat/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The CYFIRMA research team has discovered a new Malware-as-a-service
(MaaS) operator that goes by the moniker EVLF DEV. This threat actor
is responsible for the development of CypherRAT and CraxsRAT, which in
the last 3 years was purchased by over 100 distinct threat actors on a
lifetime license. In this research report, they discuss the MaaS
operator and the malware being developed by them. 

AUTOMATING PARTS OF ACTIVE DIRECTORY PENTESTS WITH BLOODHOUND CE (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.8com.de/cyber-security-blog/bloodhound-ce-and-automating-parts-of-ad-pentests?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The latest BloodHound CE release brings useful enhancements, but the
tool's Neo4j database also enables powerful custom queries to
automatically find Active Directory weaknesses. This post demonstrates
examples of querying the database directly or via API to uncover basic
flaws and augment BloodHound's graph visualizations and attack path
planning. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

SWAT: SIMPLE WORKPLACE ATT&CK TOOL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/elastic/SWAT?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

SWAT is a command line tool that is designed for red teaming Google
Workspace environments. The tool maps its functionality closely to the
MITRE ATT&CK framework and allows for simulating suspicious
adversarial behavior. 

ENVSEC (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jetpack-io/envsec?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Envsec is a tool that securely stores environment variables in the
cloud of your choice. It is designed with developer experience in mind
to be a pleasure to use. It comes with a command line tool and an
accompanying Go library. 

LOGLICKER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Permiso-io-tools/LogLicker?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Tool for obfuscating and deobfuscating data by searching and replacing
sensitive data based on regexes pulled from an inputted file. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT‚ÄôS NEW FOR SECURITY IN KUBERNETES 1.28 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://securitylabs.datadoghq.com/articles/whats-new-for-security-in-kubernetes-128/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Kubernetes version 1.28 is now available. In this version, Validating
Admission Policy reaches beta status as a more complex and flexible
admission controller than Pod Security Admission. This release also
adds an authorization API for users to query data about themselves 

HACKER CONVERSATIONS WITH CRIS THOMAS (L0PHT HEAVY INDUSTRIES) (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/hacker-conversations-cris-thomas-aka-space-rogue-from-lopht-heavy-industries/?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

In this post, Cris Thomas (AKA Space Rogue) from L0pht Heavy
Industries discusses the blurry boundary between researchers and
hackers, with researchers being a subset of Whitehats. Thomas believes
that researchers take a more formal approach to investigations,
whereas hackers hack on stuff and experiment with things to see what
breaks and what still works. 

THE PHYSICAL IMPACT OF CYBER ATTACKS ON CITIES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/physical-impact-of-cyberattacks-on-cities?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Ransomware attacks on US local governments rose in 2022, highlighting
risks as cities digitize. Hybrid attacks that start digital and
eventually impact physical infrastructure will persist without
preparation. Cities must find weaknesses, expect threats, and
strategically communicate, both internally and externally, to ensure
community resilience and recovery. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHY US TECH GIANTS ARE THREATENING TO LEAVE THE UK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-66304002?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

The UK has introduced several controversial proposals to try to rein
in Big Tech. Some companies are saying there is a ‚Äútipping point‚Äù
where they will leave the market instead of complying. The "tipping
point" is upcoming UK regulations like the Online Safety Bill that is
due to pass in the autumn. 

SAAS SECURITY POSTURE MANAGEMENT REPORT 2023 (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://6705456.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/6705456/State-of-SSPM-Report-2023.pdf?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A new State of SaaS Security Posture Management Report from AppOmni
indicates that Cybersecurity, IT, and business leaders alike recognize
SaaS cybersecurity as an increasingly important part of the cyber
threat landscape. 

UPTYCS‚Äô CYBER SECURITY REPORT DETAILS LATEST MALWARE, ZERO DAYS, AND
VULNERABILITIES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uptycs.com/blog/2023-q2-cybersecurity-threat-report?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

Uptycs published its quarterly threat bulletin that notes a
significant increase in the sophistication and complexity of threats
faced by organizations globally. It also notes that in Q2 2023,
rundll32.exe was the most abused utility for Windows malware. Crontab
was the most abused in Linux, while OpenSSL and curl were prevalent in
macOS. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Cybersecurity,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=50443bac-41a2-11ee-be9f-5faf14162f10&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692795620&t=1692795842&s=631ab7dba603bf771856bec3122a193bfd6f8bb403a1f08b958d0805898cd1c8].