# Articles TLDR AI 11-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Amazon tells employees it isnE28099t falling behind on AI (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Amazon tells employees it isnE28099t falling behind on AI (4 minute read)

Despite Amazon's absence in the generative AI race, executives maintain that the company is actively involved in the AI space. Swami Sivasubramanian, Amazon's VP of database, analytics, and machine learning, said that Amazon's 100,000+ machine learning customers are interested in using the company's technology for personalization, search engine results, and call center automation. While Amazon Web Services has partnered with AI companies like Stability AI and Hugging Face, the company has not launched a consumer-facing generative AI product, leading to speculation that it may be lagging behind its competitors.

## Article 2
### [ChatSpot 3, Now With GPT-4 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatSpot 3, Now With GPT-4 (2 minute read)

ChatSpot has launched its Alpha 3 version, which features numerous improvements and now uses GPT-4 for better responses. The application can process up to 32,000 tokens and offers a new Prompt Library for sample prompts. Additionally, ChatSpot can now generate summaries of publicly accessible articles, support HubSpot ops/admin prompts, provide enhanced company research features, and perform deeper research on domain registrations.

## Article 3
### [Agents are the new paradigm (26 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Agents are the new paradigm (26 minute read)

What happens if you use language models to simulate an entire town? They ask each other out on Valentine's dates. This paper explores what happens if you give language models open-ended tasks and shows that you can observe remarkable human-like social capabilities from these agents, such as keeping schedules, planning activities, and reminiscing about previous interactions. This is one step in a broader trend of language models moving more towards agent-like paradigms, which dramatically changes the safety considerations for true model alignment.

## Article 4
### [A Tutorial Introduction to Reinforcement Learning (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Tutorial Introduction to Reinforcement Learning (30 minute read)

The paper provides a brief survey of Reinforcement Learning (RL), with a focus on Stochastic Approximation (SA) as a unifying theme. The scope includes Markov Reward Processes, Markov Decision Processes, Stochastic Approximation algorithms, and widely used algorithms like Temporal Difference Learning and Q-learning.

## Article 5
### [LLMMaps - A Visual Metaphor for Stratified Evaluation of LLMs (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LLMMaps - A Visual Metaphor for Stratified Evaluation of LLMs (13 minute read)

The paper introduces LLMMaps, a visualization technique that allows for the stratified evaluation of Large Language Models (LLMs) based on Q&A datasets, providing detailed insights into their knowledge capabilities and enabling comparative analysis of multiple LLMs. The approach was tested on state-of-the-art LLMs and evaluated through user feedback.

## Article 6
### [Segment Anything chrome extension (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Segment Anything chrome extension (GitHub Repo)

Since the Segment Anything Model from Meta is so lightweight, it can run directly in the browser. As a result, we can copy items from images directly to the clipboard - in the wild. It works just like the demo from Meta, but instead of displaying the segmented object, that object is copied to the system clipboard for you to paste as needed.</span>

## Article 7
### [Openplayground (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Openplayground (GitHub Repo)

Openplayground is an LLM playground you can run on your laptop.

## Article 8
### [UpTrain (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UpTrain (GitHub Repo)

UpTrain is an open-source framework to observe ML applications built for engineers.

## Article 9
### [Go small or go home (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Go small or go home (12 minute read)

Language models used to generate text follow natural scaling laws. This means we can predict performance of the model given model size, data amount, compute spent. A lot of papers such as Chinchilla or the original Kaplan paper are interested in the compute optimal configuration. It turns out that if you train a smaller model for much longer, while it is not compute optimal it often has better performance than its larger counterparts. This post explores the trade-off between model size and compute overhead, and gives some nice heuristics that you can use depending on your language model use case.

## Article 10
### [A Guide To Natural Language Processing With Python Using SpaCy (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Guide To Natural Language Processing With Python Using SpaCy (5 minute read)

This article provides a comprehensive guide to using the Python library SpaCy for natural language processing tasks, including an overview of its features, installation, and practical examples to help developers harness its capabilities effectively.

## Article 11
### [Experts Warn Of Effects Of AI On Elections (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Experts Warn Of Effects Of AI On Elections (1 minute read)

Experts warn about the potential impact of advanced AI on election integrity, emphasizing the need for vigilance against disinformation campaigns, deep fakes, and other AI-driven manipulative tactics that could influence voters.

## Article 12
### [Landing AI (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Landing AI (Product)</a>
Explain your product, branding, and get a unique landing page with our generative AI.

## Article 13
### [Support Guy (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Support Guy (Product)

Never miss a customer inquiry again with our ChatGPT powered chatbot - the always-on, always-available team-mate.

