# Articles TLDR AI 24-03-2023

## Article 1
### [ChatGPT plugins (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT plugins (8 minute read)

Plugins are tools designed specifically for language models with safety as a core principle, and help ChatGPT access up-to-date information, run computations, or use third-party services. The first plugins have been created by Expedia, FiscalNote, Instacart, KAYAK, Klarna, Milo, OpenTable, Shopify, Slack, Speak, Wolfram, and Zapier. Plugins could also increase safety challenges by taking harmful or unintended actions, so OpenAI is implementing several safeguards. For example, developers can add information to their robots.txt file to prevent ChatGPT from accessing their website.

## Article 2
### [Bill Gates on the age of AI (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bill Gates on the age of AI (14 minute read)

Bill Gates has hailed the development of AI as the most important advance in technology since the introduction of the graphical user interface. Gates is particularly interested in the potential of AI to help reduce global inequity, including the prevention of child deaths caused by preventable diseases, improving education, and mitigating the effects of climate change. However, he acknowledged that AI also raises ethical and social issues, such as workforce displacement, privacy, and bias, and called for governments and philanthropy to ensure the technology reduces inequality.

## Article 3
### [Adobe Firefly (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Adobe Firefly (Product Launch)

Firefly, is a family of creative generative AI models coming to Adobe products for creatives, editors, artists, and more. Use their tools for digital imaging, photography, illustration, graphic design, video, marketing, social media, and 3D modeling. YouE28099ll be able to do things like highlight a part of a picture and create variations, add custom styles and textures, and edit videos using text descriptions. The waitlist is open now!

## Article 4
### [Early experiments with GPT-4 (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Early experiments with GPT-4 (30 minute read)

GPT-4, the latest model developed by OpenAI, exhibits more general intelligence than previous AI models, as it can solve novel and difficult tasks spanning various domains, without needing special prompting, and its performance is strikingly close to human-level. This paper is a thorough study of GPT4 capabilities and shortcomings.

## Article 5
### [RepoCoder: Streamlining Repository-Level Code Completion (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RepoCoder: Streamlining Repository-Level Code Completion (12 minute read)

RepoCoder is a simple and effective framework for repository-level code completion that utilizes a similarity-based retriever and a pre-trained code language model, and an iterative retrieval-generation paradigm. It significantly improves the zero-shot code completion baseline and outperforms the vanilla retrieval-augmented code completion approach. The proposed benchmark, RepoEval, provides valuable insights for future research.

## Article 6
### [Pix2Video: Video Editing using Image Diffusion (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pix2Video: Video Editing using Image Diffusion (Github Repo)

The paper proposes a training-free and generalizable approach for text-guided video editing using pre-trained structure-guided image diffusion models. The two-step method involves performing text-guided edits on an anchor frame using the diffusion model and then progressively propagating the changes to future frames via self-attention feature injection, resulting in realistic edits without any compute-intensive preprocessing or video-specific finetuning.

## Article 7
### [Generative models for medical (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative models for medical (GitHub Repo)

A good step towards evaluation, creation, and curation of generative models for a wide variety of tasks with a specific focus on medical. This project aims to assist by building tools for generative medical tasks and comes with metrics and tutorials to help you get started.</span>

## Article 8
### [ModelScope (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ModelScope (GitHub Repo)

ModelScope is a web-based platform that provides interactive visualization and analysis of machine learning models' performance and interpretability, enabling users to explore and compare various models' results.

## Article 9
### [OpenAI researcher access program (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI researcher access program (2 minute read)

Researchers can get subsidized access to models and continued access to codex. The form asks a set of questions about you and your research direction. ItE28099s not clear what sorts of programs theyE28099re looking to support, but application seems necessary for some research directions to continue.

## Article 10
### [Compute fragmentation is holding us back (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Compute fragmentation is holding us back (12 minute read)

Algorithms, data, and compute are the holy trinity of AI progress. Compute is currently a strong bottleneck for a number of reasons. One of which is the disparate nature of hardware accelerators used in ML model training. Writing efficient code for all of these pieces of hardware is challenging, but potentially necessary, work for the future of AI.

## Article 11
### [Scientists At DeepMind and Meta Press Function of AI and Biology (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scientists At DeepMind and Meta Press Function of AI and Biology (5 minute read)

This article reports on the collaboration between DeepMind and Meta in using artificial intelligence to analyze biological data for drug discovery and disease research.

## Article 12
### [Opera Browser Adds In AI Capabilities (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Opera Browser Adds In AI Capabilities (1 minute read)

The Opera browser now incorporates AI prompts and sidebar access to ChatGPT and ChatSonic.

## Article 13
### [Microsoft Researchers Claim GPT-4 Shows E2809CSparksE2809D Of AGI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Researchers Claim GPT-4 Shows E2809CSparksE2809D Of AGI (2 minute read)

A team of Microsoft AI researchers have published a paper claiming that GPT-4 is showing faint sparks of AGI.

