# Articles TLDR AI 21-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Runway announces Gen-2 (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Runway announces Gen-2 (Product Launch)

Runway announces Gen-2, a multimodal AI system that can generate realistic videos from text. There are 4 different modes you can use Gen-2 in: text to video, image to video, text + image to video (generate a video using a driving image and a text prompt), stylization (video to video), and storyboard (turn mockups into fully stylized and animated renders). Check out the examples on the website like E2809Caerial drone footage of a mountain rangeE2809D and E2809Clate afternoon sun peeking through the window of a New York City loft.E2809D

## Article 2
### [30B instruction tuned model (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 30B instruction tuned model (2 minute read)

Following the same formula as the alpaca models, we can use parameter efficient fine tuning with a cleaned version of the instruction data set from Stanford to tune the 30 billion parameter llama model to be better at following instructions.

## Article 3
### [Stable Diffusion Reimagine (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stable Diffusion Reimagine (2 minute read)

Stability AI announces Stable Diffusion Reimagine, a new Clipdrop tool that allows users to generate multiple variations of a single image without limits. No need for complex prompts E28094 users can simply upload an image into the algorithm to create as many variations as they want.

## Article 4
### [CoDEPS: Online Learning for Panoptic Segmentation (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CoDEPS: Online Learning for Panoptic Segmentation (8 minute read)

The paper proposes a solution to the challenge of robotic navigation in new environments by introducing CoDEPS, a continual learning approach that utilizes experience replay and domain mixing to mitigate catastrophic forgetting and adapt to changing conditions. The proposed method achieves state-of-the-art results and addresses the limited storage capacity of robotic systems.

## Article 5
### [LION: Implicit Vision Prompt Tuning (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LION: Implicit Vision Prompt Tuning (7 minute read)

The paper proposes LION, an efficient vision model that addresses the heavy computational costs of vision Transformers by using deep implicit models with stable memory costs. LION only inserts two equilibrium implicit layers in the pre-trained main backbone and prunes parameters according to the lottery hypothesis, reducing up to 11.5% of training parameter numbers while achieving higher performance than state-of-the-art baseline VPT on a wide range of datasets, especially under challenging scenes.

## Article 6
### [DiffusionRet: Generative Text-Video Retrieval with Diffusion Model (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DiffusionRet: Generative Text-Video Retrieval with Diffusion Model (11 minute read)

The paper introduces DiffusionRet, a diffusion-based text-video retrieval framework that models the correlation between text and video as their joint probability, p(candidates, query), from a generative viewpoint. DiffusionRet optimizes the generator through generation loss and the feature extractor through contrastive loss, leveraging both generative and discriminative methods to achieve superior performance on five commonly used text-video retrieval benchmarks, even in out-domain retrieval settings, and bringing fundamental insights into the related fields.

## Article 7
### [Transformer Reinforcement Learning v0.4.1 released (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Transformer Reinforcement Learning v0.4.1 released (GitHub Repo)

Now with Pytorch 2.0 support, Parameter Efficient Fine Tuning, and other quality of life improvements TRL is becoming a top competitor for RL(*)F type tuning tasks for language models.

## Article 8
### [Which data made my model smarter? (26 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Which data made my model smarter? (26 minute read)

Instead of using an additive scalar score to determine how much influence a data instance has on final model performance, what if we used a full training simulator? This enables counter-factual exploration around dataset construction and long term training performance. This method tends to underestimate performance, but does a good job of capturing general dynamics for large language model training runs.

## Article 9
### [LangFlow (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LangFlow (GitHub Repo)

A visual graph based editor for LangChain that runs in the browser.

## Article 10
### [How GPT may affect the labor market (40 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How GPT may affect the labor market (40 minute read)

While GPT models may impact labor markets, the effect is not uniform across jobs. A preliminary look suggests physically active and mentally creative jobs are less likely to be affected by large language models. Not the most convincing methodology, but a good step at this early juncture to understand what our economic future might look like.

## Article 11
### [Duolingo and OpenAI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Duolingo and OpenAI (2 minute read)

Duolingo has introduced two new features powered by OpenAI's GPT-4: Role Play, an AI conversation partner, and Explain my Answer, which provides contextual feedback on mistakes, in a new subscription tier called Duolingo Max. Duolingo turned to GPT-4 after finding that GPT-3 could not confidently handle the complex automated aspects of chats. The team sees the potential of GPT-4 to provide a more effective and engaging learning experience than ever before, which should improve learning outcomes, and it has simplified the entire engineering process, making it faster to bring new features to users.

## Article 12
### [OpenAI CEO, CTO on risks and how AI will reshape society (21 minute video)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI CEO, CTO on risks and how AI will reshape society (21 minute video)

Sam Altman (OpenAI CEO) and Mira Murati (CTO) talk about the impact AI and AGI will have on society in an interview with ABC. Altman says itE28099s important that theyE28099re testing their AI through products in the hands of real users, and making mistakes while the stakes are low.

## Article 13
### [Bloop (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bloop (GitHub Repo)

Bloop is a code-search engine that uses GPT-4 to answer questions about your code.

