# Articles TLDR AI 12-04-2023

## Article 1
### [44 of the most promising generative AI startups of 2023, according to VCs (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 44 of the most promising generative AI startups of 2023, according to VCs (25 minute read)

Generative AI exploded onto the scene in 2022, bringing with it buzzy startups and funding rounds. Insider asked investors to name the most promising generative-AI startups of 2023. Notable companies include foundational models like Open AI and Stability AI, next layer tooling like LangChain and Fixie, and early stage startups like Cursor and DeepScribe.

## Article 2
### [OpenAI Plans Japan Expansion (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI Plans Japan Expansion (1 minute read)

Sam Altman, co-founder and chief executive officer of OpenAI, said the organization is looking at opening a Japan office and expanding Japanese language services after meeting with Prime Minister Fumio Kishida.

## Article 3
### [China releases rules for generative AI like ChatGPT after Alibaba, Baidu launch services (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 China releases rules for generative AI like ChatGPT after Alibaba, Baidu launch services (2 minute read)

Chinese regulators on Tuesday released draft rules designed to manage how companies develop so-called generative artificial intelligence products like ChatGPT. The Cyberspace Administration of ChinaE28099s draft measures lay out the ground rules that generative AI services have to follow, including the type of content these products are allowed to generate. For example, the content generated by AI needs to reflect the core values of socialism and should not subvert state power, according to the draft rules.

## Article 4
### [Revisiting the classic: Scaling RNNs over sequence length (27 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Revisiting the classic: Scaling RNNs over sequence length (27 minute read)

Context length is a hot topic in AI. We're trying to scale text models to longer and longer sequences. This work scales an RNN to a million context tokens. It's not directly applicable, but there are some lovely nuggets here.

## Article 5
### [Generative Agents: Interactive Simulacra of Human Behavior (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative Agents: Interactive Simulacra of Human Behavior (25 minute read)

Believable proxies of human behavior can empower interactive applications ranging from immersive environments to rehearsal spaces for interpersonal communication to prototyping tools. In this paper, the authors introduce generative agents--computational software agents that simulate believable human behavior. In an evaluation, these generative agents produce believable individual and emergent social behaviors: for example, starting with only a single user-specified notion that one agent wants to throw a Valentine's Day party, the agents autonomously spread invitations to the party over the next two days, make new acquaintances, ask each other out on dates to the party, and coordinate to show up for the party together at the right time.

## Article 6
### [Video-kMaX: A Simple Unified Approach for Online and Near-Online Video Panoptic Segmentation (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Video-kMaX: A Simple Unified Approach for Online and Near-Online Video Panoptic Segmentation (7 minute read)

Researchers from Google propose Video-kMaX, a unified approach for online and near-online Video Panoptic Segmentation, comprising a within-clip segmenter and a cross-clip associater. By leveraging clip-kMaX and HiLA-MB for these components, this method establishes a new state-of-the-art on KITTI-STEP, VIPSeg, and VSPW datasets, bridging the gap between online and near-online segmentation approaches.

## Article 7
### [A Guide To Prompt Engineering (22 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Guide To Prompt Engineering (22 minute read)

## Article 8
### [Library for AI on TPUs (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Library for AI on TPUs (GitHub Repo)

A challenge in training large text models is fitting them on your hardware accelerators. This is often easier on TPUs than GPUs due to Pjit capabilities of Jax. This library (which was used for the imminently popular FlanT5 models) is easy to use and seems to scale quite well.

## Article 9
### [Turbo pilot coding assistant (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Turbo pilot coding assistant (GitHub Repo)

A faux pilot based local coding assistant for vs code that runs local with 4GB ram. It uses the Salesforce 6B codegen model.</span>

## Article 10
### [Choosing the right LLM for your use case and budget E28094 itE28099s not just about size (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Choosing the right LLM for your use case and budget E28094 itE28099s not just about size (Sponsor)

It seems like a new LLM API launches every other day. But how do you know which is the best fit for your use case? Is bigger always better? What are the benefits of specialized models? How does model size affect latency? This blog post by Inworld identifies 8 key factors for comparing large language models. Read the article

## Article 11
### [Reddit Mods Brace For ChatGPT Spam Apocalypse (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Reddit Mods Brace For ChatGPT Spam Apocalypse (4 minute read)

Reddit moderators are preparing for a potential onslaught of spam driven by AI chatbots like ChatGPT, raising concerns about the platform's ability to handle the increased volume of content and maintain its community standards.

## Article 12
### [Biden Administration Weighs AI Regulation (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Biden Administration Weighs AI Regulation (3 minute read)

The Biden administration is evaluating potential regulations for AI tools like ChatGPT to address ethical, privacy, and security concerns while balancing the need for innovation and maintaining the U.S.'s competitive edge in the AI domain.

## Article 13
### [OpenAI To Offer Remedies To Resolve ItalyE28099s ChatGPT Ban (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI To Offer Remedies To Resolve ItalyE28099s ChatGPT Ban (1 minute read)

OpenAI will propose measures to resolve data privacy concerns that sparked a temporary Italian ban on the artificial intelligence chatbot, regulators said Thursday.

## Article 14
### [Alibaba To Roll Out ItE28099s ChatGPT Rival (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alibaba To Roll Out ItE28099s ChatGPT Rival (1 minute read)

Alibaba plans to integrate its ChatGPT rival, an advanced AI-powered chatbot, across all its products, signaling the company's commitment to enhancing user experience and expanding its reach in the rapidly evolving AI market.

## Article 15
### [AI-Equipped Eyeglasses Can Read Silent Speech (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI-Equipped Eyeglasses Can Read Silent Speech (1 minute read)

AI-equipped eyeglasses developed by Cornell researchers can read silent speech by interpreting facial muscle movements, offering a novel communication tool for people with speech impairments or in situations where verbal communication is not feasible.

## Article 16
### [OpenAI Introduces Bug Bounty Program (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI Introduces Bug Bounty Program (1 minute read)

OpenAI will start paying people as much as $20,000 to help the company find bugs in its artificial intelligence systems.

