# Articles TLDR AI 24-05-2023

## Article 1
### [AnthropicE28099s $450M Series C (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AnthropicE28099s $450M Series C (2 minute read)

In what feels like the 450 millionth round of funding, Anthropic closes a similarly sized check. The main use for this funding will be to bring their products to market. Having gone through the same safety to product transition as OpenAI, we'll now see if they can continue to stick to their original mission.

## Article 2
### [Bing Chat comes to Windows (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bing Chat comes to Windows (4 minute read)

Plugins allow AI systems to use tools and interact with digital systems. This ability is now coming to Windows with first and third party copilot style plugins. There has yet to be a successful desktop native copilot, but with the speed of execution we'll get to see this first push to market.

## Article 3
### [White House Takes New Steps To Study AI Risks (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 White House Takes New Steps To Study AI Risks (2 minute read)

The White House said on Tuesday that it would ask workers how their employers use artificial intelligence to monitor them, as it allocates federal investments in the technology, which is expected to change the nature of work.

## Article 4
### [Long awaited RWKV paper (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Long awaited RWKV paper (25 minute read)

Transformers displaced recurrent neural networks as the primary tool for most text based tasks. However, these Transformers are expensive and limited in context due to the architecture. RWKV is an attention variant (vaguely reminiscent of linear attention) that claims to have the best of both Transformers and recurrent models. The Discord is quite active, but there hasn't been a formal write up of this hyped model. This paper is the first to explain the model in depth.

## Article 5
### [Are Safetensors really safe? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Are Safetensors really safe? (8 minute read)

Safetensors is a library that avoids many of the pitfalls of loading arbitrary binary files (pkl) from the internet. Specifically, loading a pretrained model can give attackers access to run arbitrary code. Thankfully, Safetensors alleviates this issue and allows secure sharing of tensor style artifacts with unknown actors.

## Article 6
### [VideoLLM: A Tool for Video Analysis using LLMs (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 VideoLLM: A Tool for Video Analysis using LLMs (GitHub Repo)

Leveraging the power of language processing models, the newly proposed VideoLLM system converts all video inputs into a type of language that can be analyzed more efficiently. By successfully testing on multiple datasets, VideoLLM proves that it can handle various tasks, suggesting that language model's reasoning abilities can be effectively used for understanding and analyzing video content.

## Article 7
### [DB-GPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DB-GPT (GitHub Repo)

DB-GPT is an experimental open-source project that uses localized GPT large models to interact with your data and environment.

## Article 8
### [How Are You Using GPT4 To Program? (HN Thread)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Are You Using GPT4 To Program? (HN Thread)

A Hacker News thread where participants discuss how they are using GPT4 to assist their programming efforts.

## Article 9
### [Scikit-LLM (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scikit-LLM (GitHub Repo)

Seamlessly integrate powerful language models like ChatGPT into scikit-learn for enhanced text analysis tasks.

## Article 10
### [Google CEO: Building AI Responsibly All That Matters (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google CEO: Building AI Responsibly All That Matters (3 minute read)

An op-ed by Google CEO Sundar Pichai in which he discusses how Google is building AI responsibly, with a specific focus on developing guardrails, creating smart regulation, and fostering international cooperation.

## Article 11
### [How Rogue AIs May Arise (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Rogue AIs May Arise (9 minute read)

This article discusses how rogue AIs can arise. The author argues that the fastest route to a rogue AI system is if a human with the appropriate technical skills and means intentionally builds it with the objective of destroying humanity or a part of it set explicitly as a goal. Still, a broader and less understood set of circumstances could give rise to potentially rogue AIs, even if the humans making it did not intend to design a rogue AI.

## Article 12
### [Google launches AI product studio (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google launches AI product studio (4 minute read)

Google has recently awakened and has started to deploy more generative technologies to their products. GoogleE28099s Product Studio allows for product photo creation similar to Flair. It is an unproven niche and interesting to see this product innovation from the search giant.

## Article 13
### [Microsoft Will ID Its AI Art (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Will ID Its AI Art (2 minute read)

Microsoft has agreed to sign all AI art that its apps generate with a cryptographic watermark indicating it was made with an algorithm.

## Article 14
### [Buzzfeed Introduces Botatouille (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Buzzfeed Introduces Botatouille (2 minute read)

Buzzfeed continues their lean into AI with Botatouille, an AI kitchen assistant.

