# Articles TLDR AI 27-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Databricks Introduces Dolly: Democratizing Instruction-Following AI with Affordable Large Language Models (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Databricks Introduces Dolly: Democratizing Instruction-Following AI with Affordable Large Language Models (4 minute read)

Databricks introduces Dolly, an affordable large language model (LLM) that displays impressive instruction-following capabilities similar to ChatGPT. Dolly uses an open-source 6 billion parameter model from EleutherAI and is fine-tuned on a small corpus of instruction training data from Alpaca. The model's performance suggests that qualitative gains in state-of-the-art models like ChatGPT may be more due to focused corpuses of instruction-following training data than larger or better-tuned base models. Dolly's technology represents an opportunity for companies to build their own inexpensive instruction-following models.

## Article 2
### [Character AI's new model and new funding (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Character AI's new model and new funding (4 minute read)

The start up that encourages you to talk with an AI chatbot has a boost in resources with their latest round of funding. True dialogue agents are a powerful and dangerous technology. They're hoping to build them out safely for everyone.

## Article 3
### [Generative retrieval recommender system (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generative retrieval recommender system (25 minute read)

Most deep recommendation systems work by embedding products and then doing some sort of nearest neighbor retrieval. There are pros and cons here. This new work uses a sequence to sequence model and a discrete product embedding to recommend the next product in a sequence of customer interactions. It improves as much as 17% over some strong baselines.

## Article 4
### [Generated text is very hard to detect (34 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generated text is very hard to detect (34 minute read)

With the rise of convincing text generation systems, we as a community are scrambling to build detectors. It turns out this may not even be possible, given that the LLMs are trained to mimic human language. There is some hope though by using retrieval for semantically similar generations hosted by the model providers.

## Article 5
### [NanoPaLM (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NanoPaLM (GitHub Repo)

Inspired by NanoGPT and NanoT5, we now have NanoPaLM. PaLM is the pathways model from Google and it has some novel architectural changes that make it interesting to study. A personal favorite is the use of multi-query attention which reduces computational costs and allows for much longer context lengths.

## Article 6
### [ReVersion : Diffusion-Based Relation Inversion from Images (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ReVersion : Diffusion-Based Relation Inversion from Images (2 minute read)

The authors propose a new task, Relation Inversion: Given a few exemplar images, where a relation co-exists in every image, we aim to find a relation prompt  to capture this interaction, and apply the relation to new entities to synthesize new scenes.

## Article 7
### [MagicFusion: Boosting T2I Generation Performance by Fusing Diffusion Models (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MagicFusion: Boosting T2I Generation Performance by Fusing Diffusion Models (6 minute read)

The article discusses a new technique called Saliency-aware Noise Blending (SNB) that blends the predicted noises of two diffusion models to achieve more controllable image generation. The proposed method is training-free, and experiments show that it is highly effective in various applications.

## Article 8
### [Forerunner partner predicts what types of A.I. businesses will scale and succeed (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Forerunner partner predicts what types of A.I. businesses will scale and succeed (2 minute read)

Brian O'Malley, managing partner at Forerunner, emphasizes the potential of AI to reshape industries, but also highlights the current stage's uncertainties and comparisons to the buzz around Web3. To make AI an essential part of daily life, he believes it needs to understand nuances in intent and emotion, similar to how GPS and camera advancements transformed mobile technology. AI should be leveraged to serve customers, with the best AI companies being those where customers don't even know AI is involved. Focusing on reliable and repeatable AI experiences will help build enduring businesses, ultimately bringing humanity back into technology-driven experiences.

## Article 9
### [The coming of local LMs (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The coming of local LMs (16 minute read)

## Article 10
### [Sam Altman Says Bias Is Inherent In ChatGPTE28099s Database (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sam Altman Says Bias Is Inherent In ChatGPTE28099s Database (1 minute read)

The article reports on a statement by Sam Altman, the CEO of OpenAI, regarding the inherent biases in the training data used to develop the ChatGPT language model, highlighting the need for more diverse data and ethical considerations in AI development.

## Article 11
### [Replika Restores Erotic Roleplay (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Replika Restores Erotic Roleplay (1 minute read)

AI companion Replika will once again engage in erotic roleplay with users.

