# Articles TLDR AI 13-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Discord is testing ChatGPT-powered Clyde chatbot and other AI features (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Discord is testing ChatGPT-powered Clyde chatbot and other AI features (6 minute read)

Discord is now using OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT technology to transform its existing Clyde bot into a talkative chatbot. Clyde is being upgraded next week to answer questions and have conversations with users, much like OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT or MicrosoftE28099s Bing chat feature. ItE28099s part of a broader push for AI in Discord, which also includes AI-generated conversation summaries and the ability for Discord admins to leverage AI technology to moderate servers.

## Article 2
### [Open Source ChatGPT replication trained on 43 million instructions (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Open Source ChatGPT replication trained on 43 million instructions (4 minute read)</span>

One of the reasons chatGPT is so powerful is because of the instruction tuning process. By feeding the model data formatted as instructions, it becomes much more likely to follow instructions that users give it. Openchatkit is a 20 billion parameter instruction tuned Transformer and other useful tools to make an open source replication of the powerful and popular chatbot.

## Article 3
### [GPT-4 is coming next week says Microsoft Germany (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT-4 is coming next week says Microsoft Germany (5 minute read)

From Andreas Braun, CTO of Microsoft Germany: E2809CWe will introduce GPT-4 next week, there we will have multimodal models that will offer completely different possibilities E28093 for example videos,E2809D Braun said. The CTO called LLM a E2809Cgame changerE2809D because they teach machines to understand natural language, which then understand in a statistical way what was previously only readable and understandable by humans.

## Article 4
### [Cherry picking robot with only 30 min of interaction data (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cherry picking robot with only 30 min of interaction data (7 minute read)

Data efficiency is one of the challenges of many reinforcement learning algorithms. It usually takes millions of environmental interactions before the agent starts to learn. This is often infeasible with real world robotic systems. This work is one example of a system that is more data efficient.

## Article 5
### [PixMIM: A Simple and Effective Method for Masked Image Modeling (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PixMIM: A Simple and Effective Method for Masked Image Modeling (18 minute read)

The paper proposes PixMIM, a simple and effective method for Masked Image Modeling (MIM) that addresses two previously overlooked bottlenecks. PixMIM filters high-frequency components from the reconstruction target and adopts a conservative data transform strategy to alleviate the problem of missing foreground in MIM training. The method can be easily integrated into most existing pixel-based MIM approaches, improving three MIM approaches consistently across various downstream tasks without additional computation. PixMIM can serve as a strong baseline for self-supervised learning and provide insights for future improvements of the MIM framework.

## Article 6
### [Run state of the art language models on your laptop (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Run state of the art language models on your laptop (GitHub Repo)

By taking advantage of the new Apple neural computing system, you can run the llama models on m1 and m2 computers. You can even get many tokens per second for the smallest model. This points at an exciting future of personalized AI running on consumer grade hardware.</span>

## Article 7
### [Dead simple way to run language models (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dead simple way to run language models (2 minute read)

Powered by the above code, this project packages things up nicely and allows you to install and run the llama models with familiar web tools like npx.

## Article 8
### [Text-Generation-Webui (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Text-Generation-Webui (GitHub Repo)

This GitHub Repo is a gradio web UI for running Large Language Models like GPT-J 6B, OPT, GALACTICA, LLaMA, and Pygmalion.

## Article 9
### [Combine PEFT with RLHF (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Combine PEFT with RLHF (6 minute read)

Parameter efficient fine tuning (PEFT) is a way to update only a small fraction of the weights of a model. Reinforcement learning from human feedback (RLHF) is a similar step to instruction tuning that improves model generation quality and model alignment. By combining the two, you can tune large models up to 20 billion parameters on a relatively small GPU with 24GB of on chip memory. This process would usually require multiple A100s.

## Article 10
### [ChatGPTE28099s API makes most text generating AI obsolete (12 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPTE28099s API makes most text generating AI obsolete (12 minute read)</strong>

ChatGPTE28099s API is really good, and itE28099s so cheap that itE28099s making most other text generating AI models obsolete. On March 1st, OpenAI set the price of the ChatGPT API to 1/10th of the GPT-3 API, at $0.002/1,000 tokens. Combine this with how customizable the models are with prompt engineering, and you have a technology that will disrupt many industries.

## Article 11
### [ChatGPT is now available in Azure OpenAI Service (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT is now available in Azure OpenAI Service (5 minute read)

## Article 12
### [Large Language Models Are Having Their Stable Diffusion Moment (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Large Language Models Are Having Their Stable Diffusion Moment (5 minute read)

This article dives into how Large Language Models are exploding in innovation and popularity similar to the explosion in generative AI following Stable Diffusions release in August 2022.

## Article 13
### [Toolbox (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Toolbox (GitHub Repo)

This GitHub Repo is a mix of machine learning guides and tools.

