# Articles TLDR AI 29-05-2023

## Article 1
### [TinyCorp raises $5m to build deep learning software for AMDs (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TinyCorp raises $5m to build deep learning software for AMDs (4 minute read)

Nvidia has a strong advantage in the GPU market. Much of that can be attributed to their kernels and software supporting training and inference workloads. AMD chips are super fast, but writing code for them is impossibly painful. George Holtz and crew are now working to write drivers from the ground up first for inference then maybe training later. It would be a boon on compute constrained organizations if they could use the cheaper AMD GPUs.

## Article 2
### [Sam Altman Shares His Optimistic View Of AI (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sam Altman Shares His Optimistic View Of AI (4 minute read)

OpenAI's CEO, Sam Altman, expressed optimism about AI's future during his European tour, emphasizing its potential uses such as in education and stressing the need for a global regulatory framework that balances protection and innovation.

## Article 3
### [New superbug-killing antibiotic discovered using AI (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New superbug-killing antibiotic discovered using AI (5 minute read)

AI was used to discover "abaucin," a new antibiotic effective against the superbug Acinetobacter baumannii. The AI, trained with thousands of known drugs, shortlisted potential antibiotics from over 6,000 untested compounds in 90 minutes. Although promising, abaucin requires further tests and clinical trials. It is expected to be available around 2030.

## Article 4
### [A New Method for Correcting Errors in Converting Text to SQL (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A New Method for Correcting Errors in Converting Text to SQL (14 minute read)

This paper focuses on improving how computers understand and convert everyday language into SQL, a language used for managing and manipulating databases. It introduces a new method that corrects errors by looking at whole sections of code instead of individual words, and uses a new representation for SQL queries that's closer to how pre-existing code language models work, leading to a significant improvement in accuracy.</span>

## Article 5
### [A Hybrid Model Combining the Strengths of Transformers and RNNs (24 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Hybrid Model Combining the Strengths of Transformers and RNNs (24 minute read)

This research introduces a new model called Receptance Weighted Key Value (RWKV), which brings together the efficient parallelized training of Transformers and the efficient operation of Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs). With its unique approach of utilizing a linear attention mechanism, RWKV can be used like a Transformer or an RNN during different stages, proving equally effective as Transformers, but with more efficient use of computing resources.

## Article 6
### [Improving Question Answering System Through User Feedback (26 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Improving Question Answering System Through User Feedback (26 minute read)

Researchers explore how a system that extracts answers to questions can be constantly improved by feedback from human users. Through experiments involving thousands of user interactions, we found that user feedback significantly improved the system's performance over time, including its ability to adapt to new topics or areas of knowledge.

## Article 7
### [A Theorem-Based Question-Answering Dataset for Testing Large Language Models (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Theorem-Based Question-Answering Dataset for Testing Large Language Models (GitHub Repo)

Researchers have developed the first dataset for testing AI language models using 800 question-answer pairs based on over 350 STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) theorems. This dataset offers a new benchmark to measure an AI's ability to solve complex, university-level problems using these theorems.

## Article 8
### [Learning minecraft with GPT4 without training (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Learning minecraft with GPT4 without training (10 minute read)

GPT-4 is widely regarded as the most powerful language model to date. However, because it is closed behind an API, we canE28099t train it for novel tasks. Voyager uses code as the E2809Cpolicy representationE2809D and uses the environment errors and performance as natural language feedback. The set of code functions then allows GPT4 to iteratively improve at mining diamond and other tasks.

## Article 9
### [Anse (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Anse (GitHub Repo)

Anse is a fully optimized UI for AI chats.</span>

## Article 10
### [OpenAI Has No Plans To Leave Europe (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAI Has No Plans To Leave Europe (2 minute read)

OpenAI has no plans to leave Europe, CEO Sam Altman said on Friday, reversing a threat made earlier this week to leave the region if it becomes too hard to comply with upcoming laws on artificial intelligence.

## Article 11
### [Interview With Ben Goertzel (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Interview With Ben Goertzel (6 minute read)

Ben Goertzel, renowned AI researcher, shares his views on future AI developments and their societal implications. He talks about the possibility of conscious AIs, suggesting it may be unethical to withhold rights from them. However, he also highlights potential risks of superintelligent AIs.

## Article 12
### [GPT your GDrive with LangChain (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT your GDrive with LangChain (2 minute read)

Accessing personal information dramatically reduces hallucinations for various tasks. This integration lets you connect to your Google Drive and ingest data to give to language models.

## Article 13
### [ArcE28099s HireAI (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ArcE28099s HireAI (Product)

HireAI is the smarter way to hire remote developers.

