# Articles TLDR AI 16-05-2023

## Article 1
### [PiecesE28099 ML: We Have No Moat, But We Have 1,000 Lakes (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PiecesE28099 ML: We Have No Moat, But We Have 1,000 Lakes (Sponsor)

Pieces has created a new solution to overcome AI training complexities utilizing low-rank adaption (LoRA) and AI-generated labels.Pieces leverages small, local models throughout their productivity suite, enabling users to store, enrich, and enhance code snippets throughout their workflow.Capture code from screenshots, generate code from natural language, and magically enrich your materialsEnhance code readability and performance, convert to boilerplate, and translate between languages or frameworksSearch, share, and reuse snippets with easeReady to experience the next milestone in model generation? Explore our advanced ML features and make your workflow smarter with Pieces today. 

## Article 2
### [Together compute $20m seed round (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Together compute $20m seed round (2 minute read)

Together compute is, among other things, building a cloud platform for efficient machine learning. With strong academic connections, and highly talented technologists, they have a good shot of building really useful tools for the ecosystem. One of their notable works to date is the release of the red pajama data set, which is an open replication of the closed data set used to train Llama.

## Article 3
### [OpenAIE28099s moat is stronger than you think (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenAIE28099s moat is stronger than you think (5 minute read)

## Article 4
### [Megabyte - million byte sequences (28 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Megabyte - million byte sequences (28 minute read)

Transformers are not actually end to end. There is a separate training process for the tokenizer which is strange and often leads to odd performance in general. However, if we try to naively train on bytes we quickly run out of context length given the increased length of sequences. Additionally for truly multimodal problems training directly on bytes removes complex patching and tokenization schemes. This work allows models to train directly on bytes with sequence lengths up to a million bytes. Maybe this will even help nucleus sampling for rare words too!

## Article 5
### [Steering language models with activations (32 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Steering language models with activations (32 minute read)

One of the goals of AI safety is called scalable oversight, where we hope to discover ways to steer language model generations without expensive human intervention. All the ideas in this paper aren't new, harkening back to soft prompts, it is an interesting extension. They find that by adding activation vectors for simple ideas, they can steer the generation towards those ideas. For example making text happier or more prone to conspiracy theory generation.

## Article 6
### [Video Question Answering (45 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Video Question Answering (45 minute read)

Visual question answering has seen massive adoption over the past several months, and rapid progress. Largely enabled by pre-trained models such as Blip and clip. Applying these models to video is challenging due to the dramatically increased computational requirements. This work introduces a cascade of different models that dramatically improves the robustness of these systems by operating at different timescales. They use Blip2 and find strong performance.

## Article 7
### [Microsoft Guidance (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Guidance (GitHub Repo)

Programs are how we talk to computers, prompts are how we talk to AI, and AI is now talking to computers. This means that we need a better way to talk with AI. Guidance is essentially a prompting language and toolkit developed by Microsoft that allows you to set guidelines and instructions in a way that encourages reproducible and robust prompts.

## Article 8
### [Enhancing 3D Scene Reconstruction and Realism from Laser Data (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Enhancing 3D Scene Reconstruction and Realism from Laser Data (5 minute read)

NFL is a new method that takes LiDAR data (a way of measuring distances using lasers) and creates realistic 3D scenes from new viewpoints. This technique works better than others and can help improve tasks like mapping and understanding the environment around us.

## Article 9
### [Unveiling ImageBind (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Unveiling ImageBind (7 minute read)

## Article 10
### [Uncensored Models (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Uncensored Models (10 minute read)

Eric Hartford's blog post explores the implications of uncensored AI models, suggesting that AI censorship might be leading us down a risky path. He argues for the development of systems to better manage the outputs rather than suppressing them. He mentions that more research and dialogue are needed around the ethics of AI use, and proposes the idea of a multi-stakeholder governance model for AI systems.

## Article 11
### [Google Plans To Fight Back Against DeepFakes (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Plans To Fight Back Against DeepFakes (3 minute read)

Arstechnica reports that Google is preparing to combat the increasing prevalence of AI-generated fakes. As deep fakes and other forms of manipulated content become more sophisticated, the tech giant is developing new tools to identify and flag this content. It plans to implement these measures across its various platforms to ensure the authenticity of content and protect users from misinformation. Google's approach will involve both technology, such as AI algorithms, and user education.

## Article 12
### [Amazon Plans To Add ChatGPT Search (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Amazon Plans To Add ChatGPT Search (2 minute read)

Amazon.com Inc. plans to bring ChatGPT-style product search to its web store, rivaling efforts by Microsoft Corp. and Google to weave generative artificial intelligence into their search engines.

## Article 13
### [GPT4Tools (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT4Tools (GitHub Repo)

GPT4Tools is a centralized system that can control multiple visual foundation models.

## Article 14
### [Meet The OpenAI E28098Red TeamE28099 (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Meet The OpenAI E28098Red TeamE28099 (4 minute read)

OpenAI used an eclectic mix of people, known as the E28098Red TeamE28099, to E28098adversarially testE28099 GPT-4.

