# Articles TLDR AI 07-04-2023

## Article 1
### [ChromaE28099s $18m seed funding (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChromaE28099s $18m seed funding (1 minute read)

Another big funding announcement for an open source tool for AI. This time the fast growing embeddings database company raises cash. TheyE28099re hoping that folks will use their tools to add state and memory to different LLM applications. The goal is for this to reduce hallucinations and increase factuality. TheyE28099re growing quickly, itE28099ll be interesting to see how all the different LLMOps tools come together.

## Article 2
### [Fixie raises $17M seed funding (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fixie raises $17M seed funding (2 minute read)

Fixie is developing a platform for companies to integrate Large Language Models into their products. The seed round was led by Redpoint, SignalFire, and Zetta Venture Partners.

## Article 3
### [June AI (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 June AI (Product Launch)

June AI lets you answer complex product questions using plain English. Write a question about your product, June AI returns the answer. View & edit the SQL query if you want. Save your queries.

## Article 4
### [How does training a model with RLHF actually work? (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How does training a model with RLHF actually work? (17 minute read)

Training a model on an unsupervised dataset is so last year. Using human feedback data is all the rage and while it sounds easy in theory - it turns out to be tricky in practice. The HuggingFace folks have written another great blog showcasing StackLLaMA which answers StackExchange-like questions.

## Article 5
### [Vision Transformers with Mixed-Resolution Tokenization (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vision Transformers with Mixed-Resolution Tokenization (8 minute read)

The paper proposes a new approach to Vision Transformers by introducing a mixed-resolution sequence of tokens to replace the standard uniform grid, where each token represents a patch of arbitrary size. This approach uses the Quadtree algorithm and a novel saliency scorer to construct a patch mosaic that processes important image regions with higher resolution while routing low-saliency areas in low resolution, resulting in significant accuracy gains on image classification while controlling for the computational budget.

## Article 6
### [VideoCrafter: A Toolkit for Text-to-Video Generation and Editing (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 VideoCrafter: A Toolkit for Text-to-Video Generation and Editing (GitHub Repo)

VideoCrafter is an open-source video generation and editing toolbox for crafting video content, which contains three models: Generic Text-to-video Generation, Personalized Text-to-Video Generation with LoRA, and Video Generation with More Condition Controls

## Article 7
### [TM2D: Bimodality Driven 3D Dance Generation via Music-Text Integration (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TM2D: Bimodality Driven 3D Dance Generation via Music-Text Integration (GitHub Repo)

The paper proposes a new task that utilizes both music and text for 3D dance generation, which can guide humans to perform richer movements. To tackle the challenge of the existing datasets containing paired motion with a single modality, the authors utilize a 3D human motion VQ-VAE to project the motions of the two datasets into a latent space, and propose a cross-modal transformer architecture to integrate text instructions. The approach generates realistic and coherent dance motion conditioned on both music and text, while keeping comparable performance conditioned on two single modalities.

## Article 8
### [E2b (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E2b (GitHub Repo)

E2b is an open-source IDE powered by AI agents that do the work for you.

## Article 9
### [Samsung workers made a major error by using ChatGPT (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Samsung workers made a major error by using ChatGPT (2 minute read)

Samsung employees accidentally leaked sensitive data while using ChatGPT for assistance with tasks. In less than a month, three incidents of confidential information leaks occurred, with data now retained by OpenAI, ChatGPT's developer. In response, Samsung Semiconductor is creating its own in-house AI for employees with limited prompts, while Samsung Electronics has warned workers about the potential dangers of such data leaks.

## Article 10
### [What It Feels Like To Work In AI Right Now (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What It Feels Like To Work In AI Right Now (8 minute read)

This article dives into the feelings around working in AI right now, specifically the conflict between the capitalistic desire for progress and the need for safety.

## Article 11
### [Audio2Doc (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Audio2Doc (Product)

Your audio player with transcriptions and the semantic search.

