# Articles TLDR AI 02-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Typeface raises $65M to bring generative AI to the enterprise (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Typeface raises $65M to bring generative AI to the enterprise (3 minute read)</span>

Typeface, a startup developing an AI-powered dashboard for drafting marketing copy and images, emerged from stealth this week with $65 million in venture equity backing from Lightspeed Venture Partners, GV (Google Ventures), M12 (MicrosoftE28099s Venture Fund) and Menlo Ventures. Founded by former Adobe CTO Abhay Parasnis, Typeface attempts to combine generative AI with a brandE28099s tone, audiences and workflows to E28094 as Parasnis rather aspirationally puts it E28094 E2809CreimagineE2809D content workflows and corporate content development.

## Article 2
### [PromptLoop: build spreadsheet models powered by AI (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PromptLoop: build spreadsheet models powered by AI (Product Launch)

Use PromptLoop in Google Sheets and Excel to build spreadsheet models that transform, extract, or summarize any text with our AI models. The formula is designed just like SUM or VLOOKUP and generates answers with powerful AI models.

## Article 3
### [Using graphs with many labels to learn on graphs with zero labels (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Using graphs with many labels to learn on graphs with zero labels (13 minute read)

Zero shot transfer learning is a method that allows you to improve performance of models on a target domain that has no labels but transferring knowledge learned by a model in a related source domain. This new work from Google outlines how to do this process on heterogeneous graphs with a multiplicity of data types. They introduce a number of innovations that allows them to learn a strong mapping between label rich and label poor graphs. They find dramatic improvements of 24% to 190% on various domains.

## Article 4
### [Collage Diffusion: Fine-Grained Control Over Diffusion-Based Image Generation (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Collage Diffusion: Fine-Grained Control Over Diffusion-Based Image Generation (13 minute read)

Text-conditional diffusion models can generate high-quality images, but they often require additional controls to ensure precise image output. In this paper, the authors introduce Collage Diffusion, a collage-conditional diffusion algorithm that allows users to control the spatial arrangement and visual attributes of objects in the scene. By defining a collage with an ordered sequence of layers, each with an RGBA image and corresponding text prompt, users can control image harmonization on a layer-by-layer basis and edit individual objects in generated images while keeping other objects fixed. Collage Diffusion modifies text-image cross-attention with alpha masks to ensure different parts of the input text correspond to the various locations specified in the input collage layers. This approach generates globally harmonized images that maintain desired object locations and visual characteristics better than prior approaches.

## Article 5
### [RLHF to reduce language model toxicity (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 RLHF to reduce language model toxicity (6 minute read)

Aligning language models is hard. One method uses E2809CHuman FeedbackE2809D to train a reward model. However, if we can compute the reward model on the fly from each example, there is no need for expensive feedback. In this example, they use another language model to score the toxicity of a piece of text. They can use that as a reward to decrease the toxicity of a modelE28099s output.

## Article 6
### [Indirect Prompt Injection on Bing Chat (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Indirect Prompt Injection on Bing Chat (15 minute read)

If allowed by the user, Bing Chat can see currently open websites. The authors show that an attacker can plant an injection in a website the user is visiting, which silently turns Bing Chat into a Social Engineer who seeks out and infiltrates personal information. The user doesn't have to ask about the website or do anything except interact with Bing Chat while the website is opened in the browser.

## Article 7
### [World building with GPT (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 World building with GPT (17 minute read)

## Article 8
### [NvidiaE28099s latest GPU drivers can upscale old blurry YouTube videos (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NvidiaE28099s latest GPU drivers can upscale old blurry YouTube videos (2 minute read)

Nvidia is releasing new GPU drivers today that will upscale old blurry web videos on RTX 30- and 40-series cards. RTX Video Super Resolution is a new AI upscaling technology from Nvidia that works inside Chrome or Edge to improve any video in a browser by sharpening the edges of objects and reducing video artifacts.

## Article 9
### [YouTubeE28099s New Leader Teases AI Tools (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 YouTubeE28099s New Leader Teases AI Tools (2 minute read)

Neal Mohan, the new head of YouTube, outlined his key priorities and teased some upcoming features for the media platform in his first address to the community since stepping up to the role last month. In his letter, Mohan opens by saying that heE28099ll E2809Ccontinue to put [creators] firstE2809D and recapping some of the recent features the platform has added. He also teased one particularly interesting new one: YouTube is developing generative AI tools for content creators.

## Article 10
### [MetaE28099s AI-driven advertising system splits marketers (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MetaE28099s AI-driven advertising system splits marketers (4 minute read)

MetaE28099s efforts to overhaul its advertising technology in response to AppleE28099s privacy changes are leading to bumper results for brands but also fears from marketers they are being forced to relinquish too much control to the social media platform. The company has been pouring investment into applying machine learning and artificial intelligence to its advertising systems in recent months.

