# Articles TLDR AI 02-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Godfather of AI leaves Google (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Godfather of AI leaves Google (3 minute read)

While the content of this piece is a bit sensationalized, the fact that Dr. Hinton has left Google is notable. He claimed, on Twitter, that his goal was to distance himself from Google so he could speak more openly about the potential harms of AI. He claims his previous employer acted responsibly with AI product releases.

## Article 2
### [Stability AI Releases DeepFloyd IF (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stability AI Releases DeepFloyd IF (2 minute read)

Stability AI has released DeepFloyd, an innovative text-to-image model, which leverages AI to transform textual descriptions into detailed and vivid images, opening up new possibilities in digital art and design.

## Article 3
### [Open GPT model tuned for medical data (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Open GPT model tuned for medical data (12 minute read)

Llama is a language model from Meta that was released under a mostly open license. It was trained for much longer than GPT-3 and even longer than was optimally suggested by DeepmindE28099s Chinchilla. It does ok on medical tasks, but when tuned more scores improve by 30%+. Lots of folks have been talking about Parameter Efficient Fine-Tuning which only updates a fraction of the underlying model. This paper shows that while it is cheaper to use PEFT, performance is sometimes significantly worse.

## Article 4
### [Diffusion Model with Constraints (28 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Diffusion Model with Constraints (28 minute read)

Diffusion models are a class of machine learning models that learn to slowly remove noise from data to produce high quality output. The Stable Diffusion text-to-image model is an example of such a model. One challenge with these models is setting constraints on the output (imagine an application where you only want to use blue pixels). This paper introduces an inequality constraint on the output so that you can produce diffusion paths for anything within the approved region. They showcase examples of diffusion models for biomedical applications where constraints are extremely tight.

## Article 5
### [Synthetic Data from Diffusion Models Improves ImageNet Classification (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Synthetic Data from Diffusion Models Improves ImageNet Classification (13 minute read)

The paper explores the potential of using large-scale text-to-image diffusion models for generative data augmentation to improve challenging discriminative tasks. The study shows that fine-tuned class-conditional models generated by these models have state-of-the-art FID, Inception Score, and Classification Accuracy Scores. Augmenting the ImageNet training set with samples from the generated models results in significant improvements in ImageNet classification accuracy over strong ResNet and Vision Transformer baselines.

## Article 6
### [NeutralSpeech2 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NeutralSpeech2 (5 minute read)

The Natural Speech 2 project aims to advance the state of the art in speech recognition by developing new algorithms and models that are better equipped to handle the inherent complexities and nuances of human speech, ultimately improving the performance and usability of speech-based AI systems.

## Article 7
### [Whisper 70x faster (HuggingFace)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Whisper 70x faster (HuggingFace)

Now running in Jax, this version of whisper can transcribe 1hr of audio in mere seconds. The underlying model is already one of the most powerful speech to text systems out there - now itE28099s almost a no-brainer given the speed. There are still drawbacks, but this is an excellent result from the community.

## Article 8
### [Godot-Dodo (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Godot-Dodo (GitHub Repo)

The godot-dodo project presents a pipeline to finetune open source language models on human-created, language-specific code retrieved from GitHub.

## Article 9
### [Get 3X Faster Stable Diffusion at Much Lower Cost with OctoML Compute Service (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Get 3X Faster Stable Diffusion at Much Lower Cost with OctoML Compute Service (Sponsor)

Don't wait on A100s when you can run Stable Diffusion super fast on A10Gs. Sign up for early access to the OctoML compute service to try the fastest Stable Diffusion 2.1 available today. No changes to model accuracy, no need to train or retrain, built-in customization options. Read more.

## Article 10
### [The Future Of Generative AI Is Niche, Not Generalized (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Future Of Generative AI Is Niche, Not Generalized (4 minute read)

MIT Technology Review suggests that the future of generative AI will likely be niche-specific rather than generalized, pointing to the increasing demand for customized AI solutions tailored to specific industries or applications, and the limitations of current one-size-fits-all AI models in addressing unique and diverse needs.

## Article 11
### [Beijing Forces AI Bots To Display E28098Socialist Core ValuesE28099 (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Beijing Forces AI Bots To Display E28098Socialist Core ValuesE28099 (6 minute read)

Sydney Morning Herald reports on Beijing's initiative to compel AI bots to uphold and display "socialist core values," a move that underscores the Chinese government's effort to align technological advancements with its political ideology and societal norms.

## Article 12
### [Microsoft Edge Now Has Bing AI (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Edge Now Has Bing AI (1 minute read)

Microsoft Edge is introducing an AI-powered feature in its right-click context menu. This addition, which is powered by Bing, will provide users with AI-generated suggestions for their queries while browsing. It aims to help users find relevant information quickly without opening new tabs or performing additional searches.

## Article 13
### [More AI Mind Reading (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 More AI Mind Reading (3 minute read)

Scientists have been using AI to decode images directly from brain scans, according to a report on TechXplore. This cutting-edge research could lead to significant advancements in neuroscience, particularly in understanding how our brains process visual information. The technology uses machine learning models to predict the images that people are seeing based purely on their brain activity, which is measured using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). This could have profound implications for the fields of artificial intelligence and neuroscience.

## Article 14
### [H20GPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 H20GPT (GitHub Repo)

An open-source version of GPT.

## Article 15
### [NewsBytes (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NewsBytes (GitHub Repo)

NewsBytes is an AI generated podcast that covers global headlines in roughly 5 minutes.

