# Articles TLDR AI 31-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Improving AI Accuracy in Healthcare with Synthetic Data (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Improving AI Accuracy in Healthcare with Synthetic Data (Sponsor)

Join our friends @ Gretel.ai on Tuesday June 6th @ 12 PM PDT / 3 PM EDT to explore the role of synthetic data in improving AI accuracy and reducing bias in healthcare datasets.You can expect to:E29CA8 Explore where innovation in AI-powered tools in the healthcare industry is headedE29CA8 Gain valuable insights into how generative AI techniques like conditional data generation create high-quality synthetic healthcare records in minutes,E29CA8 Dive into some real world examples of EHR & EMR synthesisYou can register for free here and submit your question in advance for a live Q&amp;A!

## Article 2
### [South KoreaE28099s Naver to target foreign governments with latest ChatGPT-like AI model (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 South KoreaE28099s Naver to target foreign governments with latest ChatGPT-like AI model (5 minute read)

South Korean internet giant Naver plans to provide foreign governments with tailored versions of its latest ChatGPT-like AI model, focusing on localization to address political and cultural needs. The company is also set to launch HyperClova X, an upgrade to enhance its domestic services.

## Article 3
### [Statement On AI Risk (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Statement On AI Risk (1 minute read)

A statement from leading AI researchers imploring society to treat the risk of extinction from AI similarly to pandemic and nuclear war.

## Article 4
### [ChatGPT E28098hallucinates.E28099 Some researchers worry it isnE28099t fixable. (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT E28098hallucinates.E28099 Some researchers worry it isnE28099t fixable. (9 minute read)

MIT researchers have proposed a novel "society of minds" approach to address AI "hallucinations", where large language models like OpenAI's GPT-4 generate false or inaccurate information. The method involves using multiple chatbots to provide different responses to the same question, with the bots debating until they reach a consensus. Despite the creativity of such solutions, it's clear that hallucinations remain a significant challenge in AI technology. Hallucinations impact the reliability of AI-generated content and raise concerns about potential misuse in sensitive fields like medicine, law, and cybersecurity.

## Article 5
### [Generate images with a language model (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Generate images with a language model (7 minute read)

Multimodal training of more than one data type has been gaining popularity recently. Usually, the model architecture requires complicated and somewhat brittle solutions. Gill is a cool new project that interleaves text tokens with image tokens to allow for truly multimodal input and output. The reported results are compelling although there are still limitations.

## Article 6
### [ControlVideo: Extending ControlNet to Videos (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ControlVideo: Extending ControlNet to Videos (18 minute read)

ControlVideo is a new way to edit videos based on written instructions, making the video more faithful and consistent with the text while maintaining the original video's structure. It achieves this by combining advanced techniques. ControlVideo improves upon previous methods in terms of accuracy and realism. It offers a lot of flexibility in how much of the original video information to use.

## Article 7
### [Boosting Language Model Performance with Self-Note Taking Method (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Boosting Language Model Performance with Self-Note Taking Method (6 minute read)

Large language models sometimes have trouble remembering things and thinking through multiple steps. A new method lets these models take notes on their own, helping them remember better and solve more complex problems.

## Article 8
### [Large language models are not fair evaluators (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Large language models are not fair evaluators (GitHub Repo)

It is challenging to compare the performance of multiple models to one another. Traditional automated measures aren't robust and human evaluation isn't scalable. Recently people have been turning to GPT4 as a proxy for human preference. After all, it was trained with RLHF. However, doing this naively results in miscalibration. This work proposes a few simple fixes that aligns GPT4 evaluations more closely with those of humans.

## Article 9
### [Gorilla: Enhancing the Power of LLMs in Generating API Calls (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gorilla: Enhancing the Power of LLMs in Generating API Calls (3 minute read)

Gorilla, a refined model based on Large Language Models (LLMs), significantly outperforms existing models like GPT-4 in writing API calls. It helps language models use tools more effectively. Combined with a document retriever, Gorilla adjusts well to updated documents, minimizes inaccurate creations, and maintains the reliability of outputs, as demonstrated using a new comprehensive dataset called APIBench.

## Article 10
### [Enhancing Text-to-3D Generation with ProlificDreamer (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Enhancing Text-to-3D Generation with ProlificDreamer (GitHub Repo)

ProlificDreamer is a new method for improving text-to-3D generation. It solves problems like over-saturation and low-diversity found in the earlier Score Distillation Sampling (SDS) approach by treating the 3D parameter as a random variable. This Variational Score Distillation (VSD) framework can produce higher quality and more diverse results, allowing the creation of highly detailed and photo-realistic 3D images from text, including complex effects such as smoke and drops.

## Article 11
### [Corporate VCs Ride The AI Wave (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Corporate VCs Ride The AI Wave (2 minute read)

## Article 12
### [StabilityAIE28099s Letter To The Senate (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 StabilityAIE28099s Letter To The Senate (12 minute read)

A letter by StabilityAI to the Senate in which they advocate for the promotion of open source AI.

## Article 13
### [ChatGPT Shared Links (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT Shared Links (3 minute read)

## Article 14
### [Edtech Groups Insist AI Is A Friend (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Edtech Groups Insist AI Is A Friend (4 minute read)

Edtech groups such as Duolingo insist that AI will enhance their business, despite the possibility that cheap platforms undercut their business.

## Article 15
### [Threestudio (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Threestudio (GitHub Repo)

Threestudio is a unified framework for 3D content creation from text prompts, single images, and few-shot images, by lifting 2D text-to-image generation models.

