# Articles TLDR AI 30-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Tech leaders call for 6 month pause on AI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tech leaders call for 6 month pause on AI (2 minute read)

A group of prominent computer scientists and industry experts, including Elon Musk and Steve Wozniak, have called for a 6-month pause to consider the risks of rolling out AI systems with "human-competitive intelligence" that could outsmart humans. Their petition, organized by the nonprofit Future of Life Institute, warns that such AI systems could pose profound risks to society and humanity, including flooding the internet with disinformation, automating away jobs, and more catastrophic future risks. While the letter has already drawn skeptics, some governments are already working to regulate high-risk AI tools.

## Article 2
### [Cerebras releases the first compute optimal GPT models not trained on a GPU (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cerebras releases the first compute optimal GPT models not trained on a GPU (2 minute read)

## Article 3
### [StyleDiffusion: Prompt-Embedding Inversion for Text-Based Editing (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 StyleDiffusion: Prompt-Embedding Inversion for Text-Based Editing (15 minute read)

Researchers address limitations in pretrained diffusion models for image editing by optimizing the input of the value linear network in cross-attention layers and introducing attention regularization to maintain object-like attention maps. These improvements result in superior editing capabilities, demonstrated through extensive experimental prompt-editing on various images.

## Article 4
### [Introducing GPT4All (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing GPT4All (GitHub Repo)

GPT4All is a 7B parameter language model, trained on high-quality assistant data and accompanied by 800K data samples, training code, and model weights for open research and reproducibility. A 4-bit quantized version that can run on a CPU is also provided.

## Article 5
### [Try out text to video (HuggingFace Space)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Try out text to video (HuggingFace Space)

While this demo only lets you generate 8 frames at a time, it gives good insight into the capabilities of some of these generative video models. There are still lots of open problems here like generation length, consistency, and world knowledge - but things are moving along. The computation required for generative video is much higher than images or text, so these models tend to run slower and take longer to train.

## Article 6
### [Adding consistency to text-to-3D models (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Adding consistency to text-to-3D models (GitHub Repo)

Since the advent of powerful text-to-image models last year, people have been trying to move from 2d to 3d generation. One issue is the E2809Cmulti-view consistencyE2809D problem, where if you only see part of an object, how do you infer what the other parts look like. Many naive methods will copy and paste the 2d image around the object which results in very odd images. By using a consistency injection technique, you can leverage the semantic understanding from 2d models to create fairly robust 3d models. The text to 3d printing pipeline is coming!

## Article 7
### [VIVE3D: Viewpoint-Independent Video Editing using 3D-Aware GANs (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 VIVE3D: Viewpoint-Independent Video Editing using 3D-Aware GANs (GitHub Repo)

The authors present VIVE3D, a new technique that extends the capabilities of image-based 3D GANs to video editing. It uses a novel GAN inversion technique optimized for camera parameters and introduces new edits that show novel views of the head using optical flow-guided compositing to combine the head with the background video, resulting in high-fidelity, consistent quality face edits from various camera viewpoints.

## Article 8
### [Instruct 3D-to-3D: Text Instruction Guided 3D-to-3D conversion (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Instruct 3D-to-3D: Text Instruction Guided 3D-to-3D conversion (GitHub Repo)

Instruct 3D-to-3D, a high-quality 3D-to-3D conversion method, leverages pretrained Image-to-Image diffusion models to transform 3D scenes based on text instructions while maintaining consistency and controllability. Quantitative and qualitative evaluations demonstrate superior conversion quality compared to baseline methods, with the addition of dynamic scaling for adjustable geometry transformation intensity.

## Article 9
### [Attention is All You Need from Not Boring by Packy McCormick (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Attention is All You Need from Not Boring by Packy McCormick (25 minute read)

ChatGPT, OpenAI's increasingly powerful AI, is transforming into a platform that could disintermediate and disrupt various industries. With the introduction of plugins and third-party integrations, ChatGPT can absorb the capabilities of many products, turning them into APIs and creating a one-stop destination for users' needs. As the "Apex Aggregator," ChatGPT is poised to streamline user experiences, reshape consumer behavior, and force businesses to adapt, potentially impacting margins and the way they operate.

## Article 10
### [AI Risk Does Not Equal AGI Risk (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Risk Does Not Equal AGI Risk (5 minute read)

Gary Marcus argues that although the risks of AGI are still far away, current AI LLM models come with their own unique and serious set of risks.

## Article 11
### [Microsoft Restricting Bing Access For Chatbot Competitors (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Restricting Bing Access For Chatbot Competitors (2 minute read)

Microsoft is now restricting access to Bing for its AI chatbot competitors.

## Article 12
### [GPT4All (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT4All (GitHub Repo)

GPT4All provides demos, data, and code to train an assistant-style LLM.

