# Articles TLDR AI 16-03-2023

## Article 1
### [GPT-4 is exciting and scary (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT-4 is exciting and scary (2 minute read)

The article discusses the author's experience testing GPT-4 by asking it a variety of questions E28094 to help with a tax problem, to come up with a new word, to plan a birthday party. The author found that GPT-4 was capable of a wider range of tasks, more fluid in its responses, and seemed to have more guardrails in place than its predecessor. GPT-4 also scored high on a variety of tests, including the Uniform Bar Exam and the Biology Olympiad. While the article acknowledges the positive potential of GPT-4, it also discusses the negative side E28094 the thought of AI being smarter than humans, ethical implications of such technology, and the potential for misuse. Also, another correction from yesterdayE28099s newsletter: GPT-4 can take both images and text as inputs, but not video. Sorry for the brain fart! Maybe I should have had GPT-4 proofread it :)

## Article 2
### [Adept AI raises $350M in Series B funding (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Adept AI raises $350M in Series B funding (2 minute read)

Adept has raised $350M in new funding as part of their Series B led by General Catalyst and Spark Capital. Adept is a research and product AI lab that automates software processes for developers. It's similar to robotic process automation (RPA), or software robots that use a combination of automation, computer vision, and machine learning to automate repetitive tasks like filing forms and responding to emails. Adept is creating general intelligence by allowing humans and computers to collaborate creatively.

## Article 3
### [Google Cloud brings generative AI to developers, businesses, and governments (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Cloud brings generative AI to developers, businesses, and governments (7 minute read)

Google Cloud has launched Generative AI support in Vertex AI and Generative AI App Builder, which enables businesses and governments to access and customize generative AI technology. These tools allow developers to create generative AI applications quickly and easily using out-of-the-box templates and API access to Google's foundation models, with full control over data usage. This move reflects Google Cloud's commitment to empowering teams and transforming industries through AI technology.

## Article 4
### [Reinforcement learning from Privacy Feedback (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Reinforcement learning from Privacy Feedback (6 minute read)

## Article 5
### [UPRISE: Universal Prompt Retrieval for Improving Zero-Shot Evaluation in Large Language Models (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UPRISE: Universal Prompt Retrieval for Improving Zero-Shot Evaluation in Large Language Models (18 minute read)

This paper proposes a solution to the challenge of fine-tuning and task-specific prompt engineering that can limit the generalization abilities of Large Language Models (LLMs). The proposed method, UPRISE, uses a lightweight and versatile retriever to automatically retrieve prompts for a given zero-shot task input, and demonstrates universality in a cross-task and cross-model scenario. The method is tested on a diverse set of tasks, using a small frozen LLM for tuning and testing on much larger LLMs, and is shown to mitigate the hallucination problem in experiments with ChatGPT, suggesting potential to improve even the strongest LLMs.</span>

## Article 6
### [DeepMIM: Deep Supervision for Masked Image Modeling (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DeepMIM: Deep Supervision for Masked Image Modeling (7 minute read)

This paper introduces DeepMIM, a deep supervision technique that significantly boosts the representation capability of each layer in Vision Transformers for masked image modeling. The results show that DeepMIM accelerates model convergence, expands attention diversities, and achieves state-of-the-art performance on various downstream tasks.</span>

## Article 7
### [Pip install pytorch 2.0 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pip install pytorch 2.0 (5 minute read)

Announced in December, this new version of pytorch is now stable and available for easy installation. With a slew of new features, speed improvements, and interfaces - itE28099s an exciting time to be using the most popular deep learning framework out there.

## Article 8
### [Edit-A-Video: A Text-to-Video Approach for Video Editing (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Edit-A-Video: A Text-to-Video Approach for Video Editing (Github Repo)

This paper presents Edit-A-Video, a framework for video editing based on text-to-video (TTV) models adapted from diffusion-based text-to-image (TTI) models. The proposed framework inflates the 2D model into a 3D model, and inverts the source video into the noise to edit with a target text prompt and attention map injection, while also mitigating the background inconsistency problem through a novel mask blending method. Experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method in terms of background consistency, text alignment, and video editing quality compared to baselines.

## Article 9
### [Google partners with Gretel to add synthetic data into Vertex AI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google partners with Gretel to add synthetic data into Vertex AI (2 minute read)

Gretel provides a synthetic data platform that makes it easy to generate anonymized, safe-to-share, and privacy-first synthetic data for enterprises that are blocked by data sharing limitations or lack of data. Developers that use Vertex AI for ML ops will now be able to use synthetic data to meet privacy and data augmentation requirements, resulting in accelerated ML R&D and operations.

## Article 10
### [How Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant Lost The AI Race (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant Lost The AI Race (5 minute read)

Virtual assistants like Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant had more than a decade head start to become indispensable. But they were hampered by clunky design and miscalculations, leaving room for chatbots like ChatGPT to rise.

## Article 11
### [LinkedIn Is Adding AI Tools (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LinkedIn Is Adding AI Tools (1 minute read)

LinkedIn now has AI tools to assist with profile copy and job descriptions.

## Article 12
### [LLaMA-rs (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LLaMA-rs (GitHub Repo)

LLaMA-rs is a Rust port of LLaMA.

