# Articles TLDR AI 22-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Google launches Bard (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google launches Bard (4 minute read)

It's here! GoogleE28099s long anticipated entry into the language models as a service game. Bard is a lightweight version of Lambda, which was a 70B parameter conversational agent trained a few years ago. They have spent a lot of effort making things safe and grounded in truthfulness, weE28099ll see when people start getting added to the waitlist if it lives up to the promises!

## Article 2
### [AdobeE28099s home grown generative models (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AdobeE28099s home grown generative models (2 minute read)

Player 2 has entered the game. Adobe has launched a private beta for their Firefly set of models. Backed by a strong vision team and access to significant data the art behemoth is now poised to offer their own generative image models. There is a growing hypothesis that tech matters less and distribution is still king, when both are combined, weE28099ll see what happens!

## Article 3
### [Google proposes SVDiff, a personalized text-to-image diffusion model (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google proposes SVDiff, a personalized text-to-image diffusion model (11 minute read)

Researchers from Google propose a novel approach called SVDiff to address the limitations of existing text-to-image diffusion models for personalization, including overfitting and inefficient parameter storage. SVDiff involves fine-tuning the singular values of weight matrices, resulting in a compact and efficient parameter space that reduces the risk of overfitting, language-drifting, and has a significantly smaller model size, making it more practical for real-world applications.

## Article 4
### [Zero-1-to-3: Zero-shot One Image to 3D Object (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Zero-1-to-3: Zero-shot One Image to 3D Object (9 minute read)

Zero-1-to-3 is a framework for changing the camera viewpoint of an object from a single RGB image, using a conditional diffusion model that learns controls of relative camera viewpoint from a synthetic dataset. This approach shows strong zero-shot generalization abilities to out-of-distribution datasets and in-the-wild images, including impressionist paintings, and can be used for 3D reconstruction from a single image, outperforming state-of-the-art models by leveraging Internet-scale pre-training.

## Article 5
### [How many GPUs do I need to train my model? (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How many GPUs do I need to train my model? (1 minute read)

The short is you need a minimum of 16 * N (billion params) GB of cluster memory to train a model. Convergence speed and training time will be helped by larger clusters, but this is a good way to reason about costs vs performance with customly trained models.

## Article 6
### [CLIP goes 3D (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CLIP goes 3D (GitHub Repo)

CG3D proposes a framework for zero-shot 3D geometric feature extraction by training a 3D encoder using point clouds, rendered 2D images, and text. Contrastive loss aligns features in a multimodal embedding space, and prompt tuning with trainable input parameters overcomes distribution shift issues. CG3D demonstrates impressive zero-shot, open-scene understanding, and retrieval capabilities, and serves as a strong starting weight for downstream 3D recognition tasks.

## Article 7
### [Nvidia H series of chips gets a memory boost (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nvidia H series of chips gets a memory boost (3 minute read)

Most large language models are constrained by the on chip memory. This new series of chips offers 188 GB of on chip memory which is astonishing. With 990 TFLOPS as well, expect to see this card used more often for training and inference for expensive models.

## Article 8
### [Opportunities In AI x Travel (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Opportunities In AI x Travel (5 minute read)

In this article, a16z argues that the travel industry is ripe for disruption from AI in all areas from planning a trip to booking flights to on the trip itself. Generative AI can be used to draw insights and suggestions from public and private data about travel preferences, locations, transportation, and activities. Startups can leverage AI for inspiration, itinerary planning, booking, and trip assistance, creating more conversational and customized experiences for travelers.

## Article 9
### [The Case For Slowing Down AI (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Case For Slowing Down AI (10 minute read)

This article makes the case that we are moving too fast on AI, and that perhaps slowing down to better understand the risks is the best choice for humanity.

## Article 10
### [Bing Now LetE28099s You Create Images With DALL-E (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bing Now LetE28099s You Create Images With DALL-E (2 minute read)

MicrosoftE28099s Bing chatbot now has an AI-powered image creator built into the search engine.

## Article 11
### [AI Commits (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Commits (GitHub Repo)

AI Commits is a CLI that writes your git commit messages for you with AI.

## Article 12
### [Awesome-Totally-Open-ChatGPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Awesome-Totally-Open-ChatGPT (GitHub Repo)

This GitHub repo is a list of open-source ChatGPT alternatives.

