# Articles TLDR AI 09-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Salesforce Announces Einstein GPT, the WorldE28099s First Generative AI for CRM (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Salesforce Announces Einstein GPT, the WorldE28099s First Generative AI for CRM (3 minute read)

Salesforce launched Einstein GPT, the worldE28099s first generative AI CRM technology, which delivers AI-created content across every sales, service, marketing, commerce, and IT interaction. In partnership with OpenAI, Einstein GPT will infuse SalesforceE28099s proprietary AI models with generative AI technology from an ecosystem of partners and real-time data from the Salesforce Data Cloud, which ingests, harmonizes, and unifies all of a companyE28099s customer data. Additionally, the new ChatGPT app for Slack integrates OpenAIE28099s advanced AI technology to deliver instant conversation summaries, research tools, and writing assistance.

## Article 2
### [Run Stable Diffusion in the browser with WebGPU (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Run Stable Diffusion in the browser with WebGPU (3 minute read)

This project brings stable diffusion models to web browsers. Everything runs inside the browser with no need of server support. This is the first example of the pre-trained model running on a clientE28099s GPU from the browser. It still has some rough edges and sometimes results in browser crashing, but it is an exciting step towards a more modular future.

## Article 3
### [How Google Became Cautious of AI and Gave Microsoft an Opening (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Google Became Cautious of AI and Gave Microsoft an Opening (8 minute read)

More than two years ago, a pair of Google researchers started pushing the company to release a powerful chatbot. The conversational AI they had developed could confidently debate philosophy and banter about its favorite TV shows, while improvising puns about cows and horses. The researchers told colleagues that chatbots like theirs, supercharged by recent advances in AI, would revolutionize the way people searched the internet and interacted with computers, according to people who heard the remarks. They pushed Google to give access to the chatbot to outside researchers, tried to get it integrated into the Google Assistant virtual helper and later asked for Google to make a public demo available. Google executives rebuffed them at multiple turns.

## Article 4
### [Large language models do in-context learning differently (60 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Large language models do in-context learning differently (60 minute read)

As model size increases large language models seem to exhibit some amazing emergent behavior. This paper explores the phenomenon of E2809Cin-context learningE2809D. They find that smaller models rely on their semantic priors and ignore examples that are wrong while larger models learn from the new examples.

## Article 5
### [Visual ChatGPT: Talking, Drawing and Editing with Visual Foundation Models (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Visual ChatGPT: Talking, Drawing and Editing with Visual Foundation Models (16 minute read)</span>

Researchers from Microsoft introduce Visual ChatGPT, a system that combines ChatGPT language model with different visual models, enabling users to interact with ChatGPT using both language and images. The system allows users to provide feedback and ask for corrected results. It injects visual model information into ChatGPT and considers models with multiple inputs/outputs and those that require visual feedback.

## Article 6
### [Dataset for Instruction tuning (HuggingFace Dataset)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dataset for Instruction tuning (HuggingFace Dataset)

Much of the improvements in language models has come from tuning them on instructions. These datasets have a specific format and are somewhat expensive to collect and curate. The authors of self-instruct have released their dataset which contains 50k+ instructions.

## Article 7
### [X-Avatar: Expressive Human Avatars (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 X-Avatar: Expressive Human Avatars (2 minute read)

X-Avatar is a new avatar model that captures the full expressiveness of digital humans. It can be learned from 3D scans or RGB-D data and models bodies, hands, facial expressions, and appearance holistically. The method uses a learned forward skinning module and novel sampling strategies. The paper also contributes a new dataset called X-Humans. The proposed method outperforms strong baselines on the animation task.

## Article 8
### [Visual Perception with Pre-trained Diffusion Models (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Visual Perception with Pre-trained Diffusion Models (Github Repo)

VPD (Visual Perception with Pre-trained Diffusion Models) is a framework that leverages the high-level and low-level knowledge of a pre-trained text-to-image diffusion model to downstream visual perception tasks.

## Article 9
### [Diffusion models for robotics (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Diffusion models for robotics (3 minute read)

If you diffuse a motion path, robotic control becomes significantly more effective! The diffusion process improves the ability of robot manipulators to accomplish challenging tasks.

## Article 10
### [Emergent Abilities of Large Language Models (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Emergent Abilities of Large Language Models (12 minute read)

Language models (LMs) are a class of probabilistic models that learn patterns in natural language. LMs can be utilized for generative purposes to generate, say, the next event in a story by exploiting their knowledge of these patterns. In recent years, significant efforts have been put into scaling LMs into Large Language Models (LLMs). As LLMs are scaled they hit a series of critical scales at which new abilities are suddenly E2809CunlockedE2809D. LLMs are not directly trained to have these abilities. These emergent abilities include performing arithmetic, answering questions, summarizing passages, and more.

## Article 11
### [The AI Future of Frontend Development (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The AI Future of Frontend Development (9 minute read)

AI tools such as ChatGPT have made it easier than ever to outsource programming work, and this has significant implications for the future of frontend development. As a result, it's vital to explore how AI is impacting the programming field, specifically frontend engineering.

## Article 12
### [The results of OpenAI's ChatGPT ran against every (non-premium) Leetcode problem (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The results of OpenAI's ChatGPT ran against every (non-premium) Leetcode problem (2 minute read)

The creator ran ChatGPT against every single challenge and recorded the results. The author explores everything heE28099s learned in exploring AI and ChatGPT to solve this specific niche of problems.

## Article 13
### [Llama-dl (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Llama-dl (GitHub Repo)

Llama-dl is a high-speed download of Facebook's LLaMA model.

