# Articles TLDR AI 14-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Alpaca: A Strong Open-Source Instruction-Following Model (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alpaca: A Strong Open-Source Instruction-Following Model (8 minute read)

Instruction-following models such as GPT-3.5 (text-davinci-003), ChatGPT, Claude, and Bing Chat have become increasingly powerful. However, instruction-following models still have many deficiencies: they can generate false information, propagate social stereotypes, and produce toxic language. To make maximum progress on addressing these pressing problems, it is important for the academic community to engage. Alpaca is a model fine-tuned from the LLaMA 7B model on 52K instruction-following demonstrations.

## Article 2
### [Together releases OpenChatKit (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Together releases OpenChatKit (6 minute read)

OpenChatKit provides a powerful, open-source base to create both specialized and general purpose chatbots for various applications. OpenChatKit is TogetherE28099s version of OpenAIE28099s ChatGPT. All of the modelE28099s weights, code, and training data are available online. And it was even trained on 100% carbon-negative compute.

## Article 3
### [Jensen's inequality (24 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jensen's inequality (24 minute read)

An extremely useful inequality for applied mathematicians and machine learning practitioners. This post explores this often backwards, but useful, inequality. If you're hoping to learn more of the math behind ML, this is a good piece to read.

## Article 4
### [StyleGANEX: Rescaling StyleGAN with Dilated Convolutions for Robust Unaligned Face Manipulation (Github Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 StyleGANEX: Rescaling StyleGAN with Dilated Convolutions for Robust Unaligned Face Manipulation (Github Repo)

This paper proposes a solution to the limitations of StyleGAN, which is restricted to cropped aligned faces at fixed image resolution. The solution involves using dilated convolutions to rescale the receptive fields of shallow layers in StyleGAN without altering model parameters, resulting in features that can accommodate variable resolutions and better characterize unaligned faces. Additionally, the paper introduces an encoder that provides the first-layer feature of the extended StyleGAN and validates the effectiveness of the method in various face manipulation tasks, including super-resolution, facial attribute editing, sketch/mask-to-face translation, and face toonification.

## Article 5
### [MVImgNet: A Large-scale Dataset of Multi-view Images (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MVImgNet: A Large-scale Dataset of Multi-view Images (12 minute read)

The authors introduce MVImgNet, a large-scale dataset of multi-view images for 3D vision. It contains 6.5 million frames from real-world objects and bridges the gap between 2D and 3D vision. MVPNet, a 3D object point cloud dataset, is also introduced.

## Article 6
### [Hyper light speed GPT (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hyper light speed GPT (GitHub Repo)

Based on the NanoGPT repo, this code can train a decoder only transformer model to somewhat reasonable perplexity in just 3 minutes. It is designed to be simple to understand, hackable, with fast convergence for researchers to explore their ideas.

## Article 7
### [Guardrails (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Guardrails (GitHub Repo)

Guardrails is a Python package that lets a user add structure, type, and quality guarantees to the outputs of LLMs.

## Article 8
### [Whisperboard (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Whisperboard (GitHub Repo)

Whisperboard is an iOS app for recording and transcribing audio on the go, based on OpenAIE28099s Whisper model.

## Article 9
### [GPT-4 Upgrade Will Include Text-To-Video (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GPT-4 Upgrade Will Include Text-To-Video (2 minute read)

According to Microsoft Germany CTO Andreas Braun, OpenAIE28099s upcoming GPT-4 upgrade will allow users to turn text into video. Braun added that the more powerful AI will be introduced this week, putting an end to speculation over its release. "We will introduce GPT-4 next week, where we will have multimodal models that will offer completely different possibilities E28093 for example, videos," Braun said.

## Article 10
### [GM Plans To Let You Talk To Your Car With ChatGPT (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GM Plans To Let You Talk To Your Car With ChatGPT (2 minute read)

A new collaboration between Microsoft and GM will enable a ChatGPT chatbot to be added into GME28099s cars.

