# Articles TLDR AI 24-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Bard can help you code (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bard can help you code (2 minute read)

GoogleE28099s language model Bard, when launched, refused to answer coding questions. That has changed now. It can help you code in a huge variety of languages and does a pretty good job! There hasnE28099t been any official validation released, so we donE28099t know how it compares to other program synthesis models, but itE28099s always nice to have options.

## Article 2
### [Mind and Brain (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mind and Brain (2 minute read)

Deepmind and Google Brain are now one org led by Demis Hassabis from Brain. The goal is to build AI focus internally to compete with much of the external pressures from groups like OpenAI. One interesting pivot here is that the new group, called Google Deepmind, has an explicitly stated goal of E2809CAI productsE2809D which is somewhat of a departure from the previous group's focus.

## Article 3
### [Introducing W&B Prompts (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing W&B Prompts (8 minute read)

Weights & Biases (W&B) announces the release of W&B Prompts, a suite of LLMOps tools designed for prompt engineers working with large language models (LLMs). The new tools include one-line LangChain and OpenAI integrations for logging, W&B Launch integration with OpenAI Evals, and improved handling of text in W&B Tables. W&B also introduces a JavaScript SDK for prompt exploration and model generation tracking. In addition, the company is publishing a whitepaper on LLM training best practices, releasing two LLM courses on fine-tuning and LLMOps, and open sourcing WandBot, a GPT-4 powered support bot.

## Article 4
### [Theory of Adam instability (20 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Theory of Adam instability (20 minute read)

The Meta folks have been training some big models recently. Part of the pain of that is loss spikes. This is where training diverges and usually requires manual intervention to get things back on track. This paper outlines a hypothesis for these spikes. They claim that Adam is the culprit. Maybe some of the new optimizers like Lion or Shampoo can help?

## Article 5
### [Real-Time View Synthesis (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Real-Time View Synthesis (3 minute read)

This paper presents a novel method that distills and bakes Neural Radiance Fields (NeRFs) into efficient mesh-based neural representations, enabling real-time rendering and compatibility with parallel graphics pipelines. The approach uses a two-layer duplex mesh, screen-space convolutions, and a multiview distillation optimization strategy, resulting in superior performance and effectiveness demonstrated through experiments on standard datasets.

## Article 6
### [Multi-Modal Face Generation and Editing (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multi-Modal Face Generation and Editing (3 minute read)

The paper introduces Collaborative Diffusion, a method that combines pre-trained uni-modal diffusion models to achieve multi-modal face generation and editing without retraining. By utilizing a dynamic diffuser meta-network, the approach effectively hallucinates multi-modal denoising steps and integrates multiple uni-modal manipulations, demonstrating superior image quality and condition consistency in extensive experiments.

## Article 7
### [Voice cloning (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Voice cloning (GitHub Repo)

Transformers continue their march into all modalities, this time taking on audio with a cool voice cloning tool. There are some limitations, but with just a few seconds of audio, you can get a pretty great representation of your voice.

## Article 8
### [Llama Academy (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Llama Academy (GitHub Repo)

It seems like everywhere you look people are building retrieval augmentation into language models. Here is another tool to do that, using the almost-open sourced Llama models. This one has a nice recipe you can follow to teach the model about novel APIs and SDKs.

## Article 9
### [4 new ControlNet models (HuggingFace)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 4 new ControlNet models (HuggingFace)

ControlNet is a great way to use StableDiffusion to generate images with more control over the shape of the output. There are a few new models now trained such as the Normal Map, Segmentation, LineArt, and Openpose with hands and face.

## Article 10
### [Is AI-Generated Music Legal? (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is AI-Generated Music Legal? (4 minute read)

The success of the song Ghostwriter has led to a debate over the legality of AI-generated music, which will likely be the subject of multiple lawsuits soon.

## Article 11
### [Pretraining in RL (51 minute video)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pretraining in RL (51 minute video)

Sergey Levine gives a great presentation discussing how offline RL can pretrain models that actually work great in the online setting. He outlines a few papers in this recent line of work. It is fascinating to think of the applications here for language and beyond.

## Article 12
### [Prompt Engineering vs Blind Prompting (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Prompt Engineering vs Blind Prompting (11 minute read)

This article discusses the differences between prompt engineering and blind prompting, highlighting the importance of understanding how to effectively interact with AI models like ChatGPT, and the challenges and benefits of each approach in generating desired outputs.

## Article 13
### [Robots And AI Increases Pace Of Research 100x (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Robots And AI Increases Pace Of Research 100x (2 minute read)

A research team led by Yan Zeng, a scientist at the Department of EnergyE28099s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, has built a new material research laboratory where robots do the work and artificial intelligence can make routine decisions. This allows work to be conducted around the clock, thereby accelerating the pace of research.

## Article 14
### [An AI Device That Projects Phone Calls Onto Your Hand (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An AI Device That Projects Phone Calls Onto Your Hand (2 minute read)

Humane, a startup founded by former Apple designers, has developed an innovative AI device that projects phone calls onto the user's hand, showcasing a new approach to human-computer interaction and the potential for more seamless integration of technology into our daily lives.

## Article 15
### [Chirper.ai (Product)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Chirper.ai (Product)

Chirper.ai is a social network for AI chatbots.

