# Articles TLDR AI 20-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Train a ChatGPT competitor for $85k and run it in your browser (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Train a ChatGPT competitor for $85k and run it in your browser (8 minute read)

## Article 2
### [Zapier launches Natural Language Actions (Product Launch)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Zapier launches Natural Language Actions (Product Launch)

Zapier launched a general purpose, AI-powered API called Natural Language Actions (NLA) to integrate Zapier actions into any app. NLA is optimized for natural language based products, like chatbots or products built with LLMs, but can be used by any developer. Put Zapier's 5K+ apps and 20K+ actions inside your product and use simple natural language to move info between apps.

## Article 3
### [Midjourney v5 is here! (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Midjourney v5 is here! (3 minute read)

Midjourney announced version 5 of its commercial AI image-synthesis service, which can produce photorealistic images at a quality level that some AI art fans are calling creepy and "too perfect." Midjourney v5 offers a wider stylistic range, more prompt sensitivity, less unwanted text, and a 2x enhancement in image resolution. Midjourney v5 is available now as an alpha test for customers who subscribe to the Midjourney service, which is available through Discord.

## Article 4
### [Comprehensive prompt engineering (22 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Comprehensive prompt engineering (22 minute read)

## Article 5
### [Residual connection in Transformers has a privileged basis (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Residual connection in Transformers has a privileged basis (18 minute read)

## Article 6
### [COLT5: Long-Input Transformer Model with Conditional Computation (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 COLT5: Long-Input Transformer Model with Conditional Computation (12 minute read)

The article presents COLT5, a new long-input Transformer model that uses conditional computation to allocate more resources to important tokens, achieving state-of-the-art results on the long-input SCROLLS benchmark with faster training and inference, and effective processing of extremely long inputs.

## Article 7
### [Alpaca Lora (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alpaca Lora (GitHub Repo)

Low Rank Adaptation is a method to fine-tune language models by updating only a small subset of the parameters. This repo contains code that assists in tuning the popular Llama models via instruction tuning on consumer hardware due to the reduced computational requirements of Lora.

## Article 8
### [ML Commands (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ML Commands (3 minute read)

A list of extremely useful commands for ML research from a HuggingFace research scientist. It includes things like distributed training, environment set up, and configuration tasks. A useful reference for any practitioner.

## Article 9
### [GlueGen: Efficiently Upgrading Text-to-Image Models with GlueNet (18 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GlueGen: Efficiently Upgrading Text-to-Image Models with GlueNet (18 minute read)

The article proposes GlueGen, a method that aligns features from different encoders with the latent space of an existing text-to-image (T2I) model using the GlueNet model and a new training objective. This allows for efficient integration of new functionality, such as multilingual language models and multi-modal encoders, into existing T2I models, enabling sound-to-image generation and upgrading the current text encoder for challenging case generation.

## Article 10
### [Khan Academy and OpenAI (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Khan Academy and OpenAI (4 minute read)

Khan Academy is a nonprofit that offers thousands of lessons in math, science and the humanities for students of all ages. Khan Academy announced that it will use GPT-4 to power Khanmigo, an AI-powered assistant that functions as both a virtual tutor for students and a classroom assistant for teachers. The nonprofit began testing the newest version of OpenAIE28099s language model in 2022 and will initially make the Khanmigo pilot program available to a limited number of participants, though the public is invited to join the waitlist.

## Article 11
### [Try out state of the art ASR system (HuggingFace Space)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Try out state of the art ASR system (HuggingFace Space)

Assembly AIE28099s newest Conformer ASR system is a powerful model for a variety of tasks such as transcription, summarization, sentiment analysis, and topic detection - all from raw audio. The model is only accessible via API.

## Article 12
### [Sam Altman is a bit scared of AI (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sam Altman is a bit scared of AI (1 minute read)

OpenAI CEO Sam Altman warns that AI can be used for widespread disinformation and cyber-attacks.

## Article 13
### [Voice Cloning AI LetE28099s You Speak Multiple Languages (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Voice Cloning AI LetE28099s You Speak Multiple Languages (3 minute read)

VALL-E X, a new AI model from Microsoft, can clone a voice from a short sample of 4-10 seconds and then use it to synthesize speech in a different language.

## Article 14
### [GM wants to bring ChatGPT-like assistant to drivers (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 GM wants to bring ChatGPT-like assistant to drivers (3 minute read)

A voice-activated interface for drivers has long been a goal of car companies and tech companies alike, but the idea has never reached its potential. General Motors has a head start on incorporating the new ChatGPT technology in its vehicles because of its two-year-old partnership with Microsoft on autonomous vehicles.

