# Articles TLDR AI 23-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Bunch is an AI coach for overcoming challenges at work (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bunch is an AI coach for overcoming challenges at work (Sponsor)

## Article 2
### [ChatGPT for robotics (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ChatGPT for robotics (17 minute read)

This work describes how you might tune a general conversational AI system with high level robotics APIs, custom prompt library, and human-in-the-loop feedback to improve the controllability of robotics systems. They show some interesting use cases and outline some future directions. Very reminiscent of the Say Can work from GoogleE28099s everyday robotics effort.

## Article 3
### [Machine Learning and Data Landscape - Matt Turck (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Machine Learning and Data Landscape - Matt Turck (8 minute read)

This 9th edition of the state of AI companies and growth gives great insight into the blistering pace of innovation. It is organized into four parts: Landscape (interactive), Financing, Data Infrastructure trends, ML/AI trends. The interactive landscape is a treat to go through to see various companies in different verticals.

## Article 4
### [Baidu Plans to Integrate Ernie Bot into Multiple Products (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Baidu Plans to Integrate Ernie Bot into Multiple Products (4 minute read)

Baidu announced plans to launch a new generation of its large language model Ernie Bot in March and fully integrate it across all of the company's products and services, including Baidu Search and Baidu AI Cloud. In an internal letter, Li, CEO, stated that AI technology has reached a tipping point, and Baidu is advancing at the forefront of this new wave. The addition of Ernie Bot's capabilities will lead to fundamental changes in product offerings and their respective markets, including integration into Apollo Smart Cabin and Xiaodu's smart devices and services. However, Li also emphasizes the company's dedication to doing the right thing to help realize the goal of AI and bring more freedom and possibilities to humanity as a whole.

## Article 5
### [3D object reconstruction from a single image (38 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 3D object reconstruction from a single image (38 minute read)

This work uses off the shelf diffusion models to generate a prompt and E2809Cdream upE2809D other 2D views for an object given a single image. They then fit a neural radiance field to generate a 3D representation of the object. This hierarchical chaining of models results in extremely compelling results. They also introduce some novel regularization for the final reconstruction step.

## Article 6
### [Animated AI (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Animated AI (2 minute read)

A cool collection of novel animations to help understand deep learning concepts like padding, stride, and normalization strategies! They are also permissively licensed if you want to use them for your teaching and presentations.

## Article 7
### [FlexGen: a high-throughput generation engine for running large language models with limited GPU memory (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FlexGen: a high-throughput generation engine for running large language models with limited GPU memory (8 minute read)

The high computational and memory requirements of large language model (LLM) inference traditionally make it feasible only with multiple high-end accelerators. FlexGen aims to lower the resource requirements of LLM inference down to a single commodity GPU (e.g., T4, 3090) and allow flexible deployment for various hardware setups. The key technique behind FlexGen is to trade off between latency and throughput by developing techniques to increase the effective batch size.

## Article 8
### [Prompt Engineering Guide (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Prompt Engineering Guide (15 minute read)

This GitHub repo contains a list of papers, tutorials, and other resources around prompt engineering. There are video lectures, important papers, datasets, and tools to get started and build your skills working with language models.

## Article 9
### [Human Preference Model (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Human Preference Model (1 minute read)

This model is trained to predict which response a human would find more helpful. It was trained from FlanT5 on a new Stanford Human Preference dataset. This can be useful for training your own RLHF model.

## Article 10
### [Introduction to Optimization Theory (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introduction to Optimization Theory (12 minute read)

This is a really nice introduction to a fundamental piece of modern AI. It goes through a lot of intuition and mathematics with nice explanations and excellent visualizations. Optimization theory is a must for working in ML and AI because all of these ideas underlie training of deep neural networks and large language models.

## Article 11
### [AI Companion Crisis (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Companion Crisis (6 minute read)

Replika, the E2809CAI companionE2809D, has undergone changes to its erotic roleplay features which has led to it sexually rejecting users, resulting in many people distraught and heartbroken.

## Article 12
### [The Future of Chatbots in Search by Andrew Ng (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Future of Chatbots in Search by Andrew Ng (7 minute read)

Microsoft and Google's attempts to integrate large language models (LLMs) into chatbots for search have faced criticism due to their tendency to make up facts and produce toxic output. However, this article remains optimistic about the future of chat-based search, emphasizing the potential of retrieval augmented generation to improve factual accuracy and the development of techniques to reduce toxic behaviors. The author believes that with continued research and innovation, chatbots will evolve to better meet user needs and expectations.

## Article 13
### [Scientists Use AI To Create New Enzymes (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Scientists Use AI To Create New Enzymes (2 minute read)

For the first time ever, scientists have used AI to create never-before-existing enzymes. Because of enzymes' critical importance in the body, this is a potentially huge medical breakthrough.

## Article 14
### [Spotify Launches AI-Powered Personal DJ (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Spotify Launches AI-Powered Personal DJ (1 minute read)

Spotify has released a new AI-powered DJ which will curate music specifically geared toward your tastes.

