# Articles TLDR AI 10-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Google CEO Sundar Pichai Says Search to Include Chat AI (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google CEO Sundar Pichai Says Search to Include Chat AI (3 minute read)

Google plans to add conversational artificial-intelligence features to its flagship search engine, Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said, as it deals with pressure from chatbots such as ChatGPT and wider business issues. Advances in AI would supercharge GoogleE28099s ability to answer an array of search queries, Mr. Pichai said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. He dismissed the notion that chatbots posed a threat to GoogleE28099s search business, which accounts for more than half of revenue at parent Alphabet Inc.

## Article 2
### [Segment - detect - in paint (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Segment - detect - in paint (GitHub Repo)

The new segment anything model is extremely proficient at segmenting objects in an image. Dino is a universal detection model and stable diffusion is an image generation model. If you combine the three of these you get an extremely powerful segmentation, detection, generation pipeline. Once you add the final piece of Blip in the mix you can generate captions for any portion of an image.

## Article 3
### [A recipe for training large language models (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A recipe for training large language models (8 minute read)

Most people using AI tools havenE28099t trained large (>1B parameters) models often. There are a lot of things that change as you scale the model up. This report has a nice collection of useful tips to keep in mind when you are trying to train a larger model. It covers things like initialization, experimentation strategies, and gives some example tools you might want to use.

## Article 4
### [ML papers of the week (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ML papers of the week (GitHub Repo)

Another great list of papers to refer to regularly. There is lots of hype circulating online at the moment and so it is good to get back to the source sometimes and understand the trends. There are many lists like this one, but it seems high quality and thoughtfully curated.

## Article 5
### [Full proof generation with proof repair (24 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Full proof generation with proof repair (24 minute read)

One common problem with generative language models is their propensity to hallucinate. Folks have pointed out that sometimes code these models generate is subtly wrong, but looks plausible. The act of verifying is sometimes more important than generating in this case. Verification is hard though, especially for code. This paper studies proof generation which can be checked by a formal system. There are lots of great insights in this work, my favorite is that when given error messages, the system can prove 1.5% more proofs.

## Article 6
### [Automatically generate langchain tools or chatGPT plugins (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Automatically generate langchain tools or chatGPT plugins (GitHub Repo)

This is a fun glimpse into the future where AI builds tools for itself. In this case, you can specify a high level description of what you want your plugin to do - and this tool will generate the code necessary to build a plugin that attempts your task.

## Article 7
### [llama.cpp Project Revolutionizes Meta's Language Model Access (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 llama.cpp Project Revolutionizes Meta's Language Model Access (5 minute read)

Georgi Gerganov's llama.cpp project optimizes LLaMA performance, boasting 100x faster load times and halved memory usage, enhancing the user experience on edge and personal computer devices.

## Article 8
### [Inst-Inpaint: Instructing to Remove Objects with Diffusion Models (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Inst-Inpaint: Instructing to Remove Objects with Diffusion Models (GitHub Repo)

Introducing Inst-Inpaint, a novel inpainting framework that seamlessly removes objects from images based on natural language input, eliminating the need for time-consuming binary masks. Using the GQA-Inpaint dataset, the framework outperforms GAN and diffusion-based baselines, demonstrating quantitative and qualitative improvements.

## Article 9
### [Pretraining gaussian processes (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pretraining gaussian processes (7 minute read)

A main pillar of machine learning is optimization. It can be used for all sorts of interesting problems, and bayesian optimization even allows it to work under uncertainty. There are some drawbacks, mainly around the need for experts to tune the models. This new work pretrains gaussian process models which are used for bayesian optimization on novel problems much more quickly.

## Article 10
### [In AI Race, Microsoft and Google Choose Speed Over Caution (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 In AI Race, Microsoft and Google Choose Speed Over Caution (6 minute read)

This article discusses the increasing adoption and competition between Google and Microsoft in the AI chatbot market, highlighting the advancements in natural language processing and the potential benefits and concerns surrounding their use in various applications.

## Article 11
### [Stability AI Is On Shaky Ground (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stability AI Is On Shaky Ground (4 minute read)

This article discusses the financial struggles faced by Stability AI, a once-promising AI startup, as it burns through cash reserves, highlighting the challenges and uncertainties that many AI companies encounter in the rapidly evolving technology landscape.

## Article 12
### [Python Optimal Transport update (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Python Optimal Transport update (4 minute read)

Optimal Transport theory is a field with a rich history that has fully embraced computation. One of the standard frameworks has received an upgrade which improves speed, adds examples, and increases general reliability. If you want to compare two distributions, this is likely a good place to start.

## Article 13
### [Save money by reducing your GPT-4 prompt (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Save money by reducing your GPT-4 prompt (1 minute read)

A really fun tool that lets you reduce the number of tokens you send to OpenAI by pseudo-compressing them into a bunch of emojis that GPT-4 seems to associate with the original prompt. It uses a custom prompt and asks GPT-4 to reversibly compress the string to E2809Cfit in a tweetE2809D, the outputs arenE28099t always exact and it doesnE28099t always work.

## Article 14
### [AI Shell (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Shell (GitHub Repo)

AI Shell is a CLI tool that converts natural language to shell commands.

