# Articles TLDR Web Dev 02-06-2023

TypeScript 5.1 has been released.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a98a1d04-0114-11ee-b8ea-1f99556cf1d5&pt=campaign&t=1685704358&s=ba2cfc6871e6972fe22ebc2c9823d51b4455cec88253b8d34c28bd514c4c5ae3]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-02

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

RATE LIMITING FUNDAMENTALS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/bytebytego/p/rate-limiting-fundamentals]

This article is an in-depth exploration of rate limiting. Rate
limiting restricts the number of times users or services can access a
resource such as an API or network. The piece delves into the uses,
benefits, and applications of rate limiting. It also examines its key
design considerations and popular algorithms, like Fixed Window
Counter and Sliding Window Log. The article explains the core concepts
involved in rate limiting implementations and describes the types of
rate limiting responses. 

SVG IMAGES FROM POSTGRES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.crunchydata.com/blog/svg-images-from-postgis]

This post presents a simple way to generate maps entirely within a
Postgres database without any external infrastructure. It uses SVG to
store and display image data. 

LEARN X86-64 ASSEMBLY BY WRITING A GUI FROM SCRATCH (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://gaultier.github.io/blog/x11_x64.html]

Most people think assembly is only to be used to write toy programs
for learning purposes or to write a highly optimized version of a
specific function inside a codebase written in a high-level language.
This tutorial goes through how to write a GUI from scratch in
Assembly. It covers the basics of Assembly, sockets, server
connections, graphical contexts, and more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

I THINK ZIG IS HARD...BUT WORTH IT (6 MINUTE READ)
[http://ratfactor.com/zig/hard]

Zig is a general-purpose programming language and toolchain for
maintaining robust, optimal and reusable software. This article goes
into the reasons Zig is challenging to learn: it‚Äôs new, it forces
you to make choices, it‚Äôs pedantic, and it has compile time
execution. However, the author believes that regardless of the
difficulty in the beginning, Zig is definitely worth using and
learning. 

THE WORK IS NEVER JUST ‚ÄúTHE WORK‚Äù (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://davestewart.co.uk/blog/the-work-is-never-just-the-work/]

As a developer, it‚Äôs hard to estimate how long a project will take.
This article is a deep dive on why projects always overrun. It
provides a framework to improve future estimation, backing it up with
a combination of anecdotal evidence and visualization. The key
takeaway is that even a detailed estimate of the work required for a
project can still miss significant ‚Äúinvisible‚Äù work. Some
strategies and thoughts are provided to help not miss estimating such
invisible work over time. 

AUTOMATE THE CEOS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hamiltonnolan.com/p/automate-the-ceos]

This article posits that artificial intelligence (AI) technology is
highly capable of replacing executive roles in companies, especially
considering its ability to learn from vast historical data. These
roles consist of measurable tasks such as capital allocation, creation
and execution of market strategy, and candidate selection more
effectively than humans. However, the likelihood of this happening is
low due to the power dynamics in businesses, with executives being the
decision-makers about automation, thus protecting their roles. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ANNOUNCING TYPESCRIPT 5.1 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-5-1/]

TypeScript 5.1 has been released. It has a host of new features, such
as snippet completions for @param JSDoc tags, easier implicit returns
for undefined-returning functions, namescaped JSX attributes, and
more. 

THREESTUDIO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/threestudio-project/threestudio]

Threestudio is a unified framework for 3D content creation from text
prompts, single images, and few-shot images, by lifting 2D
text-to-image generation models. 

WASP (WEBSITE) [https://wasp-lang.dev/]

Wasp is a Rails-like framework for React, Node.js, and Prisma. It
features full-stack type safety, a typesafe RPC layer, simple
deployment, full-stack authentication, email sending, jobs, and custom
API routes. Several examples of apps created using Wasp are available.


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS: A COMPLETE GUIDE (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://heartbeat.comet.ml/large-language-models-a-complete-guide-f818397c82d4?gi=d6f7d200df35]

This is a comprehensive guide to training, optimizing, and unlocking
the power of natural language processors. It explains the process of
training LLMs, including data preparation, model architecture design,
model training, evaluation, deployment, and monitoring in a production
environment. It also dives into strategies to improve the accuracy,
generalization ability, and performance of LLMs. It‚Äôs a great guide
for anyone interested in learning the current state-of-art techniques
for using LLMs effectively. 

FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM TO BLOCK NEWS STORIES IN CALIFORNIA IF BILL PASSES
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/2023/05/31/1179184256/news-facebook-california-journalism-preservation-act]

Facebook and Instagram will block all news articles in California if
state lawmakers pass a bill meant to funnel money from the tech
platforms to media organizations, a Meta spokesman said in response to
the bill. The proposed California Journalism Preservation Act would
essentially tax the advertising profits platforms make from
distributing news articles. Under the measure, some 70% of the money
collected from the so-called "usage fee" would support newsrooms
throughout the state. 

HOW MUCH ARE GITHUB STARS WORTH TO YOU? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://the-guild.dev/blog/judging-open-source-by-github-stars]

GitHub stars are a common way of judging the maturity, reputation, and
popularity of an open-source project. However, the number of stars a
project has isn‚Äôt necessarily correlated with the actual value of
the project. This article dives deep into the market of buying GitHub
stars for projects and how to use other value radars to judge the
quality of a project. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OPENAI EMPLOYEE: GPT-4 HASN'T GOTTEN WORSE SINCE MARCH (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36155267]

An OpenAI employee on Twitter responds to claims on Twitter that the
quality of GPT-4 has been getting worse over time. He says that the
GPT-4 model through OpenAI‚Äôs API has not changed since its release. 

TEDDIT (CODEBERG REPO) [https://codeberg.org/teddit/teddit]

Teddit is a free and open source alternative Reddit front-end focused
on privacy. It has no JavaScript, no ads, no IP tracking, no
fingerprint tracking, and is self-hostable. 

MORE MALICIOUS EXTENSIONS IN CHROME WEB STORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://palant.info/2023/05/31/more-malicious-extensions-in-chrome-web-store/]

Someone has found 34 malicious extensions on the Chrome Web Store with
a total of 87 million users. However, the same day this article was
published, Google started removing the malicious extensions from the
store. 

THE META QUEST 3 IS A $499 MIXED REALITY HEADSET WITH FULL-COLOR
PASSTHROUGH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/the-meta-quest-3-is-a-499-mixed-reality-headset-with-full-color-passthrough-141204527.html]

Mark Zuckerberg has revealed the Meta Quest 3, which supports mixed
reality and full-color passthrough. This enables users to see a color
version of the physical space around them via the external cameras.
The headset will be able to blend augmented reality elements into the
outside world. Zuckerberg says it's "the first mainstream headset with
high-res color mixed reality." 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a98a1d04-0114-11ee-b8ea-1f99556cf1d5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685703631&t=1685704358&s=5ca8c0c89977533b1cb607fd3ff292c3ea69ee18944ebdd7f12d45ace7035afb].