# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-10-2023

Next.js 14 has been released.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b3c4213c-74b1-11ee-9922-c780a9a69557&pt=campaign&t=1698404621&s=79361f856dd3b59e2a13bc0d665d1048c48cca81d3bf751a8744248e93672bb2]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Graphite]
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Graphite.gti-vscode]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-27

 GRAPHITE: SUBMIT DEPENDENT PRS WITHOUT WAITING ON CODE
REVIEW.(SPONSOR)
[https://graphite.dev?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR2]


 Leave `git` in the dust.

	* Build your next complex feature as a series of atomic changes
	* Get them reviewed independently
	* Merge them all with one click

Don‚Äôt worry about obscure commands or recursive rebasing
‚Äî¬†Graphite
[https://graphite.dev/docs/install-the-cli?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR2]¬†simplifies¬†`git`¬†into
a clean, interactive interface.

Graphite is fully compatible with GitHub and your existing repos.

Run `brew install withgraphite/tap/graphite` to get started today for
free.

Also check out our¬†VSCode extension
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Graphite.gti-vscode].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 A JOURNEY INTO SHADERS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mayerowitz.io/blog/a-journey-into-shaders?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Shaders are small programs running on GPUs that take pixel
coordinates as input and produce color as output. This article
discusses the concept of using Signed Distance Functions (SDFs) to
represent shapes in shaders and explains how to create shapes using
SDFs. The article also demonstrates how to combine shapes using
boolean operations and introduces the concept of smooth minimum for
blending shapes smoothly. It explains how to add interactivity to
shaders, allowing users to control the position of a ball within a
blob using their mouse. 

 OPTIMIZING PERFORMANCE: HOW OUR EXTENSION BECAME LIGHTNING FAST (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://cascaspace.substack.com/p/optimizing-performance-how-our-extension?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This is a case study covering performance improvement tactics for
Chrome extensions that can be extended to web performance. It covers
how to avoid re-renders, speed up server requests, and improve an
extension by dealing with fetching large images better. It also gives
some performance improvement tips for extension developers, such as
keeping an eye on memory usage. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 THE #1 TRAIT OF THE MOST VALUABLE ENGINEERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/the-1-trait-of-the-most-valuable?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The most valuable engineers aren‚Äôt only technically sharp but also
have full product skills. Being product-minded and prioritizing user
needs first is a valuable trait for engineers. This approach involves
direct customer interaction, fast feedback loops, and user-focused
metrics. However, some engineers may prefer a more tech-oriented
focus, which can be done by working on distributed systems and
infrastructure. 

 WEB COMPONENTS WILL OUTLIVE YOUR JAVASCRIPT FRAMEWORK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakelazaroff.com/words/web-components-will-outlive-your-javascript-framework/]


 It can be hard to pick a framework out of the many options when
starting a project in the JavaScript world. Even though frameworks can
get you up and running fast, they can cost more in the long term. The
last 20 years has seen the rise and fall of jQuery, the creation of
Node.js, and more. Even though the web ecosystem is constantly
changing, the building blocks of web systems have remained remarkably
stable. We need to avoid dependencies that we don‚Äôt control and
stick to standards that we know won‚Äôt break if we want our work to
be accessible in the future. 

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 ENTERPRISE-GRADE API MOCKING - FOR FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]


 When your code has a lot of API dependencies,¬†flexible and reliable
API mocking
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]¬†becomes
crucial. Companies like Ingenico, IBM, and BiltCard use¬†WireMock
Cloud
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]¬†to
simulate real-world API scenarios (including edge cases and faults),
test and deploy new code, and seamlessly move to production when the
API is ready.
Start mocking for free with just your GitHub account or email
[https://t.sidekickopen07.com/Ctc/GH+23284/d2SwT604/JkM3crJ5W6N1vHY6lZ3q2W7J5yP22dV7-pW8_Fv4X5tb4N4W5mYhQG7nkt4qW18rPB18vWJ1WW29mxF771QkRzW6k32321XZGMnMK7JvzRK3RBW22xLZv3Zbb3GW1q-1ZB5fYKTdW5Ct5Ww99qZrBW4Kq-v07vFjTdW72bnlL176mVhW7s74_y2NMHQ8W3c2Dms46dbBhW646m-F3Xgl3dW4Zhv_y77j9ZkW87_zVH1HsBNzW9h83yD5w2nG_W4pdHYP2mZ9frW1ncc0448D54GW8Z53yq1g_h3BW3ry6v72bBcHwf2sMVq004]

 NEXT.JS 14 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://nextjs.org/blog/next-14?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Next.js 14 has been released. It comes with a much faster local
server startup and faster code updates during Fast Refresh. Server
actions are now considered stable. There's a free course teaching the
App Router, databases, authentication, and more. 

 SVELTE BY EXAMPLE (WEBSITE)
[https://sveltebyexample.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Svelte by Example provides multiple examples for those writing Svelte
apps. It has examples for styling, events, reactive statements,
stores, and more. 

 404 ILLUSTRATIONS ‚Äì TRENDY 404 IMAGES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.kapwing.com/404-illustrations?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 A website of illustrations and images someone can use for their 404
pages. 

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOPPING INSTEAD OF HUSTLING: SURVEY TELLS US HOW DEVELOPERS ARE
TAKING CARE OF BUSINESS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/10/26/hopping-instead-of-hustling-survey-tells-us-how-developers-are-taking-care-of-business/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The latest survey on developer employment indicates that more
developers are actively seeking new job opportunities or are at least
open to them, with 79% considering new positions. However, the
importance of learning opportunities seems to be decreasing, possibly
due to the rise of AI tools that enhance productivity. Flexibility
remains a top priority for developers, even more so for those under 44
years old. 

 WHY CLOUD BANDWIDTH IS SO OBSCENELY EXPENSIVE AND WHAT YOU CAN DO
ABOUT THAT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kerkour.com/why-cloud-bandwidth-is-so-expensive?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Traditional cloud providers often charge high prices for egress
(bandwidth from their network to the internet). This pricing model is
due to vendor lock-in and the complexity of scaling network
infrastructure. The article touches on the concept of "Denial of
Wallet" attacks, where attackers can exploit high egress costs to
bankrupt competitors. To mitigate bandwidth expenses, use cloud
providers with free or cheap bandwidth, implement efficient caching
strategies, and explore options for discounted or free data transfer
between networks. 

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

 IT'S 2023, HERE IS WHY YOUR WEB DESIGN SUCKS. (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://heather-buchel.com/blog/2023/10/why-your-web-design-sucks/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Web design has gotten worse over time because the role of the web
designer has slowly been phased out. 

 USING CHATGPT FOR SMART TRUNCATION IN RESPONSIVE WEB DESIGN (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thecleverest.com/using-chatgpt-for-smart-truncation-in-responsive-web-design/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 An interesting way of using ChatGPT for responsive web design,
specifically on the problem of shortening long paragraphs when the
screen is smaller. 

 KNOWLEDGE CUTOFF: APRIL 2023 (WEBSITE)
[https://chat.openai.com/share/3b088460-86f8-4fa6-afd1-802b7f9a5e9f] 

 OpenAI‚Äôs knowledge cutoff date has been updated to April 2023. 

 THE NEGATIVE IMPACT OF MOBILE-FIRST WEB DESIGN ON DESKTOP (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/content-dispersion/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Mobile-first web designs can cause usability issues when viewed on a
computer. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b3c4213c-74b1-11ee-9922-c780a9a69557&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698404417&t=1698404621&s=e5dd60fd9112565200c41b893c714398899cfbf3f09dfff8b4a7d0bf3337653a].