# Articles TLDR Web Dev 08-09-2023

Shopify published a blog post to explain the three biggest performance
problems on their sites that impact Core Web Vitals metrics  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=5fd721d4-4e26-11ee-aaed-6d103ef1f03b&pt=campaign&t=1694171036&s=e91b939fde9f5f4e94437d4ef775f2be4908c71cd3ea07c438a1eaae5bd16e23]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Sentry]
[https://sentry.io/resources/frontend-performance-monitoring-101/?utm_campaign=perf-fy24q3-101workshop&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_content=newsletter-performance101workshop-register&utm_source=tldr]

 TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-08

LIVE TUTORIAL: FRONTEND PERFORMANCE MONITORING 101 WITH SENTRY
(SPONSOR)
[https://sentry.io/resources/frontend-performance-monitoring-101/?utm_campaign=perf-fy24q3-101workshop&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_content=newsletter-performance101workshop-register&utm_source=tldr]

Are your users facing embarrassingly slow page loads and rendering?
😥
Let’s put a stop to that. Learn the basics of frontend application
performance monitoring with Sentry
[https://sentry.io/resources/frontend-performance-monitoring-101/?utm_campaign=perf-fy24q3-101workshop&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_content=newsletter-performance101workshop-register&utm_source=tldr]
in this upcoming livestream
[https://sentry.io/resources/frontend-performance-monitoring-101/?utm_campaign=perf-fy24q3-101workshop&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_content=newsletter-performance101workshop-register&utm_source=tldr].

IN <30 MIN, you'll be able to install & configure performance
monitoring, interpret key metrics, and troubleshoot a performance
issue. With visibility into end-user experience, you can build a
blazing-fast app in record time 🔥

WHEN IT'S HAPPENING: Wednesday, September 20th, 2023 at 10am Pacific
Time, 6pm BST

Sign up early to have your questions answered in the live Q&A!
[https://sentry.io/resources/frontend-performance-monitoring-101/?utm_campaign=perf-fy24q3-101workshop&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_content=newsletter-performance101workshop-register&utm_source=tldr]

🧑‍💻 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW LAYOUT POSITION IMPACTS THREE BIG WEB PERFORMANCE LEVERS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://performance.shopify.com/blogs/blog/how-layout-position-impacts-three-big-web-performance-levers?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Shopify published a blog post to explain the three biggest performance
problems on their sites that impact Core Web Vitals metrics. The three
issues are lazy loading of images visible on the first visit,
asynchronous loading of CSS of elements visible upon the first visit,
and not prioritizing the fetch of the largest image, affecting Largest
Contentful Paint (LCP) load times. LCP is a factor in Core Web Vitals
metrics, and this can affect how a website ranks on search engines
like Google. This blog post explains how Shopify is combating these
problems, providing code examples along the way. 

A WIDE VIEW OF AUTOMATED TESTING IN REACT APPS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://reacthandbook.dev/automated-testing?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Automated testing helps both the development and product teams. Both
teams benefit from the efficiency, consistency, and quality assurance
that testing provides. There are three types of testing: unit tests,
integration tests, and end-to-end tests. This article dives into how
to implement each type of test in a React app. Furthermore, it covers
what to test, such as visual elements, component behavior, global
utils, custom hooks, and more. 

🧠 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE ENGINEER’S GUIDE TO CAREER GROWTH — ADVICE FROM MY TIME AT
STRIPE AND FACEBOOK (33 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/the-engineers-guide-to-career-growth-advice-from-my-time-at-stripe-and-facebook?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Raylene Yung became an engineering manager at Facebook in 2011. She
then moved to Stripe and watched it grow from 200 to over 1,500
employees over the next four years. Yung built Stripe’s product
management team, defined career growth and recruiting frameworks, ran
the core Payments business, and spun up the company’s global
engineering hub in Singapore. This article features an interview with
Yung where she discusses career growth for engineers. In the
interview, Yung shares career lessons and covers roadblocks that can
appear at every stage of an engineering career. She also provides
guiding questions to help readers make the right decisions. 

EVERY SOFTWARE PROJECT IS A STARTUP THAT WILL PROBABLY FAIL (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://muldoon.cloud/2023/09/06/software-keeps-failing.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Most software systems will eventually fail. It’s non-trivial to
maintain software, especially as it grows in both code size and user
base. As a result, there are some guidelines to help software systems
scale, such as documenting domain knowledge as much as possible,
having an organizational focus on maintenance, and thoroughly
estimating the expected value of a new initiative. 

🚀 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

REACT CURRENCY INPUT FIELD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cchanxzy/react-currency-input-field?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a React component for a currency input field that can handle
many edge cases. It allows abbreviations, has prefix and suffix
operations, and automatically inserts group separators. 

LOTUSDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lotusdblabs/lotusdb?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

LotusDB is an advanced key-value store written in Go. It is extremely
fast and compatible with LSM and B+ trees. LotusDB combines the
advantages of LSM and B+ trees to allow fast read/write performance
while also beating those respective data structures at space usage. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

BUILDING META’S THREADS APP (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/building-metas-threads-app?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Threads had more than 100M installs in its first 5 days - the highest
number of installs in history. How did the engineering team build the
app to handle an unexpectedly intense launch? What challenges and
technical decisions did they make? How were they able to build an app
people liked in such tight deadlines? This article answers these
questions through an interview with the server engineering lead and
engineering manager of Threads. 

THE POINT OF LANGCHAIN (50 MINUTES)
[https://www.latent.space/p/langchain?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a summary of LangChain’s origins, scope of work, and use
cases. It goes into detail on how LangChain was able to adapt to the
quickly changing foundational AI models, such as when OpenAI
deprecated completion models, which made a big part of LangChain
obsolete. It also gives a comprehensive overview of how LangChain can
be used, including recent launches like LangSmith. The rest of the
article is a transcript of a talk with LangChain founder, Harrison
Chase. 

FULL-STACK DEEP TECH STARTUPS & AI VALUE CAPTURE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mhdempsey.substack.com/p/full-stack-deep-tech-startups-and?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is an investor’s take on building full-stack companies to
capture value in AI. It considers some of the polarizing views on AI
and startup value capture, for example, AI investing will not be
useful as startups are destroyed by every new iteration of more
powerful models, and AI will be similar to mobile in that it will
eventually create startups that capture value. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE UNDERLYING MECHANISMS OF REACT’S CONCURRENT MODE (17 MINUTE
READ)
[https://andreigatej.dev/blog/the-underlying-mechanisms-of-reacts-concurrent-mode/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article explains how concurrent mode in React works using
React’s useTransition hook. It also walks through the author's
reasoning process whenever they’re trying to figure out how
something works. 

HOW NASA WRITES SPACE-PROOF CODE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kottke.org/23/06/how-nasa-writes-space-proof-code?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

NASA writes space-proof code by focusing on testability, readability,
and predictability. 

25 FACTS ABOUT GOOGLE FOR ITS 25TH BIRTHDAY (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/maximilian-vom-eyser-9b3866123_lifeatgoogle-onlinemarketing-google-activity-7105090745908224000-4pFc?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

25 interesting facts about Google, such as the fact that Jeff Bezos
was one of its earliest investors. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=5fd721d4-4e26-11ee-aaed-6d103ef1f03b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694170819&t=1694171036&s=fd476ccdbcf3d43baa828c0c8955c73266482794c3342a67d687cc06e52d7f8b].