# Articles TLDR Web Dev 29-09-2023

Upgrading npm dependencies can sometimes lead to subtle UI side
effects¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=29a225d2-5e98-11ee-ac8d-897856abd5a8&pt=campaign&t=1695985452&s=7329c879d2ef125ed693740c2fab38d7e57f0a4e3434814930a260de4c2242cb]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-29

SEND API REQUESTS DIRECTLY FROM VS CODE WITH A NEW EXTENSION FROM
POSTMAN (SPONSOR)
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]


The Postman VS Code extension
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]
is out of early access and available on Free, Basic, and Professional
Postman plans. This extension allows you to develop and test your APIs
in Postman directly from Visual Studio Code: 

 	* Create and send HTTP, raw WebSocket, and gRPC requests.
 	* Import data with cURL commands.
 	* Edit and send requests from a workspace's request history.
 	* Create cookies and send them with requests.
 	* Create and manage collections and environments.

‚û°Ô∏è¬†To get started, install the Postman VS Code extension from the
Visual Studio Marketplace
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WEBGPU TECHNICAL REPORT (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/main/docs/security/research/graphics/webgpu_technical_report.md?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This document, compiled by the Chromium team at Google, dives into
WebGPU‚Äôs internals and security flaws. The team provides detailed
diagrams and code examples to show how WebGPU introduces a much larger
attack surface to Chrome‚Äôs GPU process. Identifying these
vulnerabilities is the first step in getting WebGPU to a state where
it can be used safely throughout the web. 

UPGRADING FRONTEND DEPENDENCIES WITH CONFIDENCE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://docusaurus.io/blog/upgrading-frontend-dependencies-with-confidence-using-visual-regression-testing?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Upgrading npm dependencies can sometimes lead to subtle UI side
effects, especially on big upgrades to React 18 or MDX 2. It is very
hard to catch all of them manually, which is why you should try visual
regression testing workflows. This article explains how Docsauraus
upgrades its dependencies without regression using a testing workflow
based on GitHub Actions, Playwright, and Argos. 

HOW TO BUILD A SAAS PRODUCT WITH NEXT.JS APP ROUTER, CLERK, AWS
DYNAMODB, AND STRIPE (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://conermurphy.com/blog/building-saas-product-nextjs-app-router-clerk-aws-dynamodb-stripe?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Building a SaaS product has many benefits. You can develop your
business skills, learn new development skills, and you can potentially
make income from it. Learn how to build a complete SaaS product from
start to finish using Next.js App Router, AWS DynamoDB, Clerk, and
Stripe! 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO MAXIMIZE IMPACT TO GET PROMOTED FASTER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-to-maximize-impact-to-get-promoted?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Impact means positively affecting a team, product, or the business as
a whole. For promotion, tech companies require engineers to show the
impact they made through their contributions. This article presents
three actionable strategies for impact, such as having a narrative in
mind, chasing growth at all costs, picking the right problem, and
being vocal about wins. 

IS DATA STILL A MOAT? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/is-data-still-a-moat?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

‚ÄúData is the new oil‚Äù was a common slogan of the last decade, but
this might not hold true anymore with the advent of generative AI. On
one hand, quality data still matters as LLMs can be greatly influenced
by training data quality. On the other hand, fine tuning models only
requires ~100 data points, which can be easily curated. LLMs can also
now generate great synthetic data, which lowers the usefulness of
‚Äúreal‚Äù data. 

WORKING AT A STARTUP VS IN BIG TECH (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/working-at-a-startup-vs-in-big-tech?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Working at a startup can be wildly different from working at a big
tech company. This article explores one engineer's varied experience
at both and breaks down the benefits and drawbacks of startup life and
working in Big Tech. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

SUGAR HIGH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/huozhi/sugar-high?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Super lightweight JSX syntax highlighter at 1KB after being minified
and gzipped. 

HTML2PDF.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/eKoopmans/html2pdf.js?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

html2pdf.js converts any webpage or element into a printable PDF
entirely client-side using html2canvas and jsPDF. 

GDEVELOP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/4ian/GDevelop?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

GDevelop is a full-featured, no-code, open-source game development
software. You can build games for mobile, desktop, and the web.
GDevelop is fast and easy to use. The game logic is built up using an
intuitive and powerful event-based system. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT CODEGEN IS (ACTUALLY) GOOD FOR (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/what-codegen-is-actually-good-for/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


AI-based code generation tools are becoming increasingly popular among
developers. Code generation is the most effective when tailored to
specific team, company, and workflow needs. It might not replace the
need for hands-on coding, particularly in teams with unique patterns
and requirements. Code generation enhances human capabilities, helping
developers work more efficiently and facilitating design-to-code
handoffs. 

THE DESIGN SYSTEM ECOSYSTEM (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/the-design-system-ecosystem/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


What does a mature, end-to-end design system look like in a big,
complex organization? What are all the moving pieces and how do they
hang together as a well-considered architecture? This post attempts to
answer these questions by taking a ‚Äòlayer-cake approach‚Äô to
creating robust, mature design systems. 

DEATH BY A THOUSAND MICROSERVICES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://renegadeotter.com/2023/09/10/death-by-a-thousand-microservices.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The microservices architecture has over-complicated software
development in many ways. This article examines what led up to this
current state and how we can avoid unnecessary complexity. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DICTIONARY OF ALGORITHMS AND DATA STRUCTURES (WEBSITE)
[https://xlinux.nist.gov/dads/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

This is a dictionary of algorithms, algorithmic techniques, data
structures, archetypal problems, and related definitions. 

ASK HN: HAVE YOU BEEN AFFECTED BY LAYOFFS? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37658410] 

A Hacker News commenter asks readers about layoffs. Commenters share
their experiences and opinions. 

THE INTERNALS OF DENO (WEBSITE)
[https://choubey.gitbook.io/internals-of-deno/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

An online book covering the internals of Deno, a fast run-time for
JavaScript. 

HOW ASYNC/AWAIT WORKS INTERNALLY IN SWIFT (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://swiftrocks.com/how-async-await-works-internally-in-swift?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A detailed deep dive into how async/await works in Swift. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=29a225d2-5e98-11ee-ac8d-897856abd5a8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695985218&t=1695985452&s=c2b396e208da1753977132d61ee2cfadbcf444ec274d954a05f49daa3be5a4df].