# Articles TLDR Web Dev 11-08-2023

Quora has over 300 million monthly active users with tens of thousands
of questions posted per day.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2b0f9156-381f-11ee-b660-edfd51e81412&pt=campaign&t=1691751849&s=7a17d3fd29aced3ececf28f95bfb2d037260cdb89795bbbfe5eecb50175acd7d]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-11

üßë‚Äçüíª

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW QUORA SCALED MYSQL TO 100K+ QUERIES PER SECOND (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/quora-scaled-mysql-100k-queries-per-second?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Quora has over 300 million monthly active users with tens of thousands
of questions posted per day. To serve this traffic, it makes heavy use
of MySQL. Quora has a sharded configuration that stores tens of
terabytes and can scale to serve hundreds of thousands of queries per
second. This article goes over how Quora handles such a heavy database
load using MySQL with a focus on scaling read volume, write volume,
and data size.

SHOPPING FOR SPEED ON EBAY.COM (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@addyosmani/shopping-for-speed-on-ebay-com-6229711d7573?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article discusses the efforts made by eBay to enhance the
performance of its sites and apps for a faster user experience. Every
100-millisecond improvement in eBay‚Äôs search page loading time leads
to a 0.5% increase in "Add to Cart" counts. The article delves into
various optimization techniques employed by eBay, such as reducing
payload across text resources, image optimizations, predictive
prefetching of static assets, and edge caching strategies.

üß†

OPINIONS & ADVICE

I REVIEWED 1,000S OF GRAPHQL VS. REST PERSPECTIVES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://konfigthis.com/blog/graphql-vs-rest?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article breaks down conclusions from thousands of discussions
debating GraphQL vs REST. It‚Äôs good to start with REST as it‚Äôs
simpler than GraphQL. Then, as a product scales, it might be worth it
to switch to using GraphQL for optimization purposes.

MOVING FASTER (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scattered-thoughts.net/writing/moving-faster/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Coding speed and efficiency is something many developers don‚Äôt spend
much time optimizing, but it‚Äôs an important trait to produce more
quality work and get promoted faster in one's career. This blog post
breaks down tips on how to code faster, such as avoiding multitasking,
making decisions based on goals, and batching tasks together.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

PROJECT IDX (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://developers.googleblog.com/2023/08/introducing-project-idx-experiment-to-improve-full-stack-multiplatform-app-development.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google has announced Project IDX, a browser-based development
experience built on Google Cloud and powered by Codey, a foundational
AI model trained on code and built on PaLM 2. Project IDX is designed
to make it easier to build, manage, and deploy full-stack web and
multiplatform applications with popular frameworks and languages.
There is currently a waitlist to try Project IDX.

TYPOGRAMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/google/typograms?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google has released Typograms, a lightweight image format useful for
defining simple diagrams in technical documentation. Like Markdown,
Typograms is heavily inspired by pre-existing conventions found in
ASCII diagrams. Typograms uses a small set of primitives and rules to
connect them to build larger diagrams.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO REPOSITION A FAILING PRODUCT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/how-to-reposition-a-failing-product/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This blog provides steps and strategies for repositioning a product
that isn't meeting its intended goals. It emphasizes the importance of
understanding the root cause of a product's failure before making
drastic changes. The article outlines various tactics for
repositioning, such as targeting a different persona or addressing a
different use case, and underscores the significance of customer
feedback in guiding the repositioning process.

ARE REPORTS OF STACK OVERFLOW‚ÄôS FALL GREATLY EXAGGERATED? (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/are-reports-of-stackoverflows-fall?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Traffic is down at Stack Overflow, but Stack Overflow claims that the
drop is not as big as recent reports say it is. Search engine traffic
and Q&A activity is down, presumably due to coding assistants like
GPT-4.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

ASK HN: PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR OPINION ON THE STATE OF REACT NATIVE IN
2023 (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37033363&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A commenter asks about the state of React Native in 2023. The replies
delve into the best way to develop with React Native today and
compares alternatives like Flutter and Swift.

QUAKE II RERELEASE GAME SOURCE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/id-Software/quake2-rerelease-dll?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

id Software has re-released the source code to Quake 2 on GitHub.

SLACK‚ÄôS BIGGEST REDESIGN EVER TRIES TO TAME THE CHAOS OF YOUR
WORKDAY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/9/23824562/slack-redesign-app-dms-activity-later?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Slack is about to roll out its biggest-ever redesign, changing both
the look and the layout of the app to hopefully make things easier to
find and easier to manage.

DOCUMENT DRIVEN MEETINGS AT AMAZON (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://justingarrison.com/blog/2023-07-31-document-driven-meetings-at-amazon/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Documents are the core of Amazon meetings. While documents can take
time to produce, they increase meeting quality.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2b0f9156-381f-11ee-b660-edfd51e81412&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691751618&t=1691751849&s=0c3407b4944039791dd929127f4b2f37caf0de83f5fb2404d13f618eda7c2a5c].