# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-06-2023

It can be difficult to decide what frontend framework to invest in.
After all, decisions like this have big implications for teams¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f48b0aa8-14c3-11ee-b412-c1ebb9c94e09&pt=campaign&t=1687863839&s=f9e4d6ebd671bcd81fb8e43e638c50d5a5e7e32122447b075e1f449a62d17d1b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FusionAuth]
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-27

THE MODERN GUIDE TO OAUTH (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth]

There are many OAuth guides out to there, but most of them leave you
more confused than you were when you started.
This guide
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth]
is different because it covers all of the ways that we actually use
OAuth.
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth]
It‚Äôs based on hundreds of conversations and client implementations
as well as our experience building FusionAuth
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth],
an OAuth server which has been downloaded over a million times.

You‚Äôll get all the details you need to be an OAuth expert without
reading endless specifications or writing your own OAuth server. And
it‚Äôs incredibly comprehensive
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth],
with plenty of hands-on examples and code snippets that you can start
using instantly.

If that sounds good to you, start reading!
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=modern-guide-to-oauth]
No signup required.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHY VUE IS A GREAT FIT FOR MODULAR SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.netlify.com/blog/why-vue-is-a-great-fit-for-modular-software-architecture/]

It can be difficult to decide what frontend framework to invest in.
After all, decisions like this have big implications for teams that
will likely be working with a certain technology for years to come.
This article talks about why Vue should be one of your top contenders
when choosing a frontend framework to invest in for the long haul. 

BUILDING LLM APPLICATIONS FOR PRODUCTION (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://huyenchip.com/2023/04/11/llm-engineering.html]

It‚Äôs easy to make a cool app with LLM, but making it
production-ready is hard. This article discusses the key challenges
and solutions around productionizing LLM apps, particularly on prompt
ambiguity, inference cost, and latency. It also looks at how to
compile multiple tasks with control flows (think agents and tools) and
presents some promising use cases from companies building on top of
LLMs. 

AN INTRODUCTION TO DEBUGGING IN NODE.JS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.openreplay.com/an-introduction-to-debugging-in-nodejs/]

Node.js has become increasingly popular for creating server-side web
applications, build tools, command-line apps, and more. However, it
can be hard to work through code errors after you write code and run
it. This article will give you a thorough look at how to successfully
debug your Node.js code. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE BEST (AND EASIEST) WAY TO BUILD A CAREER ALIGNED WITH YOUR
STRENGTHS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/amyblaschka/2023/06/21/the-best-and-easiest-way-to-build-a-career-aligned-with-your-strengths/amp/]

Forcing yourself into a role or environment that falls outside your
natural strengths will lead to you working twice as hard to make
progress - while being miserable along the way. This article offers
the best (and easiest) way to build a career aligned with your
strengths. 

WHY MEETING CULTURE IS DRAINING YOUR EMPLOYEE‚ÄôS STRENGTH AND
PRODUCTIVITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.entrepreneur.com/leadership/how-meeting-culture-is-sapping-your-employees-strength/453485]

While it's hard enough to break out of habits, it's even harder to
break free from a company culture that has bought into the meeting
vortex fallacy. This article takes a look at why allowing your company
culture to give your teams' brains time to digest after each meeting
is crucial. It also dives into how to take back control and give your
teams time to process information after meetings. 

HOW TO GIVE CODE REVIEW AS A JUNIOR DEVELOPER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://scastiel.dev/code-review-junior-developer]

As a junior developer, code reviews offer a valuable learning
opportunity and a chance to contribute to the team‚Äôs success. This
post explains how you can provide effective code review feedback as a
junior developer. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

FOSSFOX (WEBSITE) [https://fossfox.com/]

Market and opportunity explorer for open-source software engineers. 

PRIMEREACT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/primefaces/primereact]

PrimeReact provides over 90 React UI Components with top-notch quality
to help you implement all your UI requirements in style. 

STARRY-NIGHT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/wooorm/starry-night]

Starry-night is a syntax highlighter. It is an open source version of
GitHub‚Äôs closed-source PrettyLights project. Starry-night supports
580+ grammars and it is of extremely high quality. It uses TextMate
grammars, which are also used in popular editors like SublimeText,
Atom, and VS Code. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AIRBNB CEO‚ÄôS FIRESIDE CHAT AT FIGMA CONFIG (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/maxwendkos/status/1672304478853160960?s=20]

A tweet thread of Brian Chesky‚Äôs recent thoughts at Figma‚Äôs Annual
Conference on how design plays a central role to Airbnb and Apple‚Äôs
products, how to support designers, and Airbnb‚Äôs approach to
roadmapping, release cycles, and A/B testing. 

OPENAI PPUS: HOW OPENAI'S UNIQUE EQUITY COMPENSATION WORKS (10 MINUTE
READ) [https://www.levels.fyi/blog/openai-compensation.html]

OpenAI's capped profit model means that the company will be able to
generate more value than it would owe investors. Its employees receive
a base salary and equity in Profit Participation Units (PPUs). This
article explains how OpenAI's PPUs work, how OpenAI distributes them,
and other benefits that OpenAI offers to employees. A link to a
compensation benchmarking tool for employers is available near the end
of the article. 

THE HARDEST THING ABOUT BUILDING SOFTWARE IS NOT CODING, IT‚ÄôS
REQUIREMENTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/06/26/the-hardest-part-of-building-software-is-not-coding-its-requirements/]

With all the articles about just how amazing all the developments in
AI have been, many software developers fear they‚Äôll be replaced by
artificial intelligence. The hardest part about creating software is
not writing code - it‚Äôs creating the requirements, and those
software requirements are still defined by humans. This article talks
about the relationship between requirements and software, as well as
what AI needs to produce good results. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHATHN (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/steven-tey/chathn]

ChatHN is an open-source AI chatbot that uses OpenAI Functions and the
Vercel AI SDK to interact with the Hacker News API using natural
language. 

HOW TO WRITE BETTER CODE WITH CHATGPT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://bdtechtalks.com/2023/06/26/chatgpt-coding-tips/]

Rules to follow to write reliable code when you use ChatGPT as your
coding companion. 

GENERATIVE AI COULD ADD $4.4 TRILLION A YEAR TO THE GLOBAL ECONOMY,
MCKINSEY FINDS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://singularityhub.com/2023/06/22/generative-ai-could-add-4-4-trillion-a-year-to-the-global-economy-mckinsey-finds/]

A recent McKinsey study that looks at 850 different job roles and
2,100 tasks across occupations in 47 countries concludes that
generative AI could add 4.4 trillion a year to the global economy.
This would be done through automating repetitive work so humans can be
freed up to do other tasks. 

EVERYTHING THAT USES CONFIGURATION FILES SHOULD REPORT WHERE THEY'RE
LOCATED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://utcc.utoronto.ca/~cks/space/blog/sysadmin/ReportConfigFileLocations]

If a program uses a configuration file (or several), it should have an
obvious command line way to find out where it expects to find that
configuration file. Programs should fully expand and report the
location they'll use given the current settings of things like
environment variables. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f48b0aa8-14c3-11ee-b412-c1ebb9c94e09&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687863629&t=1687863839&s=fecefeb7dc803bd26ad4796acec97f13c3289dea947506a803817bcf897b3bb8].