# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-09-2023

A team of Postman engineers tackled a storage issue with the Sync
service¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8949f802-5dd0-11ee-9f4b-11885f987ff9&pt=campaign&t=1695899038&s=9d152343d3ea654191a48818f7450b6778ce3f30313e811f4b5fd5e1527d6c03]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-28

SEND API REQUESTS DIRECTLY FROM VS CODE WITH A NEW EXTENSION FROM
POSTMAN (SPONSOR)
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]

The Postman VS Code extension
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]
is out of early access and available on Free, Basic, and Professional
Postman plans. This extension allows you to develop and test your APIs
in Postman directly from Visual Studio Code:

	* Create and send HTTP, raw WebSocket, and gRPC requests.
	* Import data with cURL commands.
	* Edit and send requests from a workspace's request history.
	* Create cookies and send them with requests.
	* Create and manage collections and environments.

‚û°Ô∏è¬†To get started, install the Postman VS Code extension from the
Visual Studio Marketplace
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

STORAGE CHALLENGES IN THE EVOLUTION OF DATABASE ARCHITECTURE (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.postman.com/storage-challenges-in-the-evolution-of-database-architecture/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A team of Postman engineers tackled a storage issue with the Sync
service, which had been running since 2014 and was facing physical
storage limitations on an AWS RDS Aurora cluster. The team initially
attempted to prune older records to free up space but found that it
didn't work as expected due to certain constraints. They then devised
an approach to free up tables without compromising system reliability,
resulting in 60TB of space freed.

SPEEDING UP YOUR CODE WHEN MULTIPLE CORES AREN‚ÄôT AN OPTION (14
MINUTE READ)
[https://pythonspeed.com/articles/optimizing-dithering/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Parallelism is the practice of using multi-threading or
multiprocessing to take advantage of multiple CPU cores for improved
performance. There are still many optimizations you can make to
lower-level code when parallelism isn‚Äôt available. This article
explores various optimizations, including simplifying rounding
operations, reducing memory usage by reusing arrays, and minimizing
conditional statements.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

10 LESSONS FROM INDIE HACKERS AND SUCCESSFUL SIDE VENTURES (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/10-lessons-from-software-side-ventures?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Indie hacking and side hustles are more common for software engineers
today due to the recent state of the tech market, the advent of AI,
and inflationary pressures. This author interviewed seven indie
hackers and software engineers with side ventures who make over 20k a
month and distilled the learnings. Software engineers who have
successful side ventures got there by focusing on the intersection of
their unfair advantages and passions and maintaining non-negotiable
consistency.

OPEN SOURCE DOES NOT WIN BY BEING CHEAPER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/getlago/lago/wiki/Open-Source-does-not-win-by-being-cheaper?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In the world of open source software, it's not enough for a project to
simply position itself as an open-source alternative to a commercial
product. To succeed, open-source companies must have a clear reason
for being open source or surpass their competitors. Projects like
PostHog, Medplum, and Minio succeed by providing transparency and
trust in data handling, while others thrive by allowing
community-driven integrations and enhancements, ultimately striving to
be better than closed-source alternatives.

THE ANGULAR RENAISSANCE: WHY FRONTEND DEVS SHOULD REVISIT IT (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/the-angular-renaissance-why-frontend-devs-should-revisit-it/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The Angular team recently made significant changes to its framework,
creating a more user-friendly experience for frontend developers. It
has moved away from modules, added signals, and is considering a new
control flow syntax inspired by Svelte. Angular‚Äôs focus on developer
experience has made it more attractive compared to other competitors
like React.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

VALIBOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/fabian-hiller/valibot?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Valibot is a modular and type-safe schema library for validating
structural data. It‚Äôs an extremely small package at less than 300
bytes. Valibot is implemented in TypeScript and has many validation
helpers included.

NAP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/davesheldon/nap?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Nap is a fast file-based framework for creating and running
integration tests over HTTP. It produces tests written in YAML.

CARTON (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/VivekPanyam/carton?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Carton is a library that lets you run any machine-learning model from
any programming language. It wraps existing models and provides a
uniform interface for your application to use regardless of the
framework the underlying model was implemented in.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW LINEAR BUILDS PRODUCT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/how-linear-builds-product?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Unlike many tech companies, Linear doesn't employ product managers or
cross-functional teams. Instead, it has a single head of product.
Rather than setting metric-based goals, it prioritizes a company-wide
north-star objective. In contrast to common practice, it doesn't rely
on A/B testing for decision-making. Furthermore, its hiring process
includes a paid work trial, and the company operates entirely
remotely. Impressively, Linear has maintained profitability for over
two years, spent a mere $35,000 on marketing, and experienced minimal
employee turnover.

WRITING A DEBUGGER FROM SCRATCH - DBGRS PART 5 - BREAKPOINTS (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.timdbg.com/posts/writing-a-debugger-from-scratch-part-5/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This blog post discusses the implementation of breakpoint
functionality in a debugger tool called DbgRs. The tool already had
the ability to resolve addresses to names in a module, a crucial step
before implementing breakpoints. The post walks readers through the
capability to set hardware breakpoints with many code examples.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

RAVERIE (WEBSITE)
[https://raverie-us.github.io/raverie-engine/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Raverie is a Unity-like game editor running in pure WASM.

ESSENCE (WEBSITE)
[https://nakst.gitlab.io/essence?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Essence is a desktop operating system built from scratch for control
and simplicity.

UIUA (WEBSITE) [https://www.uiua.org/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Uiua is a stack-oriented array programming language with a focus on
simplicity, beauty, and tacit code.

GETTY MADE AN AI GENERATOR THAT ONLY TRAINED ON ITS LICENSED IMAGES (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/25/23884679/getty-ai-generative-image-platform-launch?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Generative AI by Getty Images harnesses Getty‚Äôs vast licensed
library of images.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8949f802-5dd0-11ee-9f4b-11885f987ff9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695898819&t=1695899038&s=93bdbe7ce9773564b2725c3311ece5e344ac9e3436ab1eec7f5b14325d3d58bd].