# Articles TLDR Web Dev 15-05-2023

Web performance optimization has always been critical for websites and
apps.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=33fa6c4c-f2f0-11ed-9ab3-15052acbb008&pt=campaign&t=1684149347&s=060d06b1a4377965ce449583782afce0ed1dff90a53e43b318dd2fb7d2fe3239]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-15

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

ADVANCED WEB PERFORMANCE OPTIMIZATION (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.codemotion.com/magazine/frontend/web-developer/advanced-web-performance-optimization/]


Web performance optimization has always been critical for websites and
apps. As applications have steadily advanced in functionality, the
need for reliable performance has increased. This article covers
advanced web optimization techniques like lazy loading, caching, image
compression, and more. 

HOW HARD IS IT TO BUILD A FRONTEND FRAMEWORK? (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://18alan.space/posts/how-hard-is-it-to-build-a-frontend-framework.html]


Frontend frameworks help abstract away regular HTML and JavaScript in
favor of understandable code, components, and reactivity. This article
goes through how to build a basic frontend framework from scratch that
has both reactivity and composability (component architecture) in less
than 400 lines of code. 

DESIGNING STICKY MENUS: UX GUIDELINES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/05/sticky-menus-ux-guidelines/] 

Sticky menus are very useful on mobile and in responsive web apps.
However, there are a few things to keep in mind when you add them in,
as they can greatly impact UX in certain situations, such as the
behavior of the menu when the keyboard is up on mobile. This article
discusses when you should & shouldn't use sticky menus, how to make
sure it isn‚Äôt distracting to your users, and best practices to make
sure they are always responsive and accessible. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BATTERIES INCLUDED: HOW AI WILL TRANSFORM THE WHO AND HOW OF
PROGRAMMING (6 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.cloudflare.com/ai-will-transform-programming/] 

There‚Äôs been a couple major programming tools that drastically
improved developer productivity, such as high level languages, IDEs,
code completion and so on. AI is the next major step in the evolution
of programming - it will not only enable current developers to be more
efficient, but also allow many non programmers to turn their ideas
into apps. 

WORKING ON AN UNFAMILIAR CODEBASE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.frankel.ch/working-unfamiliar-codebase/] 

As developers, it‚Äôs common to work on an unfamiliar codebase. It
happens every time one joins a new project or even needs to work on a
previously untouched part in big ones. This occurrence is not limited
to a developer having to fix a bug; it can be a solution architect
having to design a new feature or an open source contributor working
on a GitHub issue in their free time. This article describes how to
best approach the situation so that one can reduce the time needed to
start making contributions to an unfamiliar codebase. 

THE OPEN-SOURCE AI BOOM IS BUILT ON BIG TECH‚ÄôS HANDOUTS. HOW LONG
WILL IT LAST? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/05/12/1072950/open-source-ai-google-openai-eleuther-meta/]


A lot of the open-source AI boom is built on Big Tech's research. For
example, many of the headline-making models are built on top of LLaMA,
an open-source large language model released by Meta AI. If these
companies decide to stop releasing their models to the public, the
open-source AI community could collapse in progress compared to
closed-source AI. This is a critical time for the open-source AI
community to find ways to make AI more accessible to everyone. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CHATGPT PROMPT ENGINEERING FOR DEVELOPERS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/chatgpt-prompt-engineering-for-developers/]


This free course by deeplearning.ai and Andrew Ng (co-founder and
ex-head of Google Brain) teaches developers how to use LLMs to quickly
build new and powerful applications. It describes how LLMs work,
provides best practices for prompt engineering, and shows how LLM APIs
can be used in applications for a variety of tasks, like summarizing,
inferring, transforming text, and expanding. 

THE EPIC STACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/epicweb-dev/epic-stack] 

The Epic Stack is an opinionated project starter and reference that
allows teams to ship their ideas to production faster and on a more
stable foundation. It comes with a host of features, such as
email/password authentication, transaction emails, custom image
hosting, styling with TailwindCSS, GitHub Actions, and more. 

WINDMILL (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/windmill-labs/windmill] 

Windmill is an open-source developer platform to turn scripts into
workflows and UIs. It‚Äôs an alternative to Airplane and Retool. The
script languages supported are Python, Typescript, Go, Bash, and SQL. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT'S NEW IN CSS AND UI: I/O 2023 EDITION
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/whats-new-css-ui-2023/] 

This article features 20 of the most exciting and impactful CSS
features in Chrome, such as container queries (which allow you to
style elements based on the size of their container) and the :has()
selector, which allows you to select elements that are descendants of
an element that has ‚Äòn‚Äô number of children. 

THE JAVASCRIPT ECOSYSTEM IS DELIGHTFULLY WEIRD (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://fly.io/blog/js-ecosystem-delightfully-wierd/] 

The JavaScript ecosystem is steadily growing. But less than 10 years
ago, JavaScript wasn‚Äôt as featured as it is now - it didn‚Äôt have
imports, classes, async, arrow functions, and more. As time went on,
JavaScript has been innovated on, but JavaScript is still
fundamentally different from languages like Ruby and Python. 

HOW I USED GITHUB COPILOT TO BUILD A BROWSER EXTENSION (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-12-how-i-used-github-copilot-to-build-a-browser-extension/]


GitHub Copilot can be used as a pair programming tool. This tutorial
walks you through the process of using this AI tool to build
applications like browser extensions. The author also has a few key
takeaways. For example, while generative AI makes it easier to learn
new subjects, it doesn‚Äôt replace the work of learning. There is
still experimentation and research involved. Instead, generative AI
helps speed up learning a lot. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

UPLOADTHING (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/pingdotgg/uploadthing] 

File uploads for modern web devs. 

CONFIGURING ESLINT, PRETTIER, AND TYPESCRIPT TOGETHER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.joshuakgoldberg.com/configuring-eslint-prettier-and-typescript-together/]


Tools like ESLint and Prettier can make your code more cohesive and
reduce errors in your code. This article covers how you can set up
both Prettier and ESLint to make your coding experience in TypeScript
smooth sailing. 

INTRODUCING BASELINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/blog/baseline-unified-view-stable-web-features/]


Mozilla Developer Network (MDN) introduces the 'Baseline for the Web',
a unified view of stable web features supported by all mainstream web
browsers. This initiative aims to foster interoperability and reduce
fragmentation across the web. 'Baseline' includes features like HTML,
CSS, JavaScript, Web APIs, and more. It's a collaborative effort
involving key players in the web ecosystem like Apple, Google,
Microsoft, Mozilla, and Igalia. 

GITHUB COPILOT CHAT‚ÄôS CONFIDENTIAL RULES LEAKED (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/marvinvonhagen/status/1657060506371346432]


Someone was able to get GitHub Copilot Chat to leak its own
confidential rules that it had been prompted with. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=33fa6c4c-f2f0-11ed-9ab3-15052acbb008&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684148420&t=1684149347&s=4725c296444905cfe95ba371010bf0135b01c7bdbe827aa5879e502a15871bfa].


¬†