# Articles TLDR Web Dev 30-08-2023

Figma performance testing used to run on just a single MacBook¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=53c42936-4715-11ee-a04d-1d0366ac8ada&pt=campaign&t=1693393430&s=06e33e4b607e13df2010ddb11ba4470430287f2eeef5fd06e15ac2a976fbd64a]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH¬† [FusionAuth]
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/authentication/multi-factor-authentication?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230830]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-30

MULTI-FACTOR AUTHENTICATION: A CRASH COURSE FOR DEVELOPERS (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/authentication/multi-factor-authentication?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230830]


As a user, you know you should enable multi-factor authentication
(MFA) on any accounts containing valuable data, or which you want to
keep safe. But as a developer or software engineer, MFA may seem a bit
mysterious.
This article by FusionAuth
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/authentication/multi-factor-authentication?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230830]
will cover:

 	* What MFA is
 	* Why MFA is important
 	* Which factors are available
 	* When you might consider requiring MFA

At the end, you should have a good understanding of options for
integrating MFA into your applications, and how to start doing so.

Read the article now on¬†
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/authentication/multi-factor-authentication?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230830]fusionauth.io
[http://fusionauth.io]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

KEEPING FIGMA FAST (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/keeping-figma-fast/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Figma performance testing used to run on just a single MacBook.
However, today Figma is a much larger web app with plugins, community
features, Dev Mode, and more. Figma overhauled its performance testing
setup by shipping two systems: a cloud-based system for mass testing
and a hardware system for precision testing. This made development
faster and performance better overall. This article lays out two case
studies on performance directly from the teams that led the respective
workstreams. 

UNDERSTANDING HOW REACT HANDLES INPUT STATE: A DEEP DIVE (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/understanding-react-handles-input-state/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article delves into how React manages input states and explores
various strategies for handling state changes. It also discusses how
React leverages the concept of controlled and uncontrolled components
to improve React app performance and reduce re-rendering. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

3 KEY TIPS FOR MAXIMUM IMPACT, AND THE MYTH OF THE "LAZY" BIG TECH
ENGINEER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.devmoh.co/p/3-key-tips-for-maximum-impact?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article breaks down three key tips to drive the maximum impact at
your job in order to accelerate your career and excel at your job.
These tips include chasing growth and being vocal about wins.
Furthermore, it addresses whether it‚Äôs easier to make a large impact
at startups or Big Tech and breaks down the different kinds of impact
and career growth one can expect working at each type of company.
There‚Äôs opportunity for large ownership and impact at both Big Tech
and startups, but career growth can sometimes be faster at
fast-growing startups. 

IF YOU WANT TO ADDRESS TECH DEBT, QUANTIFY IT FIRST (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/08/24/if-you-want-to-address-tech-debt-quantify-it-first/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Tech debt has a real economic impact, as it eats up developer time and
impedes the speed of future progress. To make the case to address
technical debt, it can help to quantify it to organization leaders.
For example, there‚Äôs a developer cost, economic cost, opportunity
cost, and more. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NODE.JS REFERENCE ARCHITECTURE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This repository contains Red Hat and IBM‚Äôs playbook on using Node.
It covers how their engineering teams work with Node, what tools they
prefer, and their development and operational practices. 

CHARTBREW (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chartbrew/chartbrew?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Chartbrew is an open-source web application that can connect directly
to databases and APIs and use the data to create beautiful charts. It
features a chart builder, editable dashboards, embeddable charts,
query & requests editor, and team capabilities. 

FOMOS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Ruddle/Fomos?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Fomos is an experimental operating system built with Rust. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MEASURING DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY? A RESPONSE TO MCKINSEY (19 MINUTE
READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


McKinsey recently published an article titled ‚ÄúYes, you can measure
software developer productivity.‚Äù The article caused quite a stir in
the software development community. This article is a response to the
McKinsey report. It argues that McKinsey‚Äôs framework is certain to
backfire. To prove their point, the author discusses a mental model of
the software engineering cycle, the real necessity of measuring
software engineering productivity, and the measurement tradeoffs in
software engineering. 

MAPREDUCE, TENSORFLOW, VERTEX: GOOGLE'S BET TO AVOID REPEATING HISTORY
IN AI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.supervised.news/p/mapreduce-tensorflow-bard-also-hello?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Google Cloud is at the core of Google‚Äôs attempt to reclaim its title
as the most powerful AI company on the planet. Google is making its
play in AI in the form of pushing Vertex AI, its enterprise AI
product, into a competitive category with Azure (and by extension
OpenAI) and AWS. While it‚Äôs incredibly early, it‚Äôs possible
Google‚Äôs collaboration with Nvidia on PaxML could have pretty
substantial ramifications for AI development as a whole.

A correction from yesterday's newsletter: the creator of Laravel is
named Taylor Otwell and not Taylor Williams!

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

KLAVIYO HIRING LEAD ENGINEER FOR EVENTS PIPELINE TEAM (BOSTON)
[https://careers.klaviyo.com/en/search-jobs/job/lead-software-engineer-data-pipeline-5576488003/?gh_jid=5576488003?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=TLDR&utm_campaign=August2023]


Klaviyo is looking for a Lead Engineer
[https://careers.klaviyo.com/en/search-jobs/job/lead-software-engineer-data-pipeline-5576488003/?gh_jid=5576488003?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=TLDR&utm_campaign=August2023]
to join their Events Pipeline team, responsible for the design,
implementation, and tuning of highly visible mission critical stream
processing systems handling billions of interactions per day in real
time. Learn more.
[https://careers.klaviyo.com/en/search-jobs/job/lead-software-engineer-data-pipeline-5576488003/?gh_jid=5576488003?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=TLDR&utm_campaign=August2023]


ASK HN: WHY DID PYTHON WIN? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37308747&utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A Hacker News commenter asks why Python became so popular. 

AI IMAGES ARE GETTING HARDER TO SPOT. GOOGLE THINKS IT HAS A SOLUTION
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2023/08/29/google-wants-watermark-ai-generated-images-stop-deepfakes/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Google announced a new tool called SynthID that embeds a digital
‚Äúwatermark‚Äù directly into an AI-generated image that can‚Äôt be
seen by the human eye but can be picked up by a computer that‚Äôs been
trained to read it. 

FIX REDUCE UNUSED JAVASCRIPT LIGHTHOUSE WARNING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.corewebvitals.io/pagespeed/reduce-unused-javascript-lighthouse?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The ‚Äúreduce unused JavaScript‚Äù warning in LightHouse can be fixed
by removing dead code and deferring unused code. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=53c42936-4715-11ee-a04d-1d0366ac8ada&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693393227&t=1693393430&s=84fd3cd7290bda8459565b2e54956b9852d008416d6a148b8e2084ef6847e38c].