# Articles TLDR Web Dev 19-07-2023

React is one of the most popular JavaScript libraries for building
user interfaces¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e8dc8fc4-2611-11ee-823b-0501a5f63731&pt=campaign&t=1689764632&s=75285eea411b19b3f05680af08f30b74dbabdb84deafe7bf09c1a0127945db44]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Wiz]
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-19

THE CLOUD SECURITY WORKFLOW HANDBOOK: EXTENDING SECURITY TO THE ENTIRE
DEV TEAM (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

The Wiz research team
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
surveyed security orgs at hyper-scaling enterprises to uncover how
they‚Äôre adapting in 2023 and beyond.
They packed their best-practices, frameworks, and templates
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
into this playbook including:

üëâ A breakdown of the three pillars of the modern cloud security
operating model best-in-class orgs are moving to.

üëâ The 4-step roadmap
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
used by the fastest-growing companies to adapt to the new threat
landscape.

üëâ Plus: Goals and KPI templates
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]
for your team to track based on maturity stage presented in a
convenient cheat sheet.

Download the Handbook for Free from Wiz üìî
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/cloud-security-workflow-handbook?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=FY24Q1_INB_FORM_Cloud-Security-Workflow-Handbook&sfcid=7013z000001HSqsAAG&utm_term=FY24Q2-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=CloudSecHandbook-nl]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

8 BEST PRACTICES FOR REACT COMPONENT DESIGN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/blossom/8-best-practices-for-reactjs-component-design-4jn5]

React is one of the most popular JavaScript libraries for building
user interfaces. One of the reasons it gained so much popularity is
its Component-Based Architecture. React encourages building UI in
reusable components, allowing developers to build complex user
interfaces more efficiently. This article explores 10 best practices
that will help you write cleaner, more maintainable, and reusable
React components. 

BRINGING HDR VIDEO TO REELS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/07/17/video-engineering/hdr-video-reels-meta/]

Video quality used to diminish when uploaded to Facebook/Instagram.
This is no longer the case. This article walks through how the video
infrastructure team at Meta brought HDR video to Reels at scale. Some
challenges included dealing with different device capabilities and
image formats and accurate tone mapping. 

HOW REACT 18 IMPROVES APPLICATION PERFORMANCE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/how-react-18-improves-application-performance]

React 18 has introduced concurrent features that fundamentally change
the way React applications can be rendered. This article explores how
these latest features impact and improve application performance. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

A DEVELOPER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO PROMPT ENGINEERING AND LLMS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-07-17-prompt-engineering-guide-generative-ai-llms/]

This article tells the story of GitHub's work with large language
models (LLMs) to help other developers learn how to best make use of
the technology. It describes at a high level how LLMs function and how
to build LLM applications. The article uses GitHub Copilot code
completions as a case example of an LLM-based application. 

PROGRAMMERS SHARE TIPS AND TRICKS FOR WORKING WITH AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/programmers-share-tips-and-tricks-for-working-with-ai/]

AI systems tend to hallucinate and produce incorrect code. There are
‚Äúbest practices‚Äù for using AI, such as using prompt engineering
techniques and knowing which question to ask. It‚Äôs important to use
tools wisely and rely on them as just tools, not things that do the
entire job for you. 

WHY ENGINEERS SHOULD FOCUS ON WRITING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yieldcode.blog/post/why-engineers-should-write/]

Engineers should write in order to become better engineers. Writing
helps people identify mistakes, learn things in a deeper manner, and
organize thoughts in a coherent way. The only way to get better at
writing is to keep doing it. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CODE INTERPRETER API (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/shroominic/codeinterpreter-api]

A LangChain implementation of the ChatGPT Code Interpreter. 

UPTIME KUMA (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma]

Uptime Kuma is an easy-to-use self-hosted monitoring tool. 

SUPERAGENT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/homanp/superagent]

Superagent is a powerful tool that simplifies the configuration and
deployment of large language model agents to production. It provides a
range of features and functionalities to make it easier for developers
to build, manage, and deploy AI agents to production with features
such as built in memory, document retrieval via vector DBs, powerful
tools, webhooks, and cron jobs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM OUTAGES (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/real-world-engineering-10?r=1nwcx&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web]

As an engineer, it‚Äôs never a good time for an outage and it‚Äôs
always cheaper to learn from other people‚Äôs outages than to learn
from your own. Luckily, many tech companies publish public postmortems
following widespread outages. This article examines some of these
reports and extracts valuable lessons we can learn from them. 

4 REASONS WHY META IS ALL-IN ON OPEN SOURCE AI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.primoh.net/p/4-reasons-why-meta-is-all-in-on-open?sd=pf]

Why does Meta keep releasing open-source models? What is their
incentive? Some possibilities include attracting and retaining top AI
talent, building goodwill among developers, and receiving feedback to
improve its model. 

3 REASONS WHY TEAMS MOVE AWAY FROM AWS LAMBDA (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/three-reasons-why-teams-move-away-from-aws-lambda/]

This article dives into the three main reasons why some teams move
away from AWS Lambda to lower-level computing abstractions. It also
covers how you can migrate smoothly from Amazon Lambda to functions
running on Amazon EKS. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LLAMA 2 (WEBSITE) [https://ai.meta.com/llama/]

Meta releases their next-generation open-source large language model
Llama 2. 

META IS GIVING AWAY ITS AI TECH TO TRY TO BEAT CHATGPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/18/23799025/meta-ai-llama-2-open-source-microsoft]

Meta is open-sourcing its large language model in partnership with
Microsoft. 

STABLE DIFFUSION ON THE WEB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://islamov.ai/stable-diffusion-webgpu/]

A demo of Stable Diffusion running in the web browser using WebGPU. 

VAL (WEBSITE) [https://www.val-lang.dev/]

Val is a programming language that leverages mutable value semantics
and generic programming for high-level systems programming. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e8dc8fc4-2611-11ee-823b-0501a5f63731&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689764430&t=1689764632&s=1e26a27e3393ad83e49ca23282e0e94739e97c1f213f0621f98c3fdd3b91c479].