# Articles TLDR Web Dev 09-10-2023

LinkedIn deals with billions of daily requests, so the data
serialization protocol it chooses can be very impactful¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=525db63e-667d-11ee-9e70-b7bce1c6fe05&pt=campaign&t=1696849833&s=34eb69015f53d3e59e7ea6f9e63bcb2b30661fff4e5729fc5837b473b63dff0b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-09

üÜï üÜì¬†FREE DORA METRICS DASHBOARD FROM LINEARB (SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]

High-performing engineering teams love DORA metrics. But it‚Äôs not
always easy for leaders to access up-to-date data about their teams.
With a free LinearB account
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free],
you‚Äôll get a dashboard showing the four DORA metrics
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]
right out of the box. No limitations on contributors, repos, or team
size.

Here‚Äôs what‚Äôs included:

‚úîÔ∏è¬†All four DORA metrics ‚Äî Cycle Time, Deploy Frequency, CFR,
MTTR
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]
‚Äî based on your team‚Äôs data

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Industry standard Benchmarks to help you define team
performance and set data-backed goals

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Additional leading metrics
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]
including Merge Frequency and Pull Request Size (a great indicator of
quality and efficiency)

Get early access here
[https://linearb.io/resources/free-dora-waitlist?utm_source=T&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202310+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+DORA+Free]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE ULTIMATE LOW-QUALITY IMAGE PLACEHOLDER TECHNIQUE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://csswizardry.com/2023/09/the-ultimate-lqip-lcp-technique/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article discusses the importance of Low-Quality Image
Placeholders (LQIPs) in creating a better experience for users waiting
for the images to load. LQIPs can even enhance core web vitals like
Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) if you make it meet the requirements
for consideration of LCP. The article goes into any nuances to be
aware of when using LQIP, along with how best to implement a solution.


HOW LINKEDIN ADOPTED PROTOCOL BUFFERS TO REDUCE LATENCY BY 60% (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.systemdesign.one/p/protocol-buffers-vs-json?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

LinkedIn deals with billions of daily requests, so the data
serialization protocol it chooses can be very impactful. This post
dives into how LinkedIn switched from using the JSON serialization
format to Protocol Buffers, reducing p99 latency by 60% for big
payloads and throughput by 6.25%. This is mainly because JSON uses a
textual format, which requires more network bandwidth and more compute
to compress data. One downside of protocol buffers is that they can be
hard to debug and update. 

HOW TO CHOOSE A CLOUD DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/how-to-choose-a-cloud-development-environment/?utm_source=webdev]

Choosing the right cloud development environment for your team is an
extremely important and difficult decision to make. This article lists
and discusses the considerations software development teams should be
making in order to choose the best option for them. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW HEALTHY ENGINEERING TEAMS INVEST THEIR TIME (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://devinterrupted.substack.com/p/how-healthy-engineering-teams-invest?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Successful engineering-led growth can only happen if the engineering
teams can focus on building and the teams are doing work that aligns
with company goals. There are many existing metrics and playbooks to
measure a team‚Äôs efficiency, but team and company alignment tend to
be more subjective and hard to measure. This blog introduces 4
business metrics that attempt to measure this alignment by showing how
teams allocate time across initiatives. The 2,000 engineering teams
studied tended to spend 55% of their time on New Value initiatives,
20% on Feature Enhancements, 15% on Developer Experience, and 10% on
maintenance tasks. 

STRONG STATIC TYPING, A HILL I'M WILLING TO DIE ON‚Ä¶ (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.svix.com/blog/strong-typing-hill-to-die-on/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Strong static typing is not just a good idea, but also almost always
the right choice. It leads to fewer bugs, a better development
experience, and clearer contracts between different pieces of code.
Strongly typed projects are typically developed slower due to a higher
learning curve and more boilerplate code. Not using types often leads
to more time spent documenting and testing. Strong static typing lets
you catch more errors at compile time rather than run time, which
prevents bugs from ending up in the hands of customers. 

WHY TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE MATTERS: HOW TO BUILD A LIFELONG CAREER IN
SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoq.com/presentations/career-technical-experience/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Navigating a career in software development can be tough. This article
outlines 10 tried and true lessons on what to do to advance in a
technical career based on technical expertise valued by the industry. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LITE-YOUTUBE-EMBED (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/paulirish/lite-youtube-embed?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a Lite Youtube embedder that works similarly to Youtube‚Äôs
original embedder, but with 224x faster visual performance. 

YALC: WORK WITH YARN/NPM PACKAGES LOCALLY LIKE A BOSS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/wclr/yalc?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Yalc simplifies the process of publishing yarn/npm packages locally.
Users can try packages before publishing to a remote and potentially
public registry. 

CHROME-GPT: AN EXPERIMENTAL AUTOGPT AGENT THAT INTERACTS WITH CHROME
(GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/richardyc/Chrome-GPT?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

An AutoGPT agent that controls Chrome on your desktop. With the
ability to interactively scroll, click, and input text on web pages,
the AutoGPT agent can navigate and manipulate web content. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY AREN‚ÄôT THERE MORE PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES STARTUPS? (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.postman.com/why-arent-there-more-programming-languages-startups/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Jean Yang, CEO of Akita and an ex-Carnegie Mellon professor in
programming languages, shares her thoughts on the challenges faced by
startups in the programming languages domain. Yang emphasizes the
disconnect between what developers desire and their actual needs. Some
key challenges include the slow adoption of deep tech from research to
industry and the importance of tools integrating seamlessly into
existing workflows. Yang calls for tools that prioritize real-world
developer needs over complete technological innovation. 

HOW WE MANAGE 200+ OPEN SOURCE REPOS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://turbot.com/blog/2023/10/repo-management?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

7 lessons learned by Turbot in managing 200+ open-source repositories.
Some key lessons are to keep project milestones transparent since
contributors‚Äô ideas might not align with project goals, use age
reports to keep track of old PRs because long standing issues and PRs
can create bottlenecks, maintain consistency in technical practice and
high-quality documentation across all repos, and treat contributors
like your team members! 

THE HIDDEN PERFORMANCE COST OF NODEJS AND GRAPHQL (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.softwareatscale.dev/p/the-hidden-performance-cost-of-nodejs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

NodeJS and GraphQL are popular technologies for building web
applications but they come with certain scaling and performance
tradeoffs to be aware of. GraphQL's modular structure generally leads
to code that instantiates excessive promises, which degrades request
performance. Benchmarks show a 2-3x latency increase. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEPENDENCY INVERSION PRINCIPLE IN JAVASCRIPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@ronaldssebalamu/dependency-inversion-principle-in-javascript-dip-3757cc9648ba?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A quick explanation of the dependency Inversion principle, the last
principle of the SOLID design principles. 

10 PROGRAMMING PRINCIPLES EVERY SOFTWARE DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ossph.org/programming-principles-every-developer-should-know/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Learn the fundamental programming principles that allow software
developers to write cleaner, more maintainable, and scalable code. 

5 BEST DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHMS PROJECTS FOR YOUR RESUME (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.analyticsinsight.net/5-best-data-structures-and-algorithms-projects-for-your-resume/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Explore five impressive data structures and algorithms projects that
can make your resume stand out. 

AWESOME-VSCODE (WEBSITE)
[https://viatsko.github.io/awesome-vscode/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Awesome list of vs-code themes and extensions, most of them with
screenshots and gifs so you can quickly scroll through 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://priyam.co/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=525db63e-667d-11ee-9e70-b7bce1c6fe05&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696849441&t=1696849833&s=98495c1b87044a76ff1981046933a26045de9970e6338585a7b18104805eef3a].