# Articles TLDR Web Dev 20-10-2023

Working with large JSON files can be time-consuming, especially when
analyzing them¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=49eac386-6f0e-11ee-b211-65c814af53e9&pt=campaign&t=1697799810&s=1b5f0b09045e49e9420c39e1ba33e8a8e0f1e1667c173b01c4f3d127d440bb3e]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Clerk]
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-20

 CLERK: DROP-IN AUTH + USER MANAGEMENT FOR REACT, NEXT.JS, AND THE
MODERN WEB (SPONSOR)
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]


 New tech has made building for the web much easier, but
authentication and user management is still a sore spot. Clerk
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]
is a new dev tool designed to solve this.
What‚Äôs inside? Every component, SDK, and integration you need to
onboard users and let them manage their accounts:

	* Pre-built UI components
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]
for sign-in, sign-up, user profiles, and organizations
	* SDKs
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]
for React, React Native, Next.js, Redwood, Remix, and other frameworks
	* Integrations
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]
with Firebase, Supabase, Convex, and more
	* User management, social login, magic links, MFA‚Ä¶

Start building for FREE (up to 5,000 MAU) üöÄ
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-20-2023&utm_term=primary]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 ANALYZING MULTI-GIGABYTE JSON FILES LOCALLY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenybble.de/posts/json-analysis/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Working with large JSON files can be time-consuming, especially when
analyzing them. There are two efficient solutions for local
processing: one involves parallelizing JQ commands using GNU parallel
and the other is based on Jupyter and the Dask library, which allows
for distributed processing of large JSON files. This article discusses
strategies for efficiently analyzing multi-gigabyte JSON files in a
project context. It demonstrates the advantages of Dask for
interactive data analysis, which enables the creation of pipelines
that preprocess and analyze large JSON files without loading
everything into memory. 

 SCROLL-DRIVEN STATE TRANSFER (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://kizu.dev/scroll-driven-state-transfer/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Scroll-Driven State Transfer is a technique that transfers the state
of one element to another placed at a different point on the page
using scroll-driven animations and unique identifiers in CSS without
requiring a common or unique ancestral element. This technique is
aimed at connecting two elements via a shared unique identifier
without altering the global CSS stylesheet. 

 SOLID.JS CREATOR OUTLINES OPTIONS TO REDUCE JAVASCRIPT CODE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/solid-js-creator-outlines-options-to-reduce-javascript-code/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 JavaScript's impact on web pages needs to be reduced, especially on
mobile devices. There are multiple strategies for addressing this
issue, including code splitting and lazy loading, choosing smaller and
faster frameworks, implementing progressive enhancements, and adopting
progressive hydration to optimize JavaScript code for improved
performance and user experience. The goal is not zero kilobytes of
Javascript, but to minimize JavaScript's footprint on websites. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 RANDOM THOUGHTS 15 YEARS INTO SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://roughlywritten.substack.com/p/random-thoughts-15-years-into-software?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Ryan O‚ÄôNeill, an engineer with fifteen years of professional
experience, shares some insights about the truths of software
development. He recommends that people take ownership of the the
systems they work on, manage project scope proactively, prioritize
debuggability, and more. 

 FROM INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTOR TO ENGINEERING DIRECTOR (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/hybridhacker/p/from-individual-contributor-to-director?r=2bjtip&utm_campaign=post&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This essay is a personal account of a journey from an individual
contributor to a director position at Namecheap. The key takeaways
include the importance of networking, adaptability, communication, and
trust within leadership roles, with a focus on embracing change and
continuous learning. With discipline and consistency, anyone can
progress in their careers. 

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 ANNOUNCING TANSTACK QUERY V5 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://tanstack.com/blog/announcing-tanstack-query-v5] 

 The query-led state management library TanStack Query hits its latest
milestone release with an improved and more consistent API, simpler
optimistic updates, sharable mutation state, non-experimental Suspense
support, new devtools, and more. It‚Äôs available to use with React,
Vue, Svelte, Solid, and other frameworks. 

 SYSTEM DESIGN 101 (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ByteByteGoHq/system-design-101?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 System Design 101 is a comprehensive guide that demystifies intricate
systems through the use of visual aids and plain language. It‚Äôs for
those preparing for system design interviews or seeking
straightforward visual explanations of the inner workings of systems.
The guide dives into topics such as communication protocols, CI/CD,
architectural patterns, microservice architecture, payment systems,
and more. 

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

 APPLE‚ÄôS USE OF SWIFT AND SWIFTUI IN IOS 17 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.timac.org/2023/1019-state-of-swift-and-swiftui-ios17/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article analyzes the built-in apps in iOS 17 to answer several
questions related to programming languages and frameworks. iOS 17
contains 6,030 binaries, a significant increase from the previous
version, with 627 new binaries. There has been a gradual decrease in
the usage of Objective-C, C, and C++, with Swift and SwiftUI becoming
more prevalent in Apple's apps. 

 NETWORKING AS AN INTROVERT CTO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/networking-introvert-cto/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This author shares their experiences as an introverted CTO navigating
networking events and emphasizes that effective networking is about
quality over quantity. They stress the importance of building genuine,
meaningful relationships, focusing on shared experiences, and treating
everyone with respect. The author provides practical networking tips,
including smiling, asking questions, showing gratitude, finding common
ground, ending conversations gracefully, and following up.
Interestingly, the author‚Äôs preferred networking method is through
writing. 

 SOME NOTES ON LOCAL FIRST DEVELOPMENT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://bricolage.io/some-notes-on-local-first-development/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Local-first development shifts reads and writes from happening on the
server to in the client. Data then is synced later. Apps like Figma
and Linear do this as it allows for much better performance for users,
more robust applications, built-in support for offline usage and
collaboration, and simplified state management for developers. There
is currently a trend where applications are moving towards
local-first, but it is yet to be seen whether this will turn into a
full-fledged movement. 

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

 HTML TAGS MEMORY TEST (WEBSITE)
[https://codepen.io/plfstr/full/zYqQeRw?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 A quiz to see how many of the 114 HTML div elements you can remember.


 IN-MEMORY DATABASE REDIS WANTS TO DABBLE IN DISK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/10/19/redis_disk_support/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Redis aims to lower costs and broaden its appeal by creating a
three-tiered architecture, including support for disk-based memory. 

 HOW THE MICROSERVICE VS. MONOLITH DEBATE BECAME MEANINGLESS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://itnext.io/how-the-microservice-vs-monolith-debate-became-meaningless-7e90678c5a29?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Consistent cache invalidation has been solved, making the debate
moot. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=49eac386-6f0e-11ee-b211-65c814af53e9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697799620&t=1697799810&s=131361eb219a1c01746ee85e8217548a23d8e57fc75397a02cf94b2f68d716be].