# Articles TLDR Web Dev 12-05-2023

Vue.js is a progressive JavaScript framework that makes building user
interfaces simple and efficient.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=97081038-f09c-11ed-a66a-35b5351d4a9e&pt=campaign&t=1683889707&s=ff6420a6c9efe450076263a12408061c317dfc5c5f61b3d05b1f3dd1439a5e4c]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-12

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

MEMORY ALLOCATION (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://samwho.dev/memory-allocation/] 

All computer programs need and interact with memory. Memory allocators
help us to use memory effectively in our programs. This deep dive
covers the basics of memory allocation and how to use allocators
properly. 

UNDERSTANDING THE POWER OF BITWISE OPERATORS. NO MATH NEEDED (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.deusinmachina.net/p/understanding-the-power-of-bitwise] 

When learning a new programming language, there is usually a table in
the documentation that shows the various operators that can be used
with numbers. While we are all familiar with +,-,*, and /, there‚Äôs
always that one section that most of us skip. These are the bitwise
operators <<, >>, &, ^ and |. While at first, they might seem obscure,
unhelpful, or tools only for people who write in low level programming
languages, they do serve a purpose. Bitwise operations allow us to
manipulate the binary representation of the data which turns out to be
extremely useful. This article is a deep dive into using bitwise
operators effectively. 

HOW TO CREATE A MULTILINGUAL SITE IN NEXT.JS WITH NEXT-I18NEXT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.codemotion.com/magazine/frontend/multilingual-site-in-next-js-with-next-i18next/]


Next.js provides built-in internationalized routing capabilities. At
the same time, it does not offer a translation content management
system. All it does is keep your locales and URLs synchronized. To
actually create a multilingual site in Next.js, you need to handle the
translations yourself, which can be cumbersome and boilerplate.
Thankfully, there is next-i18next, a Next.js 18n library that makes
localization easier. This tutorial goes through setting up
next-i18next on a Next.js application. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BE SKEPTICAL: CHALLENGING THE BELIEFS UNDERLYING EVERYTHING (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.scarletink.com/be-skeptical-challenging-beliefs-underlying-everything/?ref=scarlet-ink-by-dave-anderson-newsletter]


It‚Äôs important to be skeptical because we build on top of
unquestioned things as developers. We prioritize projects because our
metrics say it's a good idea. We spend weeks executing detailed
process steps, with the belief that the added time and expense is
essential. We change our entire organization's trajectory based on
some critical assumptions. As developers, it‚Äôs good to keep a
healthy skeptical mind. This article covers why you should question
metrics, processes, and assumptions. 

WHY ASTRO IS MY FAVORITE FRAMEWORK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://ryantrimble.com/blog/why-astro-is-my-favorite-framework/] 

Astro is a framework for building fast websites that makes things very
straightforward. It uses JavaScript for templating. Pages, layouts,
and partials are all Astro components. It has very simple flat-file
routing and clear, fleshed-out docs. The article introduces some
samples of things you can build with it along with some of the best
features it has. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ANNOUNCING VUE 3.3 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.vuejs.org/posts/vue-3-3] 

Vue.js is a progressive JavaScript framework that makes building user
interfaces simple and efficient. Vue 3.3 has several changes, mostly
focused on improving developer experience. 

GRIDSTACK.JS (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/gridstack/gridstack.js]


Gridstack.js is a tool for building interactive dashboards in minutes.
It is a mobile-friendly modern Typescript library for dashboard layout
and creation. 

DIVMAGIC (CHROME EXTENSION)
[https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/divmagic/okpadhgilncoodafepkdmlneojcehclf#divmagic]


DivMagic is a Chrome extension to copy code from any page as
TailwindCSS components. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DATADOG‚ÄôS $65M/YEAR CUSTOMER MYSTERY SOLVED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/datadogs-65myear-customer-mystery]


At Datadog‚Äôs last earnings call, a mystery customer‚Äôs bill hit
$65M for 2022. After much speculation, there is now confirmation that
the mystery customer is Coinbase. This article looks more into how
Coinbase got its hefty Datadog bill, its strategies to cut down on
infrastructure costs, and how Datadog was able to save the customer
relationship in a time where the macroeconomic environment is tough,
especially for crypto companies like Coinbase. 

PROBLEMS HARDER THAN NP-COMPLETE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://buttondown.email/hillelwayne/archive/problems-harder-than-np-complete/]


People always talk about ‚ÄúP vs NP‚Äù like P problems are easy and NP
problems are hard. This is a useful day-to-day model but also an
oversimplification. Problems can actually be harder than NP-Complete,
and the article lays out some examples, such as PSPACE-complete
problems. 

A PLAYBOOK FOR MANAGING ANY PRODUCTION INCIDENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/03/dont-panic-a-playbook-for-managing-any-production-incident/]


Dealing with production incidents is inevitable, even for the most
well architected, well-planned deployments. Knowing how to handle it
when things break is more important than preventing things from ever
breaking. This article lays out takeaways that are applicable for
folks at all levels. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO WRITE A GOOD ISSUE: TIPS FOR COMMUNICATION IN OPEN SOURCE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/opensauced/how-to-write-a-good-issue-tips-for-effective-communication-in-open-source-5443]


Writing issues is an important form of communication, and, as a
contributor, it can be a valuable skill to develop to create
relationships and support maintainers. This article covers what you
can do to write issues that are easy to understand and work with. 

INTRODUCING 100K CONTEXT WINDOWS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.anthropic.com/index/100k-context-windows] 

Anthropic is an AI company that has built Claude, a ChatGPT
competitor. Today, they announced that they have now expanded
Claude‚Äôs context window from 9K to 100K tokens, corresponding to
around 75,000 words. This means businesses can now submit hundreds of
pages of materials for Claude to digest and analyze, and conversations
with Claude can go on for hours or even days. 

INSTANT ROLLBACK IS NOW GENERALLY AVAILABLE TO REVERT DEPLOYMENTS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/changelog/instant-rollback-is-now-available-to-revert-deployments]


Instant Rollback is now generally available for all Vercel users. With
Instant Rollback, developers can quickly revert to a previous
production deployment, making it easier to fix breaking changes. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=97081038-f09c-11ed-a66a-35b5351d4a9e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683889221&t=1683889707&s=b52d8066f207c8ee636064e350eb550f0dac76fc3e2642aa26b72da20a3748a9].


¬†