# Articles TLDR Web Dev 15-06-2023

The new GPT API features function calling, making it easier to connect
with external tools and APIs.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=64269594-0b28-11ee-a43b-35a16e476e05&pt=campaign&t=1686827395&s=791e9d95919c760bf37a39c8e17249c4f46583d73401b092f102675aa80d4167]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-15

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

NATIVE JSON OUTPUT FROM GPT-4 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://yonom.substack.com/p/native-json-output-from-gpt-4]

The new GPT API features function calling, making it easier to connect
with external tools and APIs. It can output JSON instead of just
strings when making function calls. Function calling basically gives
developers lower-level access to the large language model, making
developing on top of the GPT API easier. This article goes through an
example of using the API properly and the implications of this new
feature. 

MIGRATING NETFLIX TO GRAPHQL SAFELY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://netflixtechblog.com/migrating-netflix-to-graphql-safely-8e1e4d4f1e72]

Netflix migrated their mobile apps to GraphQL in 2022. This was done
with zero downtime and involved a total overhaul from the client to
the API layer. Doing this safely for 100s of millions of customers
without disruption was exceptionally challenging, especially
considering the many dimensions of change involved. This blog post
shares the broadly-applicable techniques (beyond GraphQL) Netflix used
to perform this migration. The three strategies discussed are AB
Testing, Replay Testing, and Sticky Canaries. Netflix first created a
new GraphQL service over the previous legacy monolith API endpoints.
It then deprecated both the service and legacy API in favor of GraphQL
services owned by the domain teams. 

HOW WE SPED UP SEARCH LATENCY WITH SERVER-SENT EVENTS IN EXPRESS.JS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hyperdx.io/blog/speeding-up-search-latency-with-server-sent-events-on-express]

Using HTTP to query for a search works, but it's not the most optimal
UX if your query takes a long time. Users have to wait for the entire
search to complete, which can take up to 30 seconds for sparse queries
that are not requested often. A better UX would be to stream responses
as you query, which can be accomplished with Server-sent events (SSE).
This article explains how SSE works, how it differs from traditional
web sockets, and how you can integrate it in Express.js. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

SPEED MATTERS: WHY WORKING QUICKLY IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN IT SEEMS (4
MINUTE READ) [http://jsomers.net/blog/speed-matters]

The obvious benefit to working quickly is that you‚Äôll finish more
stuff per unit time. But there‚Äôs more to it than that. If you work
quickly, the cost of doing something new will seem lower in your mind,
so you‚Äôll be inclined to do more. Google famously prioritized speed
as a feature. They realized that if search is fast, you‚Äôre more
likely to search. The reason is that it encourages you to try stuff,
get feedback, and try again. Working fast ends up implicitly lowering
the activation energy to do new tasks, which means you get more done
and try more things. 

SOME THINGS I LEARNED FROM WORKING ON BIG FRONTEND CODE BASES (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/noriste/some-things-i-learnt-from-working-on-big-frontend-codebases-1e0a]

This retrospective post covers things one developer learned while
working on large TypeScript and React codebases. It recommends best
practices to replicate and pitfalls to avoid. 

MY TAKE ON A UNIFIED THEORY OF REACTIVITY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/unified-reactivity-theory]

Reactivity is an important feature of front end frameworks. There are
a number of ways to provide this functionality. This post summarizes
the three ways frameworks today provide reactivity: value-based (think
states in React), observables-based (through subscriptions), and
signal-based (which is close to observables-based, but without the
need to subscribe/unsubscribe). It discusses the pros and cons of each
reactivity model and a hot take on why signals are the best model out
of the three. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ZAP (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/zigzap/zap]

Zap is a zig framework to create REST APIs quickly. It can be
considered to be a microframework for web applications, similar to
Flask for Python. Zap comes with multiple features, such as routes,
endpoints, cookie support, middleware, and more. 

ZEAL (WEBSITE) [https://zealdocs.org/]

Zeal is an offline documentation browser for software developers. It
comes with over 200 docs in multiple languages. 

REWIND-UI (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/rewindui/rewindui]

Rewind-UI is a React component library for building modern web
applications using Tailwind CSS. It offers a range of accessible,
highly customizable components that can be easily integrated into any
React project. Rewind-UI comes with a set of default styles that can
be easily customized using Tailwind CSS classes. Furthermore, each
component can be parameterized using a set of props that can be used
to change the default styles of the component. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FINISH YOUR PROJECTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/guides/finish-your-projects]

Most people dream of building great projects, but many never start. Of
the few that start, even fewer finish. This guide breaks down how to
plan successfully and overcome roadblocks to become one of the few
that finishes the projects they start. Finishing requires effort and
courage. 

ALWAYS THE SAME WARNING SIGNS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.science.org/content/blog-post/always-same-warning-signs]

Promising stories like that of Theranos and FTX have ended with the
discovery of fraud. But how were investors and so many others fooled
by the founders of these companies? Each company had warning signs
that were similar and when these warning signs came up, they deserved
much more scrutiny than they actually got. For example, if it seems
like only one person can get this company to work and/or if a lot of
important data is missing or kept secret, then it might be a sign to
take a closer look at the company. 

LOW CODE AND NO CODE DEVELOPMENT TOOLS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/low-code-no-code-development-tools]

As the demand for software applications continues to grow, the
pressure on developers to deliver high-quality solutions in a timely
manner has increased exponentially. No-code and low-code development
tools have become popular to address this challenge. This article
explores the world of low-code and zero-code development tools, the
benefits, key features, use cases, challenges, and the future of this
emerging field. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GROKKING THE CODING INTERVIEW: MASTERING THE 20 CODING PATTERNS (8
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/0hiBN]

Coding interviews continue to get harder as more software engineers
join the industry. Recognizing patterns in problem statements can help
make interviews easier to both approach and solve. This article lays
out 20 coding interview patterns that a developer should know if they
are interviewing for a new job. 

5 FRONT-END FRAMEWORKS TO CONSIDER OTHER THAN REACT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.syncfusion.com/blogs/post/5-front-end-web-frameworks-other-than-react.aspx/amp]

React is just one of many choices for frontend development. This blog
will discuss frontend frameworks other than React that are popular and
a good fit for web application development. 

TEST YOUR REACT HOOKS WITH VITEST EFFICIENTLY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://mayashavin.com/articles/test-react-hooks-with-vitest]

Vitest is a powerful unit testing framework primarily used for
JavaScript and TypeScript. This post explores how to use Vitest and
React Testing Library to help unit test React hooks in a way that
makes them easy to maintain and extend. 

INTRODUCING VERCEL'S AI ACCELERATOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/vercel-ai-accelerator]

Vercel has announced a 6 week program with over $850k in credits from
Vercel and top AI platforms. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=64269594-0b28-11ee-a43b-35a16e476e05&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686826828&t=1686827395&s=27cacdcc295f26d449a9511bf85cd4cf2fb0a9b7e9a3146bff274ddf9be66c22].