# Articles TLDR Web Dev 30-06-2023

Harvard University plans to use an AI chatbot similar to ChatGPT as an
instructor for its flagship coding course.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2bcb5e06-171b-11ee-86b3-8336b5f63c94&pt=campaign&t=1688123036&s=d23b8bfbc8e4f102f403edd76216599b304faf306d0166c1157d5ae14a275a2d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/soc-2-in-2-weeks?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-30

SOC 2 IN 2 WEEKS ‚Äî SEE IF YOU QUALIFY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/soc-2-in-2-weeks?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

Get your SOC 2 compliance out of the way by the end of your next
sprint!
Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/soc-2-in-2-weeks?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
is running a pilot for select companies, where Vanta‚Äôs compliance
experts will work closely with you to get your SOC 2 Type I in just 2
weeks.

Companies that qualify to participate will get a SOC 2 Type I report
that will last for a year
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/soc-2-in-2-weeks?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=newsletter].
This can help you close more deals, hit your revenue targets, and
start laying a foundation of security best practices.

Learn more and see if you qualify
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/soc-2-in-2-weeks?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
‚ÜóÔ∏è

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

ARCHITECTURE OF AN EARLY-STAGE SAAS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.feelback.dev/blog/feelback-saas-launch-architecture/]

The blog post details the design principles, tradeoffs, and tricks
used to build, deploy, and run Feelback, an API-centric SAAS platform
for collecting user signals. The API-centric platform, hosted on Fly,
is designed around simplicity, low maintenance, and
cost-effectiveness, with a backend composed of an API, a Worker for
scheduled jobs, and a PostgreSQL database. 

STRUCTURES IN C: FROM BASICS TO MEMORY ALIGNMENT (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://abstractexpr.com/2023/06/29/structures-in-c-from-basics-to-memory-alignment/]

Structures, or structs, allow us to combine several variables to
create a new data type. Some other languages support the same concept
but call it ‚Äúrecords‚Äù. If you come from object-oriented
programming, you can think about them as classes without methods. C
and C++ are commonly used for backend infrastructure in supporting web
services, where structs are a valuable tool. This article is a deep
dive on structs, starting with the basics and going deep into their
attributes, memory management, and more. 

BUILD YOUR OWN DISCORD/SLACK BOT USING SUPABASE AND OPENAI'S GPT TO
HELP SUPPORT TEAMS (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.windmill.dev/blog/knowledge-base-discord-bot]

This tutorial teaches readers how to create a bot that answers
questions about technical documentation leveraging Windmill, OpenAI,
and Supabase, with an approval step. Supabase is used to store
embeddings, OpenAI is used for GPT access, and Windmill is used to
create a scheduled flow that ingests your data and converts them to
embeddings. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BUILDING BOBA AI (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/building-boba.html]

Boba is an experimental AI co-pilot for product strategy & generative
ideation designed to augment the creative ideation process. The
creators learned some useful lessons on how to build these kinds of
applications while developing Boba that they have formulated into
patterns. These patterns allow applications to help users interact
more effectively with Large Language Models (LLM), orchestrate prompts
to gain better results, navigate a path of an intricate conversational
flow, and integrate knowledge that the LLM doesn't have available. 

BLAMELESS POST MORTEMS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/calebmellas_softwareengineering-startups-softskills-activity-7079073318212890624-HUmQ/]

Creating a culture where specific engineers are blamed for an outage
will result in engineers not reporting potential problems. The
solution to this is blameless post mortems. Blameless post mortems
assume that everyone involved in an incident acted with their best
intentions, based on the information they had at the time. This
promotes a healthy engineering culture and motivates people to take on
risky problems that otherwise would not be solved. 

YES, IT‚ÄôS POSSIBLE TO BE TOO GOOD AT YOUR JOB (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.atlassian.com/blog/productivity/when-youre-too-good-at-your-job/amp]

Performing well at work is supposed to earn you recognition and
opportunity for growth. But in some cases, overachieving can actually
hurt your career. This article will help you to assess if you fit into
this category and offer valuable solutions. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

EMBER.JS 5.0 IS HERE! (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.emberjs.com/ember-5-0-released/]

This post covers EmberJS‚Äôs release strategy, how to upgrade, what to
expect, and deprecated APIs that were removed. 

GPT-CODE-SEARCH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/wolfia-app/gpt-code-search]

gpt-code-search is a tool that enables you to search your codebase
with natural language. It utilizes OpenAI's function calling to
retrieve, search, and answer queries about your code, boosting
productivity and code understanding. 

DEVPOD (WEBSITE) [https://devpod.sh/]

DevPod is a tool used to create reproducible developer environments,
similar to GitHub Codespaces. Each developer environment is specified
through a JSON file and runs in a separate container. DevPod providers
can create these containers on a local computer, any reachable remote
machine, or in a public or private cloud. It's also possible to extend
DevPod and write your own custom providers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HARVARD‚ÄôS NEW COMPUTER SCIENCE TEACHER IS A CHATBOT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.independent.co.uk/tech/harvard-chatbot-teacher-computer-science-b2363114.html]

Harvard University plans to use an AI chatbot similar to ChatGPT as an
instructor for its flagship coding course. Students enrolled in the
Computer Science 50: Introduction to Computer Science (CS50) program
will be encouraged to use the AI tool when classes begin in September.
The AI teacher will likely be based on OpenAI‚Äôs GPT 3.5 or GPT 4
models, according to course instructors. 

MARKET MAP AND ANALYSIS: GEN AI BUSINESS PRODUCTIVITY COMPANIES (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://alexsandu.substack.com/p/market-map-and-analysis-gen-ai-business]

This article discusses the role of generative AI in enhancing
enterprise productivity, categorizing companies into AI Meeting
Assistants, Business Knowledge Base Platforms, and Application
Building Tools. It also shows details like valuation, what the tool
does, and their target audience. 

HOW AI INFLUENCES WHAT YOU SEE ON FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://about.fb.com/news/2023/06/how-ai-ranks-content-on-facebook-and-instagram/]

To enhance transparency, Meta is releasing 22 system cards that
explain how their AI systems work and how users can customize their
experience. Meta is also launching new tools for researchers,
including the Meta Content Library and API, to promote open research
and innovation in AI technologies. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OPEN STANDARDS, TRUST, AND GOOGLE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cassidoo.co/post/open-standards-are-good/]

Google recently sold off Google Domains to Squarespace. This raises
concerns about how much we should trust companies to keep providing
products and services we enjoy using. Read on to hear one
developer‚Äôs reflection on how this affects us and the work we do. 

VALVE IS NOT WILLING TO PUBLISH GAMES WITH AI GENERATED CONTENT
ANYMORE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://old.reddit.com/r/aigamedev/comments/142j3yt/valve_is_not_willing_to_publish_games_with_ai/]

Valve is not willing to publish games with AI generated content due to
intellectual property copyright laws. 

FIGMA CONFIG 2023: THE FUTURE OF RESPONSIVE DESIGN (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/argyleink/status/1673732856395472897]

A breakdown of ‚ÄúThe Future of Responsive Design,‚Äù a talk given at
Config 2023. 

WHAT ARE DEPLOYMENT PATTERNS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/what-are-deployment-patterns]

Learn about what deployment patterns are, how to implement them, and
how to determine which pattern to use. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2bcb5e06-171b-11ee-86b3-8336b5f63c94&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688122821&t=1688123036&s=b5ce2c7a4371c8979b2a95dec34aada4ab228ad95cd656c54b30a159e244c769].