# Articles TLDR Web Dev 29-05-2023

PayPal has open-sourced JunoDB, a highly scalable NoSQL database that
they built internally¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2b5a20e4-fdec-11ed-8f1e-f5ac124c59f3&pt=campaign&t=1685358558&s=0512d58b4566dbd9b8cc57c61efe118c577e991265844dac7a0bb7d87d0c2b67]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-29

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW PAYPAL BUILT A DATABASE THAT SERVES 350 BILLION REQUESTS PER DAY
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/paypal-built-database-serves-350-billion-requests-per-day]


PayPal has open-sourced JunoDB, a highly scalable NoSQL database that
they built internally. It uses RocksDB as the underlying storage
engine and serves 350 billion requests daily while maintaining 6 nines
of availability (less than 3 seconds of downtime per month). JunoDB is
a distributed key-value store that is used by nearly every core
backend service at PayPal. This article delves into the architecture
of JunoDB and the choices PayPal made. 

GIT MERGE ‚Äì THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-definitive-guide-to-git-merge/]


This post helps readers understand `git merge`, one of the most common
operations performed in Git repositories. Merging is the process of
combining recent changes from several branches into a single new
commit that will be on all those branches. The article covers basic
merging, resolving merge conflicts, and Git‚Äôs 3-way merge algorithm.


DESIGN AND NAVIGATION CONSIDERATIONS WHEN BUILDING MULTI-PLATFORM
APPLICATIONS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://platform.uno/blog/design-and-navigation-considerations-when-building-multi-platform-applications/]


In today‚Äôs world, it is essential for any application to be
accessible across multiple platforms to reach a wider audience.
However, building a multi-platform application leads to some unique
design and navigation considerations. This blog post discusses the key
factors developers should keep in mind while building a multi-platform
application, such as responsive design and navigation components. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

FINDING YOUR WEAK SPOTS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://jamesdunne.dev/posts/weak-spots/] 

Finding your weak spots as a developer, leader, or in general can be
difficult. There are various ways to identify your weaknesses, like
taking on a ‚Äústretch‚Äù project, accepting code reviews, giving code
reviews, and more. When identifying your weaknesses, it‚Äôs important
to decide which ones will change your game if you work at it and
improve them. Generally, the only way to improve weaknesses is through
consistent and effortful practice. 

SCAR TISSUES MAKE RELATIONSHIPS WEAR OUT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://gist.github.com/gtallen1187/27a585fcf36d6e657db2] 

This is a short transcript of a talk given by Professor John
Ousterhout at Stanford. He talks about how it is really hard to build
relationships that last for a long time. Professional relationships
don‚Äôt last long because of ‚Äúscar tissue‚Äù that builds up over
time. In non-professional relationships, usually you can sit down and
talk about things to prevent this build up, but in professional
relationships, that opportunity usually doesn‚Äôt come around. 

WHY I LEFT RUST (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jntrnr.com/why-i-left-rust/] 

A key member of the Rust team left the team recently because he felt
that the Rust team disrespected and disgraced an expert in the field.
He believes there should be accountability for the actions taken. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

JAVY (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/bytecodealliance/javy] 

Javy allows developers to run JavaScript on WebAssembly. It takes
JavaScript code and executes it in a WebAssembly embedded JavaScript
runtime. Javy can create very small Wasm modules in the 1 to 16 KB
range with use of dynamic linking. The default static linking produces
modules that are at least 869 KB in size. 

VUE VINE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/vue-vine/vue-vine] 

Vue Vine is another style of writing Vue components. It was designed
to provide more flexibility in managing Vue components. 

JOSHUTO (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/kamiyaa/joshuto] 

Joshuto is a ranger-like terminal file manager written in Rust. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MAKING $10K A MONTH FROM A FRENCH LEARNING APP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.highsignal.io/companies/making-10k-m-french-learning-app/]


Benjamin Houy is the founder of French Together, an app which teaches
you useful French in 15 minutes per day. He taught himself to code and
built out the app himself. In this article, he lays out his tips for
entrepreneurs and shows how he hit $10k a month in revenue. 

LUA: THE LITTLE LANGUAGE THAT COULD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt.blwt.io/post/lua-the-little-language-that-could/] 

Lua is a ‚Äúlittle language,‚Äù designed to have low cognitive load
and be easy to learn and use. It‚Äôs embedded in a lot of software,
such as Redis, NGINX via OpenResty, and Wireshark. It‚Äôs also used as
a scripting language in games such as World of Warcraft and Roblox via
Luau. 

EXTRACTING GAMEBOY ROMS FROM PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE DIE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/travisgoodspeed/gbrom-tutorial] 

This tutorial goes over mask ROM recovery, in which someone takes
photographs of the ROM of a Nintendo GameBoy and ends up with an
actual ROM file that can be played through emulators. He goes through
how he photographs the ROM, extracts the bits from the photograph,
recognizes the bits, and fixes mistakes. He even provides a CLI to
automate various tasks and has tips on decoding the ROM file. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LET US SERVE YOU, BUT DON‚ÄôT BRING US DOWN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.archive.org/2023/05/29/let-us-serve-you-but-dont-bring-us-down/]


On Sunday, tens of thousands of requests per second for
archive.org‚Äôs OCR files were launched from 64 virtual hosts on
Amazon‚Äôs AWS services. The engineers worked hard on that Sunday
afternoon to block those IP addresses and get the crashed archive.org
back up. 

STATE OF NODE.JS PERFORMANCE 2023 (26 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.rafaelgss.dev/state-of-nodejs-performance-2023] 

Node.js 20 boasts significant improvements in performance compared to
previous versions. Notable enhancements have been observed in
JavaScript operations such as property access, URL parsing,
buffers/text encoding and decoding, startup/process lifecycle time,
and EventTarget, among others. This article compares performance
between Node v16, v18, and v20. 

WEBXR (WEBSITE) [https://immersiveweb.dev/] 

The WebXR Device API provides access to input (pose information from
headset and controllers) and output (hardware display) capabilities
commonly associated with Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality
(AR) devices. It allows you to develop and host VR and AR experiences
on the web. 

5 KEY TIPS TO BOOST YOUR REACTJS PERFORMANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/bakardev/5-key-tips-to-boost-your-reactjs-performance-15i3]


Some key tips to boost the performance of React apps, such as using
React.memo and PureComponents. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2b5a20e4-fdec-11ed-8f1e-f5ac124c59f3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685358020&t=1685358558&s=7fcf79524269b8733f52d9db740de2683b607c02e50d30b9bf54163e91e6c0cb].


¬†