# Articles TLDR Web Dev 02-08-2023

React Server Components individually fetch data and render entirely on
the server¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=312b1554-310a-11ee-9a5b-bd60e1444c20&pt=campaign&t=1690974257&s=8eaa701926c8987af8b5b609780d5bf93c7b7d153317863759ff53252f9c828a]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-02

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

UNDERSTANDING REACT SERVER COMPONENTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/understanding-react-server-components?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

React Server Components (RSCs) individually fetch data and render
entirely on the server, streaming the resulting HTML into the
client-side React component tree and interleaving with other Server
and Client Components as necessary. This process eliminates the need
for client-side re-rendering, thereby improving performance. When an
RSC needs to be re-rendered, due to state change, it refreshes on the
server and seamlessly merges into the existing DOM without a hard
refresh. 

HOW TO PERFORM TYPE CASTING IN TYPESCRIPT (7 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-perform-type-casting-typescript/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a comprehensive and advanced guide to TypeScript type casting.
It covers the problems and limitations with using the ‚Äòas‚Äô keyword
to type cast and how to go about solving these problems with code
examples. The guide also explains foundational concepts like subtype
and supertypes, type widening/narrowing, and how the satisfies
operator works. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO BECOME A STAFF-LEVEL ENGINEER AT BIG TECH (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/how-to-become-a-staff-level-engineer?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Staff Software Engineer at Meta details his tips to grow fast
throughout the levels. He breaks down what each level does, what the
role of the staff engineer is, and the uniqueness of Meta‚Äôs
engineering culture. 

BAD CODE STALLS DEVELOPER VELOCITY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/bad-code-stalls-developer-velocity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Without standards for code quality, and with mounting pressure to
complete the project at hand, it can be easier to let bad code linger
in the codebase for the sake of speed. But that approach is ultimately
self-defeating. It slows down the entire development cycle while also
hurting product quality and creating security issues. Instead,
embracing a Clean as You Code approach is the best way for development
teams to deliver quality, bug-free code while still moving swiftly. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

‚òÅÔ∏è¬†IS THE CLOUD DELIVERING ON ITS PROMISE? WITH DOIT, IT WILL
(SPONSOR)
[http://doit.com?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=august]

Imagine having a direct line to over 150 senior cloud architects
[http://doit.com?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=august]
for any cloud-related question or issue you encounter. With thousands
of cloud questions and issues resolved, DoiT
[http://doit.com?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=august]
is your gateway to world-class cloud expertise.
‚úîÔ∏è¬†Certified AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure partners.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Trusted by WiX, JFrog, and thousands of digital natives.

Explore DoiT‚Äôs full suite of products and services
[http://doit.com?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=august]

IMESSAGE-EXPORTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ReagentX/imessage-exporter?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

imessage-exporter provides both a library to interact with iMessage
data as well as a binary that can perform some useful read-only
operations using that data. It supports multi-part messages,
replies/threads, attachments, expressives, and more. 

BASARAN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hyperonym/basaran?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Basaran is an open-source alternative to the OpenAI text completion
API. It provides a compatible streaming API for your Hugging Face
Transformers-based text generation models. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PIXAR, ADOBE, APPLE, AUTODESK, AND NVIDIA FORM ALLIANCE FOR OPENUSD TO
DRIVE OPEN STANDARDS FOR 3D CONTENT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2023/08/pixar-adobe-apple-autodesk-and-nvidia-form-alliance-for-openusd/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Pixar, Adobe, Apple, Autodesk, and NVIDIA, together with the Joint
Development Foundation, an affiliate of the Linux Foundation, today
announced the Alliance for OpenUSD to promote the standardization,
development, evolution, and growth of Pixar‚Äôs Universal Scene
Description technology. The alliance seeks to standardize the 3D
ecosystem by advancing the capabilities of Open Universal Scene
Description. By promoting greater interoperability of 3D tools and
data, the alliance will enable developers and content creators to
describe, compose, and simulate large-scale 3D projects and build an
ever-widening range of 3D-enabled products and services. 

WHAT IS GOOD FREE-TO-PAID CONVERSION? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/lenny/p/what-is-a-good-free-to-paid-conversion?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article establishes a baseline for a good free-to-paid conversion
rate for different types of products. For a freemium self-serve
product, a good conversion rate is 3-5% and a great rate is 6-8%,
while for a freemium product with a sales-assist motion, a good
conversion rate is 5-7% and a great rate is 10-15%. Products that
offer a free trial have higher conversion rates on average, with 8-12%
being good and 15-25% being great. The article explains why
conversation rates differ for different models and customer base and
shows tips for how you can increase the conversation rate for your
site. 

HOW WE BUILT BETTER GENAI WITH PROGRAMMATIC DATA DEVELOPMENT (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://snorkel.ai/how-we-built-better-genai-with-programmatic-data-development/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Snorkel AI used weak supervision to programmatically curate an open
source prompt/responses dataset with a 24% increase in response
win-rate against ChatGPT. Because the curation was done
programmatically, it could be done by two devs in one day as opposed
to hundreds of annotators over the course of weeks/months. This
article details the problem with manual annotations and the techniques
used for dataset filtering and evaluation in a scalable way. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SEVEN THINGS I WISH I KNEW WHEN I STARTED AS A SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.scottlogic.com/2023/07/21/seven-things-i-wish-i-knew-when-i-started-as-a-software-developer.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A software developer goes over things that she wishes she knew when
she started. 

I MADE A SITE LEVERAGING AI: HOW ACCESSIBLE WAS IT? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/steady5063/i-made-a-site-leveraging-ai-how-accessible-was-it-4dam?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

AI is still lacking in its ability to make websites accessible. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=312b1554-310a-11ee-9a5b-bd60e1444c20&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690974019&t=1690974257&s=ce5d85590a3a9b517242c88a7b3da41a0a0346596d88c6165b3373baa79877d4].

¬†