# Articles TLDR Web Dev 07-09-2023

Code coverage is a metric that measures the percentage of source code
your tests execute¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e6b075f2-4d54-11ee-a91e-758c42828e79&pt=campaign&t=1694084661&s=b5f3f8e19f613f3db127e71f43db51318277f921de68e47f270771cc00ef1239]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Segment]
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-07

SEGMENT FOR FREE? YES PLEASE! CHECK IF YOU‚ÄôRE ELIGIBLE (SPONSOR)
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev]


If you‚Äôve ever had to deal with customer data, you‚Äôve probably run
into Segment
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev].
You might know that Segment‚Ä¶
üôå simplifies tracking (client and server-side), so you don‚Äôt need
to log every event with 8 different tools

üí™¬†empowers marketing to install tools without bugging a developer
(crazy we know)

‚õΩ pumps data from various tools into others (e.g., Intercom ‚áí
Mixpanel)

‚Ä¶.but what you probably DON‚ÄôT know is that if you‚Äôre an early
stage startup, you can get Segment for free
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev].

Yep, you read that right. The ultimate analytics setup, free, for up
to two years. And there‚Äôs loads of other perks
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev].

Why are you still reading this? Go check if you‚Äôre eligible
[https://segment.com/learn/industry/startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=TLDR&prefill_Segment%20Code=September-2023-WebDev]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

MY NODE.JS IS A BIT RUSTY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://gal.hagever.com/posts/my-node-js-is-a-bit-rusty?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This is a story about how replacing an internal Node.js module with a
native Rust module led to a 25x performance boost. It goes into detail
about the approaches the team took to rewrite the module, which parses
a large number of TSV files. This led the team to realize that the
garbage collector in Node.js made this performance problem very hard
to solve, while a native Rust module was able to perform the
operations more efficiently due to its memory management mechanism. 

FOUR COMMON TYPES OF CODE COVERAGE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/ta-code-coverage/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Code coverage is a metric that measures the percentage of source code
your tests execute. It helps you identify areas that may lack proper
testing. This article is a deep dive into the importance of code
coverage in tests and four common ways to measure it: function
coverage, line coverage, branch coverage, and statement coverage. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BUILDING FOR THE ‚Äú99% DEVELOPERS‚Äù (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.postman.com/building-for-the-99-developers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A founder of a developer tools startup talks about the underserved
need in developer tooling - building for ‚Äú99% developers‚Äù. These
are developers getting work done outside of the popular startups or
the big FAANGs, developers who often get neglected in conversations
about ‚Äúwhat developers want‚Äù. One reason this happens is because a
disproportionate amount of writing and tooling comes from the big
companies and high growth startups, but the reality is that most SMBs
or typical Fortune 500 companies face very different challenges,
including scaling needs, stance on building vs buying, and the makeup
of their engineering teams. The article debunks myths and realities of
the developer tools landscape and provides thoughts on how to close
this gap. 

TAILWIND CSS? I‚ÄôLL PASS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/tailwindcss-ill-pass?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Tailwind CSS stands out as the fastest-growing CSS library to date. It
has swiftly become an essential tool for front-end developers.
However, Tailwind CSS should be reserved for extensive, intricate
projects undertaken by developers and companies. For shorter projects,
it's advisable to adhere to conventional CSS. This prevents your CSS
skills from weakening and stops you from becoming overly reliant on
shortcut frameworks. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

RECIPEUI (WEBSITE) [https://recipeui.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

RecipeUI is an open source Postman alternative with type safety built
in. It helps you catch your API requests before they fail with
TypeScript and autocomplete. RecipeUI can also enhance your workflows
with auto-generated docs and reusable API templates. 

NEBOA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aerotoad/neboa?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Neboa is a simple yet powerful type-safe NoSQL database library for
Node.js. It offers seamless data management with compile-time
type-checking for enhanced reliability. Leveraging SQLite, Neboa
ensures efficient and lightweight performance, making it perfect for
Electron and other platforms. 

TEXTBASE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cofactoryai/textbase?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A simple framework for building AI chatbots in Python. All you need is
to implement an on_message function and everything else just works. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO WIN YOUR FIRST 10 B2B CUSTOMERS (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/lenny/p/how-to-win-your-first-10-b2b-customers?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article presents seven strategies for winning your first 10 B2B
customers, drawing inspiration from an array of successful B2B
startups like Notion, Slack, Retool, and Canva. A majority of the
startups this article looked into used personal or investor networks.
Cold outreach also proved to work for those who are creative and
strategic. Community, online following, and press are not as widely
used. The article goes into detail about each of the strategies as
well as how to adopt them. 

FINDING USERS FOR YOUR PROJECT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://opensource.guide/finding-users/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

There are a few actionable steps to finding users for your open source
project. First, you need to spread the word. Then, figure out your
message. Help people find and follow your project. Lastly, go to where
your users are, both offline and online, and build a reputation
amongst them. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEFAULT COMPOSER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aralroca/default-composer?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A tiny (~500B) JavaScript library that allows you to set default
values for nested objects. 

HOW TO PASS A COMPONENT AS A PROP IN REACT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.totaltypescript.com/pass-component-as-prop-react] 

To pass a component as a prop in React, you can use JSX, a component,
native tags, and more. 

NEW OPEN-SOURCE ‚ÄúFALCON‚Äù AI LANGUAGES MODEL OVERTAKES META AND
GOOGLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/155209/falcon-large-language-model-llm-ai-training-data-set?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Meta's massive 70-billion parameter LLaMA 2 has been outflanked by the
newly released 180-billion parameter Falcon Large Language Model. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e6b075f2-4d54-11ee-a91e-758c42828e79&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694084434&t=1694084661&s=4ffdd42c87c69300ddf6f80bbb00d591ed0ee232fb115c4999d5642ae85e17d4].

¬†