# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-04-2023

Tailwind UI introduces one of their biggest updates yet, with a
redesign of hundreds of components.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=77f42bd6-e328-11ed-a220-37913c14c788&pt=campaign&t=1682420843&s=ea157a49784568038c6f274b04f42e7a8be0af4b64608ade4a1096ef1e371048]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [InfraCopilot]
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-25

INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERS JUST GOT THEIR OWN COPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]


Finding the right cloud architecture for your use case takes time and
research. Get to production faster with InfraCopilot
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]
‚Äî an intelligent IaC editor that converts high-level descriptions
into reliable implementations.

	*
Describe your use case and let InfraCopilot fill in the details
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]
and create a reference architecture.

	*
Rearchitect with confidence - InfraCopilot will adjust components and
designs based on your changes.

	*
Export a deployable version of your architecture
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]
in two clicks (Terraform, Pulumi, CDK).

	*
Free text + visual editing.

	*
Sync with GitHub.

InfraCopilot is free (for now). Try it
[https://infracopilot.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

TAILWIND UI‚ÄôS BIGGEST UPDATE EVER + A FREE NEW CHANGELOG TEMPLATE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://tailwindcss.com/blog/2023-04-24-new-changelog-template-and-the-biggest-tailwind-ui-update-ever]


Tailwind UI introduces one of their biggest updates yet, with a
redesign of hundreds of components. They have also added new examples
and more dark variations. At the same time, they‚Äôve also released
Commit, a modern changelog template built with Tailwind CSS and
Next.js. 

BULLET TRAIN (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://bullettrain.co/] 

Bullet Train is an open-source Ruby on Rails SaaS framework designed
to speed up development since it comes with basic features common to
every SaaS, such as user authentication and real-time server-side
reactivity. 

CSS TO TAILWIND (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/hymhub/css-to-tailwind] 

CSS to Tailwind is an open-source tool that converts CSS code to
Tailwind CSS syntax instantly. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

QUALITY CULTURES ARE OFTEN PRODUCTS OF DEVELOPER DISOBEDIENCE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/quality-cultures-are-often-products-of-developer-disobedience-6422220d75f0?sk=0f2baa7f1e8e37b2a3d73086c28a46b6]


An engineering culture that promotes and emphasizes software quality
is rare. However, a ‚Äúquality culture‚Äù starts from the bottom, from
the engineers themselves. This is often at odds with the actual
culture of the organization or company. This article delves into how a
quality culture is built and how a developer can build one at his own
team, organization, or company. 

LEVERAGE THE RICHNESS OF HTTP STATUS CODES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.frankel.ch/leverage-richness-http-status-codes/] 

Many REST APIs stick to using basic status codes, such as 200, 404,
and 500. While many discussions about REST focus on entities and
methods, using the correct response status codes can make your API
stand out. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DEFINING SERVERLESS DATABASES AS A SERVICE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://redis.com/blog/serverless-databases-as-a-service/] 

Selecting the right cloud database for your application is a critical
and progressively more intricate decision as more database solutions
emerge. This article defines serverless databases as a service, which
eliminates the need for developers to manage database clusters, allows
control over scaling, and lets them perform analysis of resources. 

EXPLORING THE POTENTIAL OF WEB WORKERS FOR MULTITHREADING ON THE WEB
(17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/04/potential-web-workers-multithreading-web/]


There are many potential benefits of implementing multithreading on
the web, but it also comes with its fair share of challenges. This
article provides examples and recommendations for using multithreading
effectively to improve page loading times and user experience. 

THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ‚ÄúASSIGNMENT‚Äù AND ‚ÄúMUTATION‚Äù IN
JAVASCRIPT (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/javascript/the-const-deception/] 

The ‚Äòconst‚Äô keyword in JavaScript can be much more than what meets
the eye, especially when it comes to immutability. Sometimes, this
causes unexpected side effects in our code. This article takes a deep
dive into the differences between assignment and mutation in
JavaScript. 

NYLAS: A COMMUNICATIONS PLATFORM GIVING DEVELOPERS ACCESS TO EMAIL,
CALENDAR, AND CONTACTS PROVIDERS THROUGH A SINGLE API INTEGRATION
(SPONSOR)
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q1-TLDR-DevTools-DSU]


Users want seamless experiences. Give them what they‚Äôre after and
accelerate product velocity with Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q1-TLDR-DevTools-DSU]:
A single API platform to connect to your users‚Äô emails, calendars,
and contacts. Build customizable email and scheduling capabilities,
engage users, and create remarkable personalized experiences. Nylas is
trusted by Wix, Upwork, and 250,000+ developers worldwide.
Start building with the free-forever tier (no CC required)
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q1-TLDR-DevTools-DSU]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AMAZON‚ÄôS QUIET OPEN SOURCE REVOLUTION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3694090/amazon-s-quiet-open-source-revolution.html]


Amazon has previously been reluctant to contribute to open-source,
having been considered to take more from open-source than give.
However, that has changed recently, as Amazon seems to now be
contributing much more to open-source projects. For example, the
PostgreSQL committer page is filled with AWS employees today. 

BUILDING A NEW PLATFORM FOR SNOWFLAKE DOCUMENTATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/snowflake/building-a-new-platform-for-snowflake-documentation-part-i-f655acdadc34]


The team at Snowflake recently built a new documentation site. The
site both restructured how information is organized and enhanced the
user experience, leading to positive feedback. They lay out the
challenges and solutions they faced while building out this new
platform. 

HOW TO CONDUCT AN EFFECTIVE DESIGN RETROSPECTIVE (10 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/ux-design/conduct-effective-design-retrospective/]


Conducting a successful retrospective where many changes have been
made can be tricky, especially when multiple parties are involved.
This blog post walks through how to conduct an effective design
retrospective, what tools and processes to use, and how to make
everyone feel heard. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE AUTHENTICATOR NOW SUPPORTS GOOGLE ACCOUNT SYNCHRONIZATION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://security.googleblog.com/2023/04/google-authenticator-now-supports.html]


Google Authenticator now has the ability to safely backup your
one-time codes (also known as one-time passwords or OTPs) to your
Google Account. 

‚ÄòDELETE ACT‚Äô SEEKS TO GIVE CALIFORNIANS MORE POWER TO BLOCK DATA
TRACKING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.kqed.org/news/11947039/delete-act-seeks-to-give-californians-more-power-to-block-data-tracking]


The ‚ÄòDelete Act‚Äô is a new California bill proposed that will let
Californians who want to control access to their personal information
to be able to hit the ‚Äúdelete‚Äù button when it comes to a data
broker‚Äôs ability to collect and maintain information on them. 

HOW GOOGLE IS USING FONTS TO TRACK WHAT YOU DO ONLINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-11970491/Google-using-FONTS-track-online-it.html]


Google‚Äôs free fonts are used by at least 60 million websites. Each
font helps gather user information for Google whenever a website uses
it. 

DEVELOPER CREATES ‚ÄúREGENERATIVE‚Äù AI PROGRAM THAT FIXES BUGS ON THE
FLY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/04/developer-creates-self-healing-programs-that-fix-themselves-thanks-to-gpt-4/]


A program nicknamed ‚ÄúWolverine‚Äù can fix Python bugs at runtime and
re-run the code until it works successfully. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=77f42bd6-e328-11ed-a220-37913c14c788&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682420419&t=1682420843&s=3c9450623374d56c44562def25dbea98690bc0e24bafb0317e8b33c5b012cdb5].


¬†