# Articles TLDR Web Dev 21-09-2023

Svelte is a web UI framework that uses a compiler to turn declarative
component code into tightly optimized JavaScript¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=18df95c2-5862-11ee-a1f4-b91734e2546a&pt=campaign&t=1695294274&s=bc88d7afb879ef9d7bdef92d062b874db3c2164ad5788801174ec7fcfc65970c]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Tricentis]
[https://app.testim.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-09&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-21

TESTIM: MODERNIZE TEST AUTOMATION WITH AI (SPONSOR)
[https://app.testim.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-09&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

UI and functional testing is hard. AI can make it easier.
Tricentis Testim
[https://app.testim.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-09&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]
is the first AI-driven, self-improving testing platform.

Why should you care?

Because with Testim, you can...

	* AUTHOR TESTS QUICKLY to increase test coverage and quality across
your application.
	* ELIMINATE FLAKY TESTS that eat resources with self-improving,
AI-powered stabilizers
	* DIAGNOSE FAILED TESTS to pinpoint root causes faster
	* SCALE TESTING OPS with control, management, and insights

SIGN UP FOR A FREE 14-DAY TESTIM TRIAL NOW!
[https://app.testim.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-09&utm_content=tldrnewsletter#/signup]

Learn more about Testim
[https://app.testim.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-09&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

Run parallel, cross-browser tests on the Testim test cloud or
Selenium-compatible grids. Run mobile tests on physical or virtual
devices.

Integrate with your CI and dev tools to run smoke tests on pull
requests, end-to-end tests on release candidates, or full regression
suites on a schedule.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

INTRODUCING RUNES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://svelte.dev/blog/runes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Svelte is a web UI framework that uses a compiler to turn declarative
component code into tightly optimized JavaScript that updates the
document when state changes. In this article, Svelte talks about a
future feature for the framework called ‚Äúrunes,‚Äù which are symbols
that influence the Svelte compiler. Runes adds runtime reactivity to
Svelte.

GET ALL THAT NETWORK ACTIVITY UNDER CONTROL WITH PRIORITY HINTS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macarthur.me/posts/priority-hints?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There‚Äôs a lot of activity going on in a browser‚Äôs network tab. The
browser is very good at prioritizing resource requests, but not always
great. For example, a payment request should have higher priority over
an analytics request, but the browser has no way of knowing this
priority without explicit specification. Priority hints can be used to
provide explicit instructions to decide which requests to favor over
others when resources are limited. This article looks at how and when
to use four different types of priority hints.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

TRACING: STRUCTURED LOGGING, BUT BETTER IN EVERY WAY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://andydote.co.uk/2023/09/19/tracing-is-better/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

It‚Äôs better to do tracing instead of logging. Tracing is more
sophisticated than logging and it allows developers to have a better
end-to-end view of a system. They allow for a better developer
experience and better insights.

HOW TO DO A SUCCESSFUL HACKER NEWS LAUNCH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://lucasfcosta.com/2023/08/21/hn-launch.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article presents ten tips on creating a successful product launch
on Hacker News. Although some tips are Hacker News-specific, such as
adding specific prefixes to titles, most tips are relevant for
creating product launch posts in general. There are many examples of
how to word your post to reach your audience effectively, what exactly
to write about, and what to avoid.

RECRUITERS WARN AGAINST OVERUSE OF AI TOOLS SUCH AS CHATGPT TO WRITE
RESUMES (4 MINUTE READ) [https://amp.abc.net.au/article/102852212]

Jobseekers are using artificial intelligence tools to write resumes
and cover letters. Recruiters are urging applicants to avoid this or
else risk missing out on their dream role.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

WEBKIT FEATURES IN SAFARI 17.0 (39 MINUTE READ)
[https://webkit.org/blog/14445/webkit-features-in-safari-17-0/]

Safari 17.0 is now available for both iOS 17 and iPadOS 17. It will be
released to macOS on Sep 26th. The update introduces several new
features, such as support for a search element, built-in popover
attribute support for overlays and tooltips, new CSS features,
Javascript APIs like storage, offscreen canvas, and support for JPEG
XL.

ADA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ada-url/ada?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Ada is a fast and spec-compliant URL parser written in C++. It is a
magnitude faster than competitors like CURL.

NUEJS (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/nuejs/nuejs]

An exceptionally small (2.3kb minzipped) alternative to React, Vue,
and Svelte for building UI with cleaner code.

NEXT.JS 13.5 (4 MINUTE READ) [https://nextjs.org/blog/next-13-5]

Next.js 13.5 introduces several improvements that enhance local dev
performance and reliability

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

DON‚ÄôT CROSS THE BEAMS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/tidyfirst/p/dont-cross-the-beams?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

One of the challenges of refactoring is succession, or how to slice
the work of refactoring into safe steps and how to order those steps.
The two factors complicating succession in refactoring are efficiency
and uncertainty. It‚Äôs important to stay focused during refactorings
as a loss of focus can increase uncertainty and reduce efficiency.
Furthermore, it‚Äôs important to take safe steps forward as
refactoring continues, as it can quickly become a mess if not planned
out properly.

LANGUAGE MODEL UXES IN 2027 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://vishnumenon.com/lightrail/2023/09/17/AI-Interfaces.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The future of large language model user experience might not look like
ChatGPT. Instead, LLMs will be more integrated into current
applications and into our entire digital lives. They will have
long-term memory across uses, access to more of our data, more privacy
controls, and possibly run fully offline.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO REMOVE ALL EVENT LISTENERS FROM A DOM ELEMENT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.stefanjudis.com/snippets/how-to-remove-all-event-listeners-from-a-dom-element/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A nuclear option to remove all existing event listeners on a DOM
element by replacing the element with a copy of itself.

HARLEQUIN (WEBSITE) [https://harlequin.sh/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A drop-in replacement for the DuckDB CLI.

STRADA (WEBSITE) [https://strada.hotwired.dev/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Strada enables you to create fully native controls in your hybrid
mobile apps. Build web components and native components that work
together in WebView screens to elevate your Turbo Native apps to the
next level.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=18df95c2-5862-11ee-a1f4-b91734e2546a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695294020&t=1695294274&s=4afe8f00f01d5830a6c7ae8bf4f4baf09aeac6d91f3a9bb3569e445003a89a37].