# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-09-2023

Build performance is the time it takes to build your application¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=24f78ef6-5c44-11ee-9d43-cd8c2adc3e0a&pt=campaign&t=1695726234&s=53f2d4012cb3887bf315f867c2cf48085758b49a769fce86d056123646552820]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Datadog]
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-testing-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-testing-best-practices]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-26

FRONTEND TESTING (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-testing-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-testing-best-practices]

Do you have a plan for building test suites that provide appropriate
coverage, and are easy to implement?
Learn how to efficiently create, maintain, and run reliable frontend
tests using Datadog
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-testing-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-testing-best-practices]:

	* Creating and maintaining end-to-end frontend tests
	* Testing on-premise applications with synthetic private locations
	* Incorporating synthetic tests into your CI/CD pipeline
	* Testing internal applications with Datadog‚Äôs testing tunnel
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-testing-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-testing-best-practices]
and private locations

Download the guide from Datadog (free)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-testing-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-testing-best-practices]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

OPTIMIZING BUILD PERFORMANCE IN NEXT.JS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/optimizing-build-performance-next-js/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Build performance is the time it takes to build your application. A
faster build time lets you iterate faster and deliver your app to
customers quicker. This article provides a nice checklist of things to
do to optimize build performance. It also gives an overview of
techniques and tools you can use to improve the critical rendering
path, which is important to a web app‚Äôs initial load time and
perceived performance.

BUN VS NODE.JS: EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/bun-vs-node-js?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article provides a detailed comparison of Bun vs Node.js, from
low level runtime engine to web APIs to package manager and more.
Overall, Bun has wide support for many JavaScript use cases and it‚Äôs
faster than Node.js. For example, hot reloading is better with Bun
than with Node.js because Node.js methods sometimes require a full
process restart.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

5 RULES THAT WILL DRIVE A LONG, HEALTHY CAREER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://theskip.substack.com/p/5-rules-that-will-drive-a-long-healthy?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article, written by a VP of Product at Meta, gives sage advice on
how to have a great career. For example, people must think long-term
when making a change, ensuring each career transition is career
additive. Developers must also find a strength area and try to build a
superpower in it as developing a specialty makes one more valuable.

TEXT EDITING ON MOBILE: THE INVISIBLE PROBLEM (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://jenson.org/text/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Android and iOS share a common problem: they copied desktop text
editing conventions, but without a menu bar or mouse. This forced them
to overload the tap gesture with a wide range of actions: placing the
cursor, moving it, selecting text, and invoking a pop-up menu. This
results in overly complicated and ambiguous taps, leading to a variety
of user errors.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

API DEPENDENCIES KILL DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY. WIREMOCK IS THE SOLUTION
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]

The API dependencies in your code are growing exponentially:
Microservices, 3rd party APIs, internal tooling‚Ä¶
But when these APIs are inaccessible, incomplete, or flaky, everything
slows down¬†‚òπÔ∏è

The best teams don‚Äôt sit idle. They use WireMock Cloud
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]
(built on open-source WireMock):

‚ö°¬†Mock any 3rd party or internal API

‚ö°¬†Implement chaos engineering
[https://www.wiremock.io/post/introducing-wiremock-chaos-api-mocking-meets-chaos-engineering?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]
in one click

üÜï¬†Generate developer portals and OpenAPI specs from mocks

‚û°Ô∏è¬†Start WIreMocking on the Free Forever edition
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]

KITFORSTARTUPS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/okupter/kitforstartups?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

KitForStartups is an open-source SvelteKit SaaS boilerplate. It comes
with Typescript support, Tailwind CSS, and adapters for multiple
databases, like MySQL and PostgreSQL.

MINUM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/byronka/minum?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Minum is a minimalistic experimental Java web framework. It features
an in-memory database with disk persistence, server-side templating, a
logging framework, and more.

BIGCAPITAL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bigcapitalhq/bigcapital?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bigcapital is an intelligent cloud and open-source accounting software
for small and medium businesses.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO HIDE A $2 TRILLION ANTITRUST TRIAL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thebignewsletter.com/p/how-to-hide-a-2-trillion-antitrust?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google is currently going through an antitrust trial against the
United States government. Last week, over half of the trial was held
behind closed doors because the judge, Amit Mehta, is deferring to
Google on the need for secrecy. This means that the media isn‚Äôt able
to report on the trial as much as they did during Microsoft‚Äôs
antitrust trial 25 years ago.

THE STATE OF ASYNC RUST: RUNTIMES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://corrode.dev/blog/async/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Async Rust is not yet perfect. For example, libraries still need to be
written against individual runtimes, which means that async Rust code
needs to be written in a runtime-agnostic fashion. This makes the code
more verbose and forces it to handle more edge cases.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

YOU CAN NOW PROMPT CHATGPT WITH PICTURES AND VOICE COMMANDS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/25/23886699/chatgpt-pictures-voice-commands-ai-chatbot-openai?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

ChatGPT Plus users will soon be able to have voice conversations with
ChatGPT and show images to it.

JOHN CARMACK AND RICH SUTTON PARTNER TO ACCELERATE DEVELOPMENT OF
ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/09/25/2749057/0/en/John-Carmack-and-Rich-Sutton-partner-to-accelerate-development-of-Artificial-General-Intelligence.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Dr. Rich Sutton, a distinguished research scientist, has left DeepMind
to join John Carmack‚Äôs Keen Technologies in order to work on AGI.

PIXEL 8 LEAK PROMISES 7 YEARS OF OS UPDATES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/pixel-8-leak-promises-7-years-of-os-updates-even-more-than-an-iphone/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google has updated its policy of 3 years of OS updates to 7 years of
OS updates.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=24f78ef6-5c44-11ee-9d43-cd8c2adc3e0a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695726020&t=1695726234&s=8673a03847f56526c0aa4109a01648efb2684d0b7df03e9dc719545c2bc71178].