# Articles TLDR Web Dev 12-10-2023

Node.js and GraphQL exhibit specific challenges related to scalability
and performance.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=67423864-68ca-11ee-8b64-3d8052b018b1&pt=campaign&t=1697108818&s=e9961fca90bce9ec4d5cb19a02b2f3ab15bfa53d9a16142009678100a4436587]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Sentry]
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-12

 [https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]
üìÖ¬†WORKSHOP ON TUESDAY: USING DISTRIBUTED TRACING TO DEBUG ERRORS
FASTER (SPONSOR)
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]


 Debugging distributed systems is like chasing ghosts. How do you
pinpoint the issue when there are dozens of services involved?

In this 20-minute session + Q&A
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register],
the Sentry team will explain what distributed tracing is, and how it
how it helps you make sense of complex microservices architectures
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]
by revealing the order of operations and functions across all
projects.

Covered:

	* What is a trace
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]
and span
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]
	* How Span and Trace Context connects everything
	* Connecting different projects through the Trace ID
	* How to set up distributed tracing in Sentry
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]
	* How to interpret distributed tracing visuals in Sentry

Register and get your questions answered during the session
[https://sentry.io/resources/debugging-errors-faster-with-distributed-tracing/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-dtworkshop&utm_content=newsletter-dt-workshop-101-register]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 THE HIDDEN PERFORMANCE COST OF NODEJS AND GRAPHQL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.softwareatscale.dev/p/the-hidden-performance-cost-of-nodejs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Node.js and GraphQL exhibit specific challenges related to
scalability and performance. GraphQL's modular structure can often
result in code that generates an excessive number of promises, leading
to a deterioration in request performance. Benchmarks have indicated a
notable 2-3 times increase in latency. Node.js applications are prone
to occasional performance problems due to the presence of
resource-intensive request handlers, often referred to as "noisy
neighbors," which can excessively utilize the event loop. 

 CSS RELATIVE COLOR SYNTAX (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/css-relative-color-syntax/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Relative color syntax (RCS) offers web developers a smooth, concise
way to manipulate colors with CSS. Modifying the opacity of a color
before RCS would take 11 lines of code - after RCS, it only takes 4
lines. This post dives into how relative syntax works, with lots of
code examples, real-world use cases, and concise CSS demos. 

 MASTERING MICROSERVICES: YOUR COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO MODERN SOFTWARE
DESIGN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/dr_anks/mastering-microservices-your-comprehensive-guide-to-modern-software-design-1p18?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Microservice architecture is a software design approach that breaks
down large applications into smaller independent services. These
services can communicate with each other through well-defined APIs.
The architecture offers several benefits, including flexibility,
agility, and the ability to more easily evolve and maintain software.
This article discusses the benefits of using microservices
architecture, when to use it, and when to avoid it. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 HOW TO BE A GOOD CODEMATE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.moderndescartes.com/essays/codemates/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article highlights the importance of effective communication,
particularly in situations where code changes affect workflows. Such
workflows include continuous integration pipelines, where it‚Äôs
important for the entire team to be on the same page and have trust in
the systems. Effective collaboration, communication, and automation
can address common coding frustrations and improve teamwork. 

 HOW TO BE A BETTER MENTOR: 6 GUARANTEED WAYS TO BUILD TRUST QUICKLY
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thecaringtechie.com/p/how-to-be-a-better-mentor-6-guaranteed?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Mentorship can be a wonderful experience when it is done right. To be
a good mentor, it‚Äôs important to build trust in one‚Äôs mentee. This
article provides six tips to build trust in a mentor-mentee
relationship: making mentees feel heard and seen, having unconditional
positive regard, paying attention to one‚Äôs own language, making
mentees feel as if you‚Äôre investing in their success, being
authentic, and staying consistent. 

 THINGS I WISH SOMEONE WOULD HAVE TOLD ME ABOUT CONFIGURING VSCODE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bryanbraun.com/2023/08/10/things-i-wish-someone-would-have-told-me-about-configuring-vscode/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article presents tips for using VSCode more effectively. The
tips include utilizing the built-in terminal, enabling formatters and
linters at the workspace level, using .gitignore_global to ignore the
.vscode folder, and using the built-in Git capabilities wherever
possible. 

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 ANNOUNCING V0: GENERATIVE UI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/announcing-v0-generative-ui?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Vercel has released v0, a product that uses natural language to
create copy-pastable, styled React code for your web applications.
Just describe the interface you want to build, iterate upon the
produced code with your own words, and then copy-paste the code into
your own app. v0 produces code using open-source tools like React,
Tailwind CSS, and Shadcn-UI. 

 PRETTIER PLUGIN: ORGANIZE IMPORTS FOR ASTRO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ot07/prettier-plugin-astro-organize-imports?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A plugin that makes Prettier organize your imports in Astro files
using the organizeImports feature of the TypeScript language service
API. 

 VISELECT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Simonwep/selection?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Viselect is a lightweight library for selecting DOM elements
visually, just like on your desktop. It has zero dependencies and is
only a 4KB package. Viselect supports major frameworks like React,
Vue, Angular, and Svelte. 

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

 GOING FASTER BY DUPLICATING CODE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://voidstar.tech/code_duplication/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 There‚Äôs a unique programming technique to optimize code by
introducing conditional branches based on runtime values. This author
provides multiple examples of the technique in practice, showing how
it can improve code performance. This technique works because
compilers are able to perform better optimizations based on expected
runtime values, which isn‚Äôt possible with traditional constant-based
optimizations. 

 REPLACING ENGINEERING MANAGERS WITH AI AGENTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engineeringcalm.com/p/replacing-engineering-managers-with?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article explores the idea of replacing engineering managers with
AI agents in software development teams. The AI agent manager would
manage teams by analyzing voice updates, allocating tasks based on
real-time data, mediating conflicts, and coordinating training. While
there is the potential for more efficiency, the lack of human empathy
and intuition would cause things to go wrong. Human engineering
managers still win because managing is often about people skills and
not just data-driven technical skills. 

 HOW STRIPE CREATES THE BEST DOCUMENTATION IN THE TECH INDUSTRY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://mintlify.com/blog/stripe-docs?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Stripe‚Äôs docs are as usable as they are beautiful, and even more
impressively, they‚Äôre highly comprehensive. Stripe‚Äôs documentation
has had a positive impact on the company‚Äôs user experience,
retention, and overall success. Many companies aspire to do the same
but fail somewhere along the way. This article shows how Stripe
created the culture and habits that enabled its team of engineers to
write beautiful docs. 

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

 YOU CAN'T GET FASTER THAN NO BUILD (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/you-can-t-get-faster-than-no-build-7a44131c?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Developers open to React or Vue alternatives can use Propshaft, a
simple asset pipeline using vanilla ES6 and plain CSS. 

 SQL RESERVED WORDS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://modern-sql.com/reserved-words-empirical-list?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A list of reserved words in SQL. 

 WEB SERVER ‚ÄòHELLO WORLD‚Äô BENCHMARK : GO VS NODE.JS VS NIM VS BUN
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://lemire.me/blog/2023/10/07/web-server-hello-world-benchmark-go-vs-node-js-vs-nim-vs-bun/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A detailed comparison of the performance of popular web frameworks
with a minimal Hello World application. 

 MICROSOFT TO KILL OFF VBSCRIPT IN WINDOWS TO BLOCK MALWARE DELIVERY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-to-kill-off-vbscript-in-windows-to-block-malware-delivery/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Microsoft is planning to phase out VBScript in future Windows
releases after 30 years of use, making it an on-demand feature until
it is removed. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=67423864-68ca-11ee-8b64-3d8052b018b1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697108420&t=1697108818&s=414dfa8dcae58d15c54c97e15a4b03df82625bf4c0364c63a99a94cb538c895f].