# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-08-2023

Automating the testing and deployment of your apps is mandatory to
avoid wasting time or making mistakes¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=687ba9f0-432b-11ee-8167-e777eb58ff9f&pt=campaign&t=1692961417&s=bbb8dc377afd78e298cfffb678c78c9ccc1c50993bf62e5c8fd66ae0b1d2e8eb]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-25

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

CREATE A CI/CD PIPELINE FOR FRONTEND PROJECTS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.openreplay.com/create-a-ci-cd-pipeline-for-front-end-projects/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Automating the testing and deployment of your apps is mandatory to
avoid wasting time or making mistakes. This article will show you how
to go about achieving this goal. 

PATTERNS FOR REACTIVITY IN MODERN VANILLA JAVASCRIPT (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://frontendmasters.com/blog/vanilla-javascript-reactivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Patterns can be combined to solve your app‚Äôs exact requirements,
often leading to more performant and maintainable code. This article
teaches new patterns for reactivity to add to your toolbox, no matter
what frameworks and libraries you use. 

COMMON FAILURE CAUSES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/common-failure-causes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Designing distributed systems is hard. Without careful planning,
numerous issues can arise quickly. This article uses excerpts from
"Understanding Distributed Systems", a book written by a Principal
Engineer at Microsoft and Amazon, to provide an overview of 8 common
causes of distributed systems failure and how to address them. Some
common failures include physical machine breakdowns, flawed error
handling, unexpected configuration changes, and critical single points
of failure. Strategies like rigorous error-handling mechanisms,
configuration testing, and identifying potential system
vulnerabilities can be used to combat these issues. Building awareness
of these pitfalls is essential for enhancing system resilience. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO WRITE AN EFFECTIVE PROGRESS REPORT (8 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/how-to-write-an-effective-progress-report/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article emphasizes the value of progress reports in maintaining
transparency and trust with stakeholders. These reports should provide
weekly updates on a project's status and highlight completed tasks,
challenges faced, and upcoming actions. Using templates can streamline
the process and ensure consistency. Feedback, both positive and
negative, helps refine the reporting approach and address concerns. 

HOW DEVCYCLE FLATTENED THEIR TEAM & INCREASED DEPLOYMENT FREQUENCY (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://devinterrupted.substack.com/p/how-devcycle-flattened-their-team?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Successful engineering organizations have multiple moving parts.
Having a proper tooling stack for engineers along with an adequate set
of measurable metrics can supercharge an organization‚Äôs success. It
allows a company to increase the productivity, satisfaction, and
shipping frequency of its engineering team. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GPT PILOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Pythagora-io/gpt-pilot?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

GPT Pilot can create entire apps with human supervision. It works as a
personal engineer. Developers can work together with GPT Pilot to
create fully working apps. 

PYTHONMONKEY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Distributive-Network/PythonMonkey?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

PythonMonkey is a Mozilla SpiderMonkey JavaScript engine embedded into
the Python VM. It uses the Python engine to provide a JS host
environment. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

EXPERIMENTATION AT SPOTIFY: THREE LESSONS FOR MAXIMIZING IMPACT IN
INNOVATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.atspotify.com/2023/08/experimentation-at-spotify-three-lessons-for-maximizing-impact-in-innovation/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Mature companies like Spotify often have a process for experimenting
with new features. Spotify has honed a three-pronged strategy to
creating conclusive experiments: First, they start with the exact
decisions they're aiming to inform. Next, they zoom in on specific
markets. Lastly, instead of diving headfirst into a full-blown
feature, they test the waters by breaking the feature down into
bite-sized pieces. It's a blend of precision, localization, and smart
testing that keeps Spotify‚Äôs innovation playlist on repeat. 

IS LIGHTHOUSE A MISLEADING PERFORMANCE TOOL? (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/robole/is-lighthouse-a-misleading-performance-tool-4b14?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Getting a top score in Lighthouse can seem almost impossible. If
you‚Äôve tried to get a high score, it may have left you doubting
yourself, the tool, or both! This article breaks down exactly what‚Äôs
happening so you can understand Lighthouse better. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COMMON CSS MISTAKES AND HOW TO FIX THEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/noobizdev/common-css-mistakes-and-how-to-fix-them-116n?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Practical solutions for fixing the most common CSS mistakes. 

ASK HN: WHERE DO I FIND GOOD CODE TO READ? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37248002&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Hacker News commenter wants to find good code to read and learn
from. Commenters respond with links and their thoughts. 

DEBUGGING SPECULATION RULES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/debugging-speculation-rules/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Speculation rules allow you to prefetch and prerender for next page
navigation, allowing quick or even instant page loads and improving
core web vitals. However, debugging them can be tricky as they‚Äôre
rendered in a separate renderer. This guide explains how to use
speculation rules to prefetch, prerender, and preload pages and
provides various DevTools and examples for debugging. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=687ba9f0-432b-11ee-8167-e777eb58ff9f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692961218&t=1692961417&s=d42ec595a5a74dae7f29b9258c8ea463536ff2d746f0e32269d7f55b2e70b5f2].