# Articles TLDR Web Dev 13-10-2023

Naming functions, variables, and constructs correctly leads to cleaner
code and improved architecture¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3d5855b6-69a0-11ee-b042-dd111e50f450&pt=campaign&t=1697195326&s=3976ba81233c9d24c5ef268307a0b70b2d4b602a1a98707eb65931b37f78b9fa]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-13

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 ON IMPORTANCE OF NAMING IN PROGRAMMING (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://wasp-lang.dev/blog/2023/10/12/on-importance-of-naming-in-programming?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Naming functions, variables, and constructs correctly leads to
cleaner code and improved architecture. This article provides six tips
for figuring out a good name during development, including making sure
length follows scope, sticking to your codebase‚Äôs terminology and
conventions, and having the name properly reflect its representation.
Code reviews should prioritize scrutinizing names for clarity. The
article provides some small code examples to demonstrate its point. 

 HOW CODE COVERAGE CAN BE USEFUL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.leanix.net/blog/code-coverage/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Code coverage quantifies how much of a program's source code is
tested by specific test cases. While higher code coverage is thought
to improve defect detection, aiming for 100% coverage is often
impractical and burdensome. To illustrate this, this article presents
an example where a single parameter addition to a DAO function
required updates to 70 unit tests to maintain 100% coverage, yet it
failed to catch a regression. The recommended practice is to focus on
critical areas for 100% coverage and complement unit tests with
integration and end-to-end tests for better software quality. 

 NODE CONFIG HELL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://deno.com/blog/node-config-hell?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Many production-ready Next.js projects require almost 30
configuration files to run. Having so many configurations can hinder
developer productivity. The problem arises from the unopinionated
nature of the JavaScript ecosystem, where the same code needs to be
adaptable to various frameworks and tools. However, there are
solutions with zero configs and smart defaults. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 UNPOPULAR OPINION: IT‚ÄôS HARDER THAN EVER TO BE A GOOD SOFTWARE
ENGINEER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://juraj.hashnode.dev/unpopular-opinion-its-harder-than-ever-to-be-a-good-software-engineer?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The definition of a good engineer evolves with experience. While
newcomers may focus on the number of languages and frameworks they
know, seasoned engineers prioritize code quality, adherence to coding
principles, and value-driven efforts. The fast-paced tech market and
constant release of new technologies can be overwhelming, but it's
crucial to stay focused on delivering long-term value rather than
chasing trends. 

 SCROLLBARS ARE BECOMING A PROBLEM (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://artemis.sh/2023/10/12/scrollbars.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 The shrinking size of scrollbars in modern software interfaces poses
challenges for individuals with fine motor control problems or those
who rely on alternative input methods. This author provides a
comprehensive overview of the problem across various platforms and
offers valuable insights into the need for user-configurable options
to address it. They provide configuration tips for Firefox, but found
Chrome hard to configure. 

 INTEGRATING AI TOOLS INTO YOUR WORKFLOW (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/10/12/integrating-ai-tools-into-your-workflow/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 AI tools can be powerful when integrated into a software engineering
workflow. However, for it to be done effectively within teams, it‚Äôs
important to gradually introduce AI. While AI is being introduced,
engineers should be monitoring and adjusting their performance. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 MACSTADIUM: BUILD, TEST, AND DEPLOY SOFTWARE FOR APPLE DEVICES
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.macstadium.com/solutions/app-development?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsored&utm_campaign=tldr+activity]


 If you‚Äôre writing apps for Mac or iOS, a MacStadium Cloud
[https://www.macstadium.com/solutions/app-development?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsored&utm_campaign=tldr+activity]
is the perfect way to access Apple compute
[https://www.macstadium.com/solutions/app-development?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsored&utm_campaign=tldr+activity]
without the overhead of physical machines. Dynamically provision VMs,
pool resources, and gain efficiency by cloning VMs instead of manually
re-imaging individual Macs. Mac Cloud Service + macOS virtualization
platforms available.
Create your MacStadium Cloud account to immediately deploy iOS build
machines ‚Üí
[https://www.macstadium.com/solutions/app-development?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsored&utm_campaign=tldr+activity]

 OORT (WEBSITE) [https://oort.rs/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Oort is an interactive programming game that challenges players to
write Rust code to manage a fleet of spaceships, each with various
functions such as engines, weapons, radar, and communication systems.
The game offers a range of ships, from small missiles to massive
cruisers, for players to control and program. It‚Äôs a way for
developers to practice Rust in an entertaining manner. 

 SCALAR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/scalar/scalar?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Scalar generates interactive API documentation from Swagger files,
offering a live demo for users to try. It supports Swagger/OpenAPI
specification files, provides request examples for various programming
languages and frameworks, includes an integrated API client, and
allows users to edit Swagger files with a live preview. 

 NICE MODAL (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/eBay/nice-modal-react] 

 Nice Modal is a lightweight utility for React that simplifies the
management of modals without any external dependencies. It leverages
React's context feature to maintain the state of modals globally. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GROWING AS AN ENGINEER AT STRIPE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://leportella.com/growing-at-stripe/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 The author of this article worked at Stripe Tax, a complex project
aimed at simplifying tax compliance for businesses. They describe how
they learned about taxes and emphasize the importance of user
experience in their work. They also highlight their continuous
learning experiences at Stripe, including friction logs, API reviews,
learning from other teams, utilizing the education budget, and
participating in various internal communities, such as Unidos. 

 THE ICEBERG OF ENGINEERING INCIDENT COSTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.blameless.com/blog/iceberg-incident-costs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A high-severity incident can cost an engineering company millions of
dollars. On the surface, the expenses are visible and immediate, like
lost revenue. However, there are also concealed expenses, like brand
damage, alienation of super users, repetitive bug fixes, engineering
team frustration, wasted hours, and the hindrance of innovation. 

 EASY-TO-USE IS HARD TO BUILD (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://goodreason.substack.com/p/easy-to-use-is-hard-to-build?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Tech products like Duolingo appear simple because users often
overlook the complexity beneath the surface. This misconception is due
to the "one-job syndrome," where people believe technology should only
do what's immediately expected. However, under the hood, creating a
seamless, user-friendly experience actually requires significant
effort, engineering, and attention to detail. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 HTTP/2 RAPID RESET ATTACK IMPACTING F5 NGINX PRODUCTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nginx.com/blog/http-2-rapid-reset-attack-impacting-f5-nginx-products/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A recent vulnerability related to the HTTP/2 protocol is impacting
NGINX products. NGINX is sending out a patch soon. 

 14 LINTING RULES TO HELP YOU WRITE ASYNCHRONOUS CODE IN JAVASCRIPT (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://maximorlov.com/linting-rules-for-asynchronous-code-in-javascript/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 14 ESLint rules for asynchronous code, like setting a limit for
nested callbacks, which prevents debugging headaches down the road. 

 5 WAYS TO MEASURE EXECUTION TIME IN PYTHON (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://superfastpython.com/benchmark-execution-time/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article offers 5 different techniques for measuring the
execution time of your Python code. 

 JAVASCRIPT FRAMEWORKS: ENHANCE YOUR WEB DEVELOPMENT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://cleancommit.io/blog/building-better-web-experiences-a-close-look-at-the-top-javascript-frameworks/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article compares popular JavaScript frameworks like React, Vue,
and Svelte. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3d5855b6-69a0-11ee-b042-dd111e50f450&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697194819&t=1697195326&s=3dd68d17830a7ad9ae024d3579916b8fb1be259a03b951bd8bd1a07fad3b3579].