# Articles TLDR Web Dev 22-08-2023

Modern web applications require robust, versatile routing mechanisms
to enhance user experience and accommodate intricate design
structures¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=ee60f708-40c6-11ee-843d-bf2cf74ef10f&pt=campaign&t=1692702246&s=12b5bdef903cf9b77e7462bc566c76e7d5131bf8fd0ae93022229227dd21bb07]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-22

HIRE TOP ENGINEERING TALENT THROUGH TLDR (TLDR JOB LISTINGS)
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466]

Want to hire top engineering talent?
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466] List your
open jobs in TLDR and reach an audience of over a million software
engineers, ML engineers, designers, engineering managers, and more
from big tech companies and top VC-backed startups. Learn more.
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466] 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

NEXTJS 13 PARALLEL ROUTES: A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/nextjs-13-parallel-routes-a-comprehensive-guide?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Modern web applications require robust, versatile routing mechanisms
to enhance user experience and accommodate intricate design
structures. NextJS 13 has introduced Parallel Routes, which shows more
than one page in the same view, like with complex dashboards or
modals. Parallel Routes can simultaneously render one or more pages in
the same view that can be navigated independently. This allows for
more dynamic and personalized websites. 

MTLS: WHEN CERTIFICATE AUTHENTICATION IS DONE WRONG (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-08-17-mtls-when-certificate-authentication-is-done-wrong/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This post by GitHub Engineering deep dives into some interesting
attacks on mTLS authentication. mTLS, or Mutual TLS, are website
certificates for site security. However, mTLS does have some
implementation vulnerabilities. Developers can make their mTLS systems
vulnerable to user impersonation, privilege escalation, and
information leakages. The post details multiple real-world examples of
such vulnerabilities. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

8 TIPS FOR JUNIOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/tips-junior-software-developers?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There are a few things that can help junior software developers
progress their careers faster. For example, they need to embrace
failure and actively ask for help when possible. Furthermore, they
should try to write as much code as possible, as the quantity of
output helps them become better faster. 

THE IDEAL VIEWPORT DOESN‚ÄôT EXIST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://viewports.fyi/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Set Studio conducted an experiment to see the distribution of viewport
sizes across users. They gathered over 120,000 data points with over
2,300 unique viewport sizes. The study found that the most common
viewports were mobile devices, but even one mobile device could find
itself hosting at least three different environments for a website.
For example, a mobile device can view a website in Safari, Chrome, an
in-app browser, and even 3D Touch Preview. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

VIDCUTTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ozmartian/vidcutter?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

VidCutter is a modern yet simple multi-platform video cutter and
joiner. It cuts video losslessly and can be installed in multiple
ways. 

GODMODE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/smol-ai/GodMode/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

GodMode is an AI chat browser. It allows you to chat with ChatGPT,
Claude, Bard, Bing, and Llama2 all at the same time. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BEYOND THE PAYCHECK: WHY TOP TALENT CHOOSE START UPS OVER GOOGLE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://scitechdaily.com/beyond-the-paycheck-why-top-talents-choose-startups-over-google/#google_vignette?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Despite earning roughly 20% less than their peers in large firms, many
high-ability engineers choose to work in startups for the unique work
environment and non-monetary benefits, such as increased autonomy. A
new study shows that these preferences, combined with startups‚Äô
ability to ‚Äúcherry-pick‚Äù top talent, suggest that early-stage
technology startups can overcome the challenges of attracting and
retaining human capital by appealing to individuals who have a strong
preference for working in an entrepreneurial environment. 

A SIMPLE PLAYBOOK FOR NEW MANAGERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90939124/playbook-new-managers-improve-leadership?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Whether you‚Äôre leading one person or many, you‚Äôre likely feeling
the weight of responsibility in an entirely new way. The reality is
that many new managers fail within the first two years, due largely to
the fact that they weren‚Äôt properly trained to be people leaders in
the first place. This article offers actionable steps that will help
you succeed as a manager. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DISCOVER THREE.JS (WEBSITE)
[https://discoverthreejs.com?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Discover three.js is a complete introduction to the web as a platform
for 3D graphics using the three.js WebGL library, from one of the core
three.js developers. 

DATABASE CHEAT SHEET (X POST)
[https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1691108223175299072?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A cheat sheet of various databases in cloud services, along with their
corresponding open-source/3rd-party options. 

MACOS UPDATES FOR APPLE SILICON MACS ARE LARGER THAN REPORTED (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://eclecticlight.co/2023/08/19/macos-updates-for-apple-silicon-macs-are-larger-than-reported/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There is a fixed 1.1 GB overhead for Apple Silicon Mac updates that
isn‚Äôt reflected in the download size shown to users. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=ee60f708-40c6-11ee-843d-bf2cf74ef10f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692702024&t=1692702246&s=feff2e0c6f45ad2a975b3e99af0e9c3492a6ca0d0bf1b12df6777042acf9506e].