# Articles TLDR Web Dev 13-06-2023

A meeting with 3 Senior Software Engineers at Meta costs $531¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=7a9c6746-09b5-11ee-975d-3f99c9070182&pt=campaign&t=1686654618&s=d7b6ef15263a0712650ce32453bab4be62de25267b47ec68f173e8339f4dd831]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Interview Kickstart]
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev2_switchup]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-13

AI-PROOF YOUR TECH CAREER. NOW IS THE TIME TO TRANSITION TO AI/ML
ENGINEERING ROLES AT TIER-1 COMPANIES (SPONSOR)
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev2_switchup]

The current AI ‚Äòarms race‚Äô is expected to create explosive demand
for skilled Machine Learning engineers. There are far fewer ML
engineers than needed. Companies are hiring aggressively and offering
top compensation, in many cases upwards of $300,000-$500,000 

Make the switch today to an exciting ML career with INTERVIEW
KICKSTART
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev2_switchup]:

	*
Curriculum designed and taught by FAANG Machine Learning engineers.

	*
For developers, data engineers, and software folks with no background
in AI/ML

	*
Individual coaching and 1:1 help

	*
Capstone project for hands-on experience

	*
Up to 15 mock interviews with FAANG+ ML engineers

	*
Results: Alumni who consistently bag > $300K job offers. Highest
compensation received: $1.28 Million

REGISTER FOR THE FREE WEBINAR TO LEARN MORE
[https://learn.interviewkickstart.com/course/machine-learning-course?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev2_switchup]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW GOOGLE MEASURES AND MANAGES TECH DEBT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.abinoda.com/p/measuring-and-managing-tech-debt]

Over the past several years, Google has made a deliberate effort to
better manage technical debt. A team at Google interviewed subject
matter experts at the company, asking about the underlying causes of
the technical debt they encountered as well as what mitigations would
be appropriate to fix the debt. They identified 10 categories of
technical debt, from incomplete or poor documentation to unstable
dependencies. The team then came up with metrics to measure technical
debt and brought it down through solutions like better tooling and
management frameworks. As a result, Google was able to have better
developer productivity. 

UNDERSTANDING DEEPMIND'S SORTING ALGORITHM (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://justine.lol/sorting/]

A few days ago, DeepMind published a blog post talking about how they
discovered tinier kernels for sorting algorithms. They did this by
taking their deep learning wisdom, which they gained by building
AlphaGo, and applying it to the discipline of superoptimization. This
article explains the optimization that was made more clearly compared
to the actual blog post that was published. 

MICROSERVICES VS MONOLITHS: WHAT IS THE FUTURE OF SOFTWARE
ARCHITECTURE? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/microservices-vs-monoliths-what-is-the-future-of-software-architecture]

Software architecture is the foundation that supports the digital
world. Today, there are two contrasting architectural patterns that
remain at the forefront: microservices and monoliths. This article
explains the ins and outs of both methodologies and discusses each
method‚Äôs pros and cons. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

A DEVELOPER'S VIEW OF VISION PRO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.david-smith.org/blog/2023/06/12/new-post/]

David Smith is an independent iOS developer with apps that have been
downloaded millions of times. He was invited to try the Apple Vision
Pro during WWDC and plans to be a ‚ÄúDay One‚Äù developer for it. In
this article, Smith lays out reasons why he‚Äôs excited to develop for
the Vision Pro and why he thinks it will be a successful product. 

THE CONTINUING TRAGEDY OF CSS: THOUGHTS FROM CSS DAY 2023 (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://paulrobertlloyd.com/2023/162/a1/css_day/]

A common complaint regarding CSS today is that it has become too
bloated. For example, the original CSS specification included 3
relative units for defining a length: px, ex, and em. Today, there are
36 relative length units in CSS. The constraints of CSS should be
embraced rather than continue to be broken down and expanded. 

WHY HIGH PERFORMING DEVELOPERS THRIVE TOGETHER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/xrZI1]

Company culture and environment is a huge factor in growing and
nurturing high performing developers. This article explains why it‚Äôs
so important for developers to work on teams and on projects that will
keep them learning and engaged. Read on to learn how you can become a
high performing developer, even if your current role doesn‚Äôt offer
the best culture or environment. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

HOW MUCH DOES THIS MEETING COST? (WEBSITE)
[https://www.levels.fyi/cost/]

Levels.fyi has released a calculator that calculates how much a
meeting costs to a company based on both the number of engineers in
the meeting and the compensation of each engineer. For example, a
meeting with 3 Senior Software Engineers at Meta costs $531. 

DEVCYCLE (WEBSITE) [https://devcycle.com/]

DevCycle is a feature flag platform for teams of any size. It helps
you reduce risk, experiment, and use data-driven insights to drive
growth. 

SUPPORTCSS (WEBSITE) [https://supportscss.dev]

Live, in-browser detection of modern CSS support for selectors,
features, and at-rules. Applies support-based classes, exposes a
results object, and allows custom tests. Inspired by the legacy of
Modernizr, this script evaluates a user's browser for cutting-edge
modern CSS support beyond the capabilities of @supports. 

FERN¬†- THE FUTURE OF API DEVELOPMENT (GITHUB REPO¬†SPONSOR)
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

Fern¬†is an open source format for defining REST APIs.¬†You can think
of it like a programming language to describe your API - your
endpoints, types, errors, and examples.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile¬†already
use¬†Fern¬†to develop their APIs and generate their¬†SDKs,¬†check us
out on GitHub [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE IS REPORTEDLY WORKING ON 2 NEW AR HEADSETS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/apple-cheaper-vision-pro]

Just last week, Apple revealed its first-ever augmented reality
headset, the $3,499 Apple Vision Pro. But the company is already hard
at work on multiple follow-ups. Apple plans to launch a cheaper
variant of the headset and is reportedly also working on a follow-up
to the Vision Pro with an even faster processor. It likely won't be
any cheaper than the first one. 

FROM VSCODE TO VIM (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/vim-for-the-vs-code-user-part-1-initial-setup-53617a4905f4]

Developers often make jokes about Vim, but it‚Äôs a useful tool that
might be worth learning for you. This article aims to eliminate some
of the initial roadblocks to using and working with Vim and teach you
how to effectively use this tool. Vim has a few advantages over
VSCode, including incredibly fast startup, minimal hand movement while
typing, unmatched customizability, and more. 

KILLING COMMUNITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marginalia.nu/log/82_killing_community/]

Social media that is run on a venture capital often loses the charm
that made it popular over time. Community is hard to support when
needs for profitability start taking over. The forces that make
profitability possible and the community great can work against each
other. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EDGE SENDS IMAGES YOU VIEW ONLINE TO MICROSOFT, HERE IS HOW TO DISABLE
THAT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.neowin.net/news/edge-sends-images-you-view-online-to-microsoft-here-is-how-to-disable-that/]

Microsoft Edge sends every picture you view online to Microsoft to
perform enhancements to pictures seen. However, there is a way to turn
this off. 

USEHOOKS (WEBSITE) [https://usehooks.com]

A collection of modern, server-safe React hooks. 

REDDIT API PROTEST CAUSES OUTAGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/news/story/reddit-users-protest-api-changes-6320010/]

Reddit reported a major outage across its mobile and desktop websites
as thousands of Reddit communities went dark on Monday to kick off the
start of a 48-hour protest over the API pricing. 

DO ADS EVEN WORK ON DEVS? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedevmarketer.substack.com/p/do-ads-even-work-on-devs?utm_source=%2Fbrowse%2Ftechnology&utm_medium=reader2]

The common perception is that developers dislike being sold to and are
allergic to anything resembling an ad. This article explains how to
work around this and use ads effectively. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=7a9c6746-09b5-11ee-975d-3f99c9070182&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686654028&t=1686654618&s=7fd2fe568e88593c138ee54ef4651ff69b256e3aeb63489f3a195229af702f6d].