# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-05-2023

Github recently had 2 big incidents¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d4aa95f6-f546-11ed-a438-d7b69d0bdd1a&pt=campaign&t=1684408133&s=bed821cef6d5ee86395d619b744eac7c9740ba06ea9864ea250cd6b475171c6c]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-18

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

ADDRESSING GITHUB‚ÄôS RECENT AVAILABILITY ISSUES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-16-addressing-githubs-recent-availability-issues/]


Github recently had 2 big incidents, one incident from an API
invocation during timeout that caused a peak of 76% auth token failure
rate; another from a database cluster failure, causing a peak of 26%
of requests to github to fail. This blog goes to show how 1 simple
mistake in a scaled system can cause a series of catastrophic
failures. 

BUILDING AND DEPLOYING MYSQL RAFT AT META (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/05/16/data-infrastructure/mysql-raft-meta/]


Meta runs one of the largest deployments of MySQL in the world. Over
the last few years, Meta has implemented MySQL Raft, a Raft consensus
engine that was integrated with MySQL to build a replicated state
machine. They have migrated a large portion of their deployment to
MySQL Raft and plan to fully replace the current MySQL semisynchronous
databases with it. The project has delivered significant benefits to
the MySQL deployment at Meta, including higher reliability, provable
safety, significant improvements in failover time, and operational
simplicity ‚Äî all with equal or comparable write performance. Making
MySQL server a true distributed system also has opened up
possibilities in downstream systems to leverage it. 

A COMPLETE GUIDE TO PERFORMANCE BUDGETS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.speedcurve.com/blog/performance-budgets/] 

A performance budget is a threshold you apply to the metrics you care
about the most. This article will teach you how to keep up your
website's performance from how to select the most relevant metrics for
performance, such as TTFB (time to first byte), start render time, and
LCP (longest contentful paint), to getting buy-in from stakeholders
and continuously monitoring the appropriate metrics. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

VINT CERF‚ÄôS CAREER ADVICE FOR ENGINEERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/vint-cerf-advice] 

Vint Cerf is one of the co-creators of the Internet. He gives some
pieces of advice to engineers starting out in their careers, such as
being humble, staying on good terms with everybody, and more. 

A NEW WAY TO MEASURE DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/developer-productivity-a-new-framework?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


Measuring developer productivity is important and non-trivial to
organizations. Although there have been strong frameworks, such as
DORA and SPACE, to measure developer performance both quantitatively
and qualitatively, the authors of these frameworks recognize the need
for a new framework that also measures developer experience. Using
surveys is a good way to measure developer experience, but designing
an effective survey can sometimes be a difficult task. 

DEADLINES AS TECHNOLOGY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jim-nielsen.com/2023/deadlines-as-technology/] 

It‚Äôs common to look for and try different productivity apps in hopes
that there is a ‚Äúproductivity software pill‚Äù that can resolve all
productivity problems. However, productivity is better when under
constraints. And so, the author makes the point that the only
technology that you really need is deadlines. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GARPH (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/stepci/garph] 

Garph is a GraphQL schema-builder for TypeScript that provides a
GraphQL compatibility layer and type-safety primitives for any
TypeScript project. 

MAKING CLOUDFLARE THE BEST PLACE FOR YOUR WEB APPLICATIONS (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://blog.cloudflare.com/making-cloudflare-for-web/] 

Cloudflare has announced many new features that make deploying and
optimizing your web applications easier. For example, Cloudflare Pages
and Workers are merging into a single unified development and
application hosting platform that offers low latency globally, a
multitude of storage options, and more. 

GPT4ALL CHAT CLIENT (WEBSITE)
[https://docs.gpt4all.io/gpt4all_chat.html] 

The GPT4All Chat Client lets you easily interact with any local large
language model. It is optimized to run 7-13B parameter LLMs on the
CPU's of any computer running OSX/Windows/Linux. 

üëã GOODBYE LOW TEST COVERAGE AND SLOW QA CYCLES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]


In-house QA can take years to scale. QA Wolf gets you to 80% automated
test coverage in 4 months
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
and keeps you there. It‚Äôs zero-effort, fully automated testing
that‚Äôs done for you ‚Äî integrated directly into your CI/CD, and
written in Playwright with no vendor lock-in whatsoever. Start with a
90-day pilot.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PEOPLE WANT PRODUCTS, NOT PROJECTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://friendshipcastle.zip/blog/product-vs-project] 

A project is something that is created by a group of people that aims
to solve a goal they face and then stops there. In contrast, a product
is something that you can get "off the shelf". A lot of the options
have been pared down or sanded away so that things just work. There's
a core philosophy at work there powered by a team that spends a lot of
time figuring out what the best way for them to do the thing is. This
is different from a project because a product can be adopted without
many additional steps like setting up infrastructure, purchasing a
domain name, or knowing what an Ubuntu is. People generally want
products, not projects. 

THE DANGERS OF GOOGLE‚ÄôS .ZIP TLD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@bobbyrsec/the-dangers-of-googles-zip-tld-5e1e675e59a5]


Can you quickly tell which of the URLs is legitimate and which one is
a malicious phish that drops evil.exe out of
https://github.com‚àïkubernetes‚àïkubernetes‚àïarchive‚àïrefs‚àïtags‚àï@v1271.zip
and
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/archive/refs/tags/v1.27.1.zip?
This week, Google launched a new TLD or ‚ÄúTop Level Domain‚Äù of
.zip, meaning you can now purchase a .zip domain, similar to a .com or
.org domain for only a few dollars. In this short write-up, the author
covers how an attacker can leverage this TLD, in combination with the
@ operator and unicode character ‚àï (U+2215) to create an extremely
convincing phish. 

THE STAFF ENGINEER'S PATH ‚Äî BOOK REVIEW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://smyachenkov.com/posts/book-review-the-staff-engineers-path/] 

This is a book review of ‚ÄúThe Staff Engineer‚Äôs Path: A Guide for
Individual Contributors Navigating Growth and Change‚Äù. The review
lays out some key takeaways from the book, such as a technique to
align the shape of your position with you and your peers and managers.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INTRODUCING BASELINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/introducing-baseline/] 

Baseline was introduced at last week's Google I/O. It‚Äôs a tool that
helps you to see whether a feature or API is safe to use in your site
or web applications. 

THE MADDEST MY CODE MADE ANYONE (5 MINUTE READ)
[http://jackkelly.name/blog/archives/2023/05/14/the_maddest_my_code_made_anyone/]


A short story about the author‚Äôs contributions to the Half Life
modding scene. For him, modding was one of the first times my code had
a big impact on a community. 

NUMBERS EVERY LLM DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/ray-project/llm-numbers] 

A set of numbers every LLM developer should know that are useful for
back-of-the envelope calculations. 

HOW TO HANDLE EMOJIS IN NODE.JS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://backend.cafe/how-to-handle-emojis-in-nodejs] 

Ever wonder why 'üòä'.length equals 2? This article will give you an
overview of how to convert a Unicode code point to a code unit and why
String.length is not equal to the number of characters in a string. By
the end, you might be able to answer questions like ‚Äúwhy A and
üòäare represented by a single code point, while üë®‚Äçüëß‚Äçüë¶
has 5‚Äù. 

5 LESSONS LEARNED FROM TAKING NEXT.JS APP ROUTER TO PRODUCTION (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.inngest.com/blog/5-lessons-learned-from-taking-next-js-app-router-to-production]


Next.js 13 introduced the new App Router that offers several new
features, including Nested Layouts, Server Components, and Streaming.
It‚Äôs the first open-source implementation that allows developers to
fully leverage the primitives brought by React 18. It was in beta for
a while, but since Next.js 13.4, which was just released, it‚Äôs now
considered production-ready. If you're thinking about adopting the App
Router in your project, here are some of the things the authors
learned to hopefully make that smoother for you. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d4aa95f6-f546-11ed-a438-d7b69d0bdd1a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684407621&t=1684408133&s=3356cebb75b4fc712658d2e513d3f394dd8fd7c16f4ef84255ec175ee1275fcf].


¬†