# Articles TLDR Web Dev 12-06-2023

Tech companies often allow employees to choose their stock and cash
ratio, especially if the company stock had a drastic fall¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c1f723d6-08f9-11ee-96c4-4ddfdad1b30a&pt=campaign&t=1686568192&s=9b33064af3d9cf7aeee7a272c8891dd683dd6348ee13185b8b81d73cd9abd45d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Nylas]
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-12

WHAT‚ÄôS THE SIMPLEST WAY TO ADD EMAIL AND SCHEDULING CAPABILITIES TO
YOUR APP? (SPONSOR)
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU]

Upwork, WiX, and Crunchbase reached the same answer. They use simple
APIs by Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU]
to seamlessly integrate emails, calendars, and contacts
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU].
Because devs have better things do to than write email and calendar
integrations.
Nylas lets you SYNC DATA from your users‚Äô inboxes, calendars, and
address books. It supports EVERY PROVIDER in the world, including
Google, Microsoft, and Apple. You can AUTOMATE TASKS like scheduling
meetings, sorting emails, and data entry. And it‚Äôs MAINTENANCE-FREE
with a 99.9% guaranteed uptime.

To learn more, you can connect with a Nylas expert
[https://www.nylas.com/company/contact-platform-specialist/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-Demo].
And yes, there‚Äôs also a free-forever tier
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q2-TLDR-1P&utm_content=2023-06-12-Issue-DSU].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

CS:GO: FROM ZERO TO 0-DAY (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://neodyme.io/blog/csgo_from_zero_to_0day/]

Neodyme identified three independent remote code execution (RCE)
vulnerabilities in the popular Counter-Strike: Global Offensive game.
Each vulnerability can be triggered when the game client connects to
their malicious Python CS:GO server. This post details their journey
through the CS:GO binary and conducts a technical deep dive into
various identified bugs. They conclude by presenting a proof of
concept (POC) exploit that leverages four different logic bugs into
remote code execution in the game‚Äôs client, triggered when a client
connects to the server. 

WHAT IS A VECTOR DATABASE? (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pinecone.io/learn/vector-database/]

Many AI applications that involve large language models or generative
AI rely on vector embeddings, a type of data representation that
carries within it semantic information that‚Äôs critical for the AI to
gain understanding and maintain a long-term memory they can draw upon
when executing complex tasks. Vector databases offer optimized storage
and querying capabilities for embeddings. They have the capabilities
of a traditional database that are absent in standalone vector indexes
and the specialization of dealing with vector embeddings, which
traditional scalar-based databases lack. 

GOTCHAS OF STREAMING PIPELINES: PROFILING & PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://eng.lyft.com/gotchas-of-streaming-pipelines-profiling-performance-improvements-301439f46412]

Lyft's engineering blog discusses strategies for identifying and
addressing performance issues in streaming pipelines. The author
emphasizes the importance of an iterative process involving
measurement, root cause identification, and fixing. Key performance
issues they address include data skewness, large window size,
interaction with low-speed services, and
serialization/deserialization, with solutions ranging from avoiding
unnecessary operations to optimizing network aspects. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

SHOULD YOU OPTIMIZE FOR ALL-CASH COMPENSATION? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/should-you-optimize-for-all-cash?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]

Tech companies often allow employees to choose their stock and cash
ratio, especially if the company stock had a drastic fall. However,
the choice of how much stock to get can be complicated - on one hand,
employees have access to ‚Äúinsider information‚Äù such as usage
statistics and business dashboards. On the other hand, even with this
information, employees can‚Äôt control how the stock will perform
since it depends on a number of factors, such as market expectation.
This blog shows numerical experiments on what will happen depending on
your stock/cash ratio if you were a Shopify employee. 

THE SURPRISING POWER OF DOCUMENTATION (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/proper-documentation/]

Documentation can be boring to write, but its long-term value cannot
be understated. Each hour invested into documentation at a company can
save up to a hundred productivity hours as a result across the
company. Building a documentation-first culture is extremely important
for a team to scale well and for developers to stay productive as a
codebase gets larger and larger. However, documentation is not a
silver bullet or a substitute to human interaction, which has nuances
that cannot be transferred through the written word. 

GROWING FROM ENGINEER TO MANAGER AND THRIVING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.eng-leadership.com/p/growing-from-engineer-to-manager]

This interview with Nicola Ballota, the Director of Cloud at
Namecheap, goes over Ballota‚Äôs career path to the role he‚Äôs in
today and the advice he would give to people who want to reach his
level one day. He lays out concrete steps to aspiring engineers who
want to grow into a manager role and gives tips on how to keep
improving your knowledge overall as a manager. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

OZONE (WEBSITE) [https://ozoneml.com/]

Ozone is software to help developers build unit tests for LLMs. Ozone
enables developers to ensure prompt reliability, increase security,
and foster efficient collaboration. It provides intuitive prompt
testing and refinement, including automated registered tests, for
reliable and secure AI interactions. 

FAKER.JS UI (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/jofftiquez/faker-js-ui]

Faker.js UI provides an easy way to generate fake, but realistic data,
for testing and development. 

TINYBASE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/tinyplex/tinybase]

TinyBase is a reactive data store for local-first apps. It has many
features, like support for both KV stores and tabular data, a powerful
query engine, flexible UI reactivity to data updates, data sync
between remote and local storage, and more. When compressed, TinyBase
is less than 10kB and has zero dependencies. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE MYTH OF THE AI INFRASTRUCTURE PHASE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/the-myth-of-the-ai-infrastructure-phase]

Can LLM infrastructure be built before LLM applications? The phrase
‚Äúsell shovels in a gold rush‚Äù has led to a host of infrastructure
for LLMs startups in the wake of the LLM boom. However, knowing the
correct APIs and use cases for LLM infrastructure before real
LLM-enabled applications are deployed for a long time is difficult. It
may not be the time yet for AI infrastructure companies as actual AI
applications need time to grow first so that actual problems can be
discovered. 

MENTAL LIQUIDITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/mental-liquidity/]

Mental liquidity is the ability to quickly abandon previous beliefs
when the world changes or when you come across new information.
However, mental liquidity is rare and can be hard to change as you get
older. Morgan Housel, the author of Psychology of Money, lays out some
anecdotes about how Albert Einstein himself even had a problem with
mental liquidity. It‚Äôs important to be careful about what beliefs
you let become a part of your identity and how most fields have
theories, ideas, and hunches, but not laws - things that are
unimpeachable and cannot ever change. 

HOW MUCH DOES IT COST TO DEVELOP AN APP LIKE SHEIN? (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://semidotinfotech.com/blog/cost-to-develop-an-app-like-shein/]

Shein is a fashion shopping app that contains basic features like
authentication, payment, and more. This article contains numerous
business aspects of developing an app like Shein. It starts by
explaining how much it costs to develop the app, which depends on
factors like app size, platform and location of app developers. A
basic small-scale app can cost between $25,000-$35,000 and take 4-6
months to develop. The article then focuses on the business model of
Fashion apps like Shein, what makes it popular and key features to
include in a fashion app. On the technical side, it covers the process
of developing such an app, from market analysis to development and to
testing. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

10 UNIX FILE MANAGEMENT COMMANDS THAT EVERY DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/mP4f6]

Knowing some handy Unix-based commands to communicate with the system
via terminal can save you time as a developer. 

AWESOME CODEBASES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/alan2207/awesome-codebases]

A collection of awesome open-source codebases worth exploring. 

REDDIT‚ÄôS USERS AND MODERATORS ARE REVOLTING AGAINST ITS CEO (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/10/23756476/reddit-protest-api-changes-apollo-third-party-apps]

In protest to Reddit‚Äôs new proposed API changes, many popular
subreddits are shutting down their communities temporarily, on June
12th. 

EP63: LINUX FILE SYSTEM EXPLAINED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/ep63-linux-file-system-explained]

This system design refresher goes over how the Linux file system is
designed and provides a handy cheat sheet for SQL vs NoSQL databases. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c1f723d6-08f9-11ee-96c4-4ddfdad1b30a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686567630&t=1686568192&s=093ea117fc5b35961785a9e53b73b500778fa69399f69d8f08d6307913f7e6c3].