# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-05-2023

Comprehensive Rust is a three-day course used internally at Google to
teach Rust to experienced software engineers.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cd2ede2e-fac6-11ed-8eb7-fb17c0c58174&pt=campaign&t=1685012970&s=40eeb10c4fea232764a50ed9788b7ea9d5f2b78f08e110fccb89e3681195c71d]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Hiber]
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525]

 TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-25

🌎HIBER3D LETS YOU BUILD INTERACTIVE 3D WORLDS AND PUBLISH THEM TO
THE WEB USING REACT (SPONSOR)
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525]


The Hiber3D Development Kit (HDK) is a React framework
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525]
for creating web-based 3D experiences
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525].
It’s powered by a cross-platform, lightweight (<5MB) engine that’s
compatible across all major mobile, tablet, and desktop browsers.
HDK features built-in multiplayer, character controls, gameplay
mechanics, commerce connections, customizable avatars, and more,
allowing you to create interactive 3D worlds rapidly.
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525]
With a growing library of pre-built 3D assets you can get started
instantly.
Ready to share your creations? Embed them
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525]
on your website or publish to HiberWorld
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525],
a network of almost 5M worlds.

See live showcases (with code)
[https://hiberworld.com/developer?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230525],
get inspired, and build your own 3D world.

🧑‍💻 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

COMPREHENSIVE RUST (WEBSITE)
[https://google.github.io/comprehensive-rust/] 

Comprehensive Rust is a three-day course used internally at Google to
teach Rust to experienced software engineers. Created by the Android
team, it covers the full spectrum of Rust, from basic syntax to
advanced topics like generics and error handling. It also includes
Android-specific content on the last day. The course assumes no prior
Rust knowledge. 

HOW TO START A GO PROJECT IN 2023 (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://boyter.org/posts/how-to-start-go-project-2023/] 

This comprehensive guide goes over how to get started with Go in 2023.
It covers all the topics needed to be set up with Go in a productive
manner, such as unit testing, profiling, OS specific code, and useful
tools. 

HOW TO SET UP A DEV CONTAINER FOR A NEXT.JS APP (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/github/how-to-set-up-a-dev-container-for-a-nextjstypescript-app-2jd]


Many of us use in-browser sandbox tools like CodeSandbox, Replit,
GitPod, or GitHub for larger projects to make setting up your
environment seamless. One major hurdle in using these solutions is the
lack of knowledge on how to configure them to automatically run your
projects. This blog post will fill that gap by walking you through
setting up a development container for a static Next.js/TypeScript web
application so that it can automatically run in GitHub Codespaces. 

🧠 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

UNLEASHING YOUR POTENTIAL: 5 STRATEGIES TO IDENTIFY BREAKOUT
LEADERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES IN TECH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://doordash.engineering/2023/05/23/unleashing-your-potential-5-strategies-to-identify-breakout-leadership-opportunities-in-tech/]


Gayatri Iyengar, the Head of Engineering at DoorDash, believes that
the key to an exceptional career is taking advantage of breakout
opportunities - be it looking for a new job, moving to a new team, or
moving into a leadership role for the first time. To excel in such
breakout opportunities, it's vital to develop skills beyond technical
expertise, including skills such as leadership, business acumen,
entrepreneurial mindset, collaboration, problem-solving, and strategic
thinking. This blog post discusses five strategies to keep in mind to
make the most of your career. 

USING ANTI-REQUIREMENTS TO FIND SYSTEM BOUNDARIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://particular.net/blog/antirequirements] 

Starting a new project in a company involves lots of meetings with
business stakeholders to hash out initial requirements and canonical
data models. To help decompose a complex domain, we can use
anti-requirements to find attributes incorrectly lumped together on
the same entity. Using anti-requirements is a powerful way to increase
autonomy by breaking your domain into separate islands that can evolve
independently. 

WRITING PYTHON LIKE IT’S RUST (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kobzol.github.io/rust/python/2023/05/20/writing-python-like-its-rust.html]


A Python programmer switched to Rust for a while and experienced the
strictness of the Rust type system, while noticing all the problems
that it prevents “by construction”. Going back to Python’s
type-loose programming style after that was tough, so the author
adopted some concepts from Rust in his Python programs. In this post,
the author shows a few examples of such patterns applied to Python
programs. 

🚀 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AUTOMATIC COMMENTS GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://swiftstart.vercel.app/] 

Automatic Comments Generator looks through your code and adds comments
using AI throughout to improve code clarity. It can also connect to a
GitHub repository and create a pull request to do so automatically. 

RIO (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/raphamorim/rio] 

Rio is a terminal built to run everywhere, as a native desktop
application by Rust/WebGPU or even in the browser powered by
WebAssembly/WebGPU. 

CHAINFORGE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/ianarawjo/ChainForge] 

ChainForge is an open-source visual programming environment for
battle-testing prompts to LLMs. It is geared towards early-stage,
quick-and-dirty exploration of prompts and response quality that goes
beyond ad-hoc chatting with individual LLMs. With ChainForge, you can
query multiple LLMs at once to test prompt ideas and variations
quickly, compare response quality across prompt permutations and
across models to choose the best prompt and model for your use case,
set up an evaluation metric (scoring function), and immediately
visualize results across prompts, prompt parameters, and models. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE TINY CORP RAISED $5.1M (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://geohot.github.io//blog/jekyll/update/2023/05/24/the-tiny-corp-raised-5M.html]


Geohot, known for being the first person to carrier-unlock an iPhone
and jailbreaking the PS3, has raised $5.1M for his company “the tiny
corp.” The goal of the tiny corp is “to commoditize the
petaflop” by working on good software for AI chips. 

PYPI WAS SUBPOENAED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2023-05-24-pypi-was-subpoenaed/] 

In March and April 2023, the Python Software Foundation (PSF) received
three subpoenas for PyPI user data. All three subpoenas were issued by
the United States Department of Justice. The PSF was not provided with
context on the legal circumstances surrounding these subpoenas. In
total, user data related to five PyPI usernames were requested. 

APPLE IS ON THE HUNT FOR GENERATIVE AI TALENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/19/apple-generative-ai-jobs/] 

Apple has posted at least a dozen job ads on its career page seeking
experts in generative AI. Specifically, it’s looking for machine
learning specialists “passionate about building extraordinary
autonomous systems” in the field. The job ads (some of which seem to
cover the same role, or are calling for multiple applicants) first
started appearing April 27, with the most recent of them getting
published earlier this week. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

IMPROVING PERFORMANCE WITH LAZY PATTERN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/jacobandrewsky/improving-web-performance-with-lazy-pattern-3eia]


Lazy Pattern techniques like lazy loading and lazy hydration are a
great way to improve your web application’s performance. This
article explains both methods and explains how you can implement them
in your own code. 

TYPESCRIPT OR KOTLIN FOR A BACKEND? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/typescript-or-kotlin-for-a-backend-268191b56525] 

An experienced software engineer gives a thorough list of pros and
cons for both TypeScript and Kotlin for developing a RESTful API. 

OPEN SOURCING OUR RUST CRATE AUDITS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://opensource.googleblog.com/2023/05/open-sourcing-our-rust-crate-audits.html]


Google is aggregating and publishing audits for Rust crates that they
use in open-source Google projects. 

WHY BURNOUT AND LAYOFFS HIT SOME PEOPLE HARDER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/tech-works-why-burnout-and-layoffs-hit-some-people-harder/]


Burnout and layoffs can hit some groups harder than others, such as
those who aren’t represented as well in tech. The article lays out
tips to handle burnout in a better way and strategies to survive
layoffs, such as taking a break, networking early, and scrutinizing
future roles more. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cd2ede2e-fac6-11ed-8eb7-fb17c0c58174&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685012441&t=1685012970&s=1728f3ef47595105203176ef09909043aa2b96dae662ae4402595900a0972525].


 