# Articles TLDR Web Dev 15-09-2023

Instagram went from 0 to 14 million users in just over a year and it
did it with only three engineers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=65dd36c0-5378-11ee-9fbc-815e74723346&pt=campaign&t=1694775839&s=f140cc0510ad0824485fe2a31278f9d5da93765ddc24e6d45ae7f0d18638f38e]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-15

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW INSTAGRAM SCALED TO 14 MILLION USERS WITH ONLY 3 ENGINEERS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-instagram-scaled-to-14-million?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Instagram went from 0 to 14 million users in just over a year and it
did it with only three engineers. Its tech stack was surprisingly
simple, using AWS extensively and a monolithic Django backend. It also
used various caching tools like Redis and Memcached for better
performance as it scaled. This article provides a visual explanation
of Instagram‚Äôs tech stack by walking through the architecture using
the life of a request. 

GEOLOCATION (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://ipapi.is/geolocation.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Geolocation is the process of mapping IP addresses to a geographical
location defined by latitude and longitude. There are many use cases
for geolocation intelligence that are demanded by online businesses
and service providers. This tutorial goes over building a geolocation
database from scratch, with deep explanations and code examples along
the way. 

5 PRINCIPLES OF UNIT TESTING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/one-beyond/the-5-principles-of-unit-testing-1p5f?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Without any guidelines, it can be difficult to write effective tests.
In fact, testing code can become more complex and harder to maintain
than the actual production code! These best practices for unit testing
will help you to write lean, accurate, and easy-to-read testing code. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW I BECAME AN $800K META STAFF ENGINEER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jointaro.com/blog/how-i-became-an-800k-engineer/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article details one engineer's experience working with Meta and
how they increased their compensation from $390,000 in 2017 to
$823,000 in 2021. It covers their actions throughout the years and
discusses the main lessons learned. The article discusses how to
become a high earner and provides direct advice on how to achieve
similar levels of success. 

CODE REVIEW BOTTLENECKS: BEST PRACTICES TO SPEED UP THE PROCESS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itprotoday.com/development-techniques-and-management/code-review-bottlenecks-best-practices-speed-process?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

On average, code is stuck in review for five days (or a full
workweek), creating significant dev bottlenecks, unhappy developers,
and hits to the bottom line. This article offers ways to relieve code
review bottlenecks. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ELECTRICSQL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/electric-sql/electric?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

ElectricSQL is a local-first sync layer for web and mobile apps. It
allows developers to build reactive, real-time, local-first apps
directly on Postgres. The resulting apps have full-featured multi-user
collaboration and conflict-free offline support. 

POSTGRESQL 16 RELEASED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.postgresql.org/about/news/postgresql-16-released-2715/]

PostgreSQL 16 has notable improvements to query parallelism, bulk data
loading, and logical replication. It also features more SQL/JSON
syntax, new monitoring stats for your workloads, and greater
flexibility in defining access control rules for the management of
policies across large fleets. 

NPM-CHECK-UPDATES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/raineorshine/npm-check-updates?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Find newer versions of package dependencies than what your
package.json allows. npm-check-updates upgrades your package.json
dependencies to the latest versions, ignoring specified versions. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE TYRANNY OF THE MARGINAL USER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://nothinghuman.substack.com/p/the-tyranny-of-the-marginal-user?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Companies building apps have strong incentives to gain more users,
even users who derive very little value from the app. The metric
usually used to track if more users are using an app is DAUs, or daily
active users. This means that designers and engineers start targeting
‚Äúmarginal users‚Äù, or people who are on the fringe of being regular
users. They start changing the product to pull in these marginal
users, but this usually makes the product worse for the core user base
as a result. 

GAME DEVELOPMENT POST-UNITY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.computerenhance.com/p/game-development-post-unity?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Unity recently announced some pricing changes for game developers that
received a lot of backlash. Even though they backtracked many of their
changes, many game developers have lost trust in Unity. This article
goes over many alternatives to Unity, such as Unreal Engine and Godot,
while explaining their respective development languages, benefits, and
drawbacks. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

IN A GIT REPOSITORY, WHERE DO YOUR FILES LIVE? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/09/14/in-a-git-repository--where-do-your-files-live-/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

git stores files in .git/objects. 

CHROMEBOOKS WILL GET 10 YEARS OF AUTOMATIC UPDATES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/outreach-initiatives/education/automatic-update-extension-chromebook/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Chromebooks get automatic updates every four weeks for the next 10
years that will make the laptop more secure. 

GOOGLERS TOLD TO AVOID WORDS LIKE ‚ÄòSHARE‚Äô AND ‚ÄòBUNDLE,‚Äô US
SAYS (3 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/XsDSf]

Google is on trial in Washington DC over US allegations that it
illegally maintained a monopoly in the online search business. The US
government has said that Google avoids using certain words internally
in order to protect themselves from scrutiny 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=65dd36c0-5378-11ee-9fbc-815e74723346&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694775621&t=1694775839&s=c0937225a354d0efa322ff6f81620cac06082eb1074540afeec82cb852e3d3a9].