# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-07-2023

There are often multiple ways to solve a problem, and picking the
right one is letting someone own the solution.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a5d3f9c0-2d27-11ee-9dfa-c91d1ad5ae18&pt=campaign&t=1690542261&s=3d66e31c67e6ac5af911664a540fee93dbff2d176d1fb5505d95596d2b13ac1a]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://blog.postman.com/postman-vs-code-extension-early-access-with-new-features/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev&utm_term=july_28_2023&utm_content=vs-code-extension]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-28

üÜï POSTMAN VS CODE EXTENSION: SEND API REQUESTS ACROSS MULTIPLE
PROTOCOLS FROM WITHIN VS CODE (SPONSOR)
[https://blog.postman.com/postman-vs-code-extension-early-access-with-new-features/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev&utm_term=july_28_2023&utm_content=vs-code-extension]

This brand-new Postman extension
[https://blog.postman.com/postman-vs-code-extension-early-access-with-new-features/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev&utm_term=july_28_2023&utm_content=vs-code-extension]
lets you develop and test your APIs directly from Visual Studio Code:

	* Create and send HTTP, raw WebSocket, and gRPC requests.
	* Import data with cURL commands.
	* Edit and send requests from a workspace's request history.
	* Create cookies and send them with requests.
	* Create and manage collections and environments.

You can install the Postman VS Code extension from the VS Code
marketplace. It‚Äôs still in early access, so expect many advancements
to come!

Learn More
[https://blog.postman.com/postman-vs-code-extension-early-access-with-new-features/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_webdev&utm_term=july_28_2023&utm_content=vs-code-extension]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

BUILDING AND OPERATING A PRETTY BIG STORAGE SYSTEM CALLED S3 (25
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2023/07/building-and-operating-a-pretty-big-storage-system.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article dives into how S3 works, the steps taken to build it, and
how it runs today. One of the people involved in building it talks
about the personal, technical, and organizational challenges he faced
along the way. One of the greatest learnings and career accelerators
was ownership and encouraging ownership in others. There are often
multiple ways to solve a problem, and picking the right one is letting
someone own the solution.

CONSISTENCY PATTERNS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://systemdesign.one/consistency-patterns/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A system design tutorial on 3 consistency patterns used in distributed
systems. Strong consistency ensures that all servers always retrieve
the latest data, but it can reduce service availability and increase
latency. Eventual consistency, which favors high availability and
performance over consistency, ensures that the system will eventually
converge to the same state, but it may return stale data in the
interim. Weak consistency, which prioritizes high availability and low
latency, may or may not return the latest data. The choice of
consistency pattern depends on the system requirements and use cases.

SHRINKING VS CODE WITH NAME MANGLING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2023/07/20/mangling-vscode?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

VSCode was able to reduce their Javascript size by 20%, or 3.9MB,
without actually doing any deleting or refactoring thanks to a new
‚Äúname mangling‚Äù build step. This reduction not only means less
code to download and store, but also improves startup time as less
source code needs to be scanned before the JavaScript is run. This is
a great read on how the VSCode team identified the technical problem
and how they arrived at the solution.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING A CODE REVIEWER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/expedia-group-tech/the-importance-of-being-a-code-reviewer-fdbd910fbce7?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Reviewing others‚Äô code consistently can improve your skills and
leverage your career. You can help others grow, as well as give value
to the company you work with. This article delves into the benefits of
reviewing code in a pull request and gives some advice on the approach
to follow when doing it, like interacting with other colleagues.

SO YOU WANT TO BE A MANAGER - PART 2: DEBUNKING MYTHS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thecaringtechie.com/p/so-you-want-to-be-a-manager-p2?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article addresses and debunks 8 of the most common myths about
the engineering manager (EM) role so you can feel empowered to decide
whether becoming an EM is the right fit for you. For example, it‚Äôs a
myth that management is the natural next step for great individual
contributors. Furthermore, you don‚Äôt have to become a manager to be
a leader.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

HONO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/honojs/hono?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Hono is a small, simple, and ultrafast web framework for the Edges. It
works on any JavaScript runtime: Cloudflare Workers, Fastly
Compute@Edge, Deno, Bun, Vercel, Lagon, AWS Lambda, and Node.js.

PR-AGENT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Codium-ai/pr-agent?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

CodiumAI PR-Agent is an open-source tool aiming to help developers
review pull requests faster and more efficiently. It automatically
analyzes the pull request and provides several types of feedback, such
as auto-descriptions, PR reviews, question answering, and code
suggestions.

PEERDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/PeerDB-io/peerdb?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

PeerDB is a Postgres-first data-movement platform that makes moving
data in and out of Postgres fast and simple. It enables you to sync,
transform, and query data across your stores using simple SQL
commands. PeerDB implements multiple Postgres native and
infrastructural optimizations for 10x faster data-movement in and out
of PostgreSQL.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT IS LANGSMITH AND WHY SHOULD I CARE AS A DEVELOPER? (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/cyFv8?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Due to the nature of LLMs and their inherent dynamism, traditional
software tooling is often ill-equipped to handle these models out of
the box. This post explores the latest product by the team that
created LangChain (the most popular LLM software tool) and see what
new parts of the LLM stack LangSmith hopes to tackle.

EXPLORING GENERATIVE AI (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/exploring-gen-ai.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This post explores some generative AI tools for coding. It compares
various tools, like GitHub Copilot, and talks through the upsides and
downsides of using them.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

DEVOPS AND CLOUD INFOQ TRENDS REPORT ‚Äì JULY 2023 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoq.com/articles/cloud-devops-trends-2023/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A trends report of DevOps and Cloud innovation. For example, cloud
innovation has moved to focusing on migrating and re-architecting
workloads. AI and LLms can help address cognitive overload by helping
with support tasks, like ticketing systems and basic code generation.

101 JAVASCRIPT CONCEPTS YOU NEED TO KNOW (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/in/101-javascript-concepts-you-need-to-know-59h8/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

101 JavaScript concepts that every web dev should know, ranging from
the basics (like data types) to the more advanced (like WebRTC).

MULTIBOY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/tjholm/multiboy?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A multiplayer GameBoy powered by WebRTC and Nitric.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a5d3f9c0-2d27-11ee-9dfa-c91d1ad5ae18&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690542021&t=1690542261&s=7dd3b5a9cc77ac15d2ecfec4b726082c2011b649f8a9d5927fe2b224692d9e7d].