# Articles TLDR Web Dev 07-07-2023

In the realm of front-end development, terms and paradigms can
sometimes be mystifying¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=63f6f1a8-1c9f-11ee-9708-994d0153030d&pt=campaign&t=1688727837&s=ab0017a2a9e8b1860c834c95b7e1caeff959efa684351d4c4166a3fb55ba9513]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Elegant Themes]
[https://www.elegantthemes.com/affiliates/idevaffiliate.php?id=50219]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-07

THIS IS THE WORLD'S MOST POPULAR WORDPRESS THEME (SPONSOR)
[https://www.elegantthemes.com/affiliates/idevaffiliate.php?id=50219]

Divi by Elegant Themes
[https://www.elegantthemes.com/affiliates/idevaffiliate.php?id=50219]¬†is
the world's most popular premium WordPress theme in the world
according to data from BuiltWith.
It's more than a theme, it's a website building framework that makes
it possible to design beautiful WordPress websites without ever
touching a single line of code or installing a plugin.

It will change the way you think about¬†WordPress, check it out here
[https://www.elegantthemes.com/affiliates/idevaffiliate.php?id=50219]!

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

DECOUPLING UI AND LOGIC IN REACT: A CLEAN CODE APPROACH WITH HEADLESS
COMPONENTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/decoupling-ui-and-logic-in-react-a-clean-code-approach-with-headless-components-82e46b5820c]

In the realm of front-end development, terms and paradigms can
sometimes be mystifying. Headless UI, or headless components, may very
well fall into this category. Headless components may seem esoteric,
but their true power lies in their flexibility, reusability potential,
and ability to improve your codebase‚Äôs organization and cleanliness.
This article demystifies this pattern, shedding light on what it is,
why it‚Äôs beneficial, and how it can revolutionize your approach to
interface design. 

DEVELOPER ESSENTIALS: HOW TO SEARCH CODE USING GREP (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/blog/searching-code-with-grep/]

Wherever you are on your web development journey, you'll be searching
for text or patterns in your code. Searching through code and text is
one of the most common tasks you'll be performing while you're
building for the web. With this post, you‚Äôll learn what grep is,
what it can do, and why it‚Äôs one of the most powerful command-line
tools you will use when working with code. 

THE UX OF FLIGHT SEARCHES: HOW WE CHALLENGED INDUSTRY STANDARDS (18
MINUTE READ)
[https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/07/reimagining-flight-search-ux/]

As of today, the world‚Äôs 50 top airlines have all agreed on the same
flight search pattern: form, then route, then departure airport, and
so on. This fictitious case study takes a look at rethinking the UX of
flight searches. The author puts together comprehensive designs and
presents a new way of searching for flights. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE IMPORTANCE OF EMOTIONAL INTELLIGENCE IN EFFECTIVE LEADERSHIP (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/emotional-intelligence-leadership]

Effective leadership is crucial for the success of any organization.
Emotional intelligence is a critical component of leadership because
it helps leaders to communicate effectively, build strong
relationships, manage conflicts, and inspire their teams to achieve
their goals. This blog post explores the importance of emotional
intelligence in effective leadership and how it can impact the success
of an organization. 

BECOME WELL CONNECTED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/developingskills/p/issue-6-become-well-connected]

In our careers, relationships matter. Becoming well connected and
networking properly can lead to career growth when one might least
expect it. This article presents a few tips to stay well-connected,
such as consistently following up, keeping a list of dream contacts,
and systemizing keeping in touch. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AWS DOCS GPT (WEBSITE) [https://www.awsdocsgpt.com/]

AWS Docs GPT provides AI-powered search and chat for AWS
Documentation. 

AUTOMIZE (WEBSITE) [https://automize.dev/]

Automize provides an intuitive GUI for selecting elements for testing
or web scraping. It makes it easy to select complicated elements. 

FIR (WEBSITE) [https://livefir.fly.dev]

The Fir toolkit is designed for Go developers with moderate HTML, CSS,
and JavaScript skills who want to progressively build reactive web
apps without mastering complex web frameworks. It includes a Go
library and an Alpine.js plugin. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TWITTER VS INSTAGRAM THREADS: TWO DIFFERENT APPROACHES TO THROTTLING
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/twitter-vs-instagram-threads-two]

Last weekend, Twitter started to throttle usage, limiting users to a
few hundred tweet impressions and then cutting them off for the day.
It‚Äôs still unclear what exactly caused this move, but it surely had
to do with infrastructure issues. Instagram Threads enjoyed a major
launch with no throttling in place. Within the first 24 hours, Threads
passed 30 million sign ups. 

LEADING YOUR PLATFORM MIGRATION WITH DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-07-03-leading-your-platform-migration-with-developer-experience/]

When undergoing a platform migration, it may be tempting to dive
straight into requirements and metrics. However, it‚Äôs crucial to
take a step back and assess the developer experience (DevEx). This
article explores how empowering developers with the right environment
is the key to unlocking their full potential and driving innovation. 

THE BLURRY LINE BETWEEN FORMATTING AND STYLE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.joshuakgoldberg.com/the-blurry-line-between-formatting-and-style/]

The delineation of formatting vs. stylistic concerns is normally
pretty straightforward to follow. But there are some edge cases in
formatting/style that seem to cross the divide and make it unclear
when to use which tools. This article covers some of these surprising
intricacies, along with how you can resolve them. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SHOPIFY CEO MAKES A COMMIT TO LLAMA.CPP (GITHUB PULL REQUEST)
[https://github.com/ggerganov/llama.cpp/pull/1998]

Shopify CEO Tobi Lutke makes a pull request to llama.cpp, which is
Meta‚Äôs open-source LLM outfitted to work locally. 

THE 10 BEST JAVASCRIPT FRAMEWORKS TO USE IN 2023 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/the-10-best-javascript-frameworks-to-use-in-2023]

With new frameworks emerging and existing ones evolving, it's
important to stay updated on the latest tools available to enhance
your JavaScript development process. This blog post features the top
JavaScript frameworks to consider using in 2023, along with their pros
and cons. 

TRANSITION BETWEEN PAGES SMOOTHLY WITH A SINGLE LINE OF CODE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.silvestar.codes/articles/transition-between-pages-smoothly-with-a-single-line-of-code/]

CSS View Transitions is one of the latest additions to Chromium-based
browsers and this article teaches you how to take advantage of this
new feature with 1 line of code. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=63f6f1a8-1c9f-11ee-9708-994d0153030d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688727618&t=1688727837&s=d3dfb8efd10f90e2c1490f081d020258d5cb3296dc71923bbbfcb380453ff719].