# Articles TLDR Web Dev 16-08-2023

Most people have experienced finding something great beyond the
popular defaults.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=625449c0-3c09-11ee-b7b3-cb7f21af3020&pt=campaign&t=1692183839&s=c8be80c0c722bc7e619f0441b03f5b37c49bb861292afacf73076cc60095f021]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Lumigo]
[https://lumigo.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230816]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-16

MICROSERVICES TROUBLESHOOTING ‚Äî BUILT FOR DEVELOPERS (SPONSOR)
[https://lumigo.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230816]

What happens when there‚Äôs trouble in production? Right now, you dig
through logs. Then you correlate. Then you add missing logs. Then you
redeploy. Then you find out you need to do it all again üòñ
If that sounds a bit meh, here‚Äôs another idea. Join tens of
thousands of other developers and use Lumigo
[https://lumigo.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230816] to
troubleshoot your microservices environment.

With end-to-end tracing and http payload data
[https://lumigo.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230816], you can
troubleshoot production issues in minutes - no logs required.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Quickly follow issues upstream and determine root cause

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Debug using the actual HTTP payloads

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Trace everything in one click, with no code changes

Create a FREE account to start tracing
[https://lumigo.io/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230816]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THINGS YOU FORGOT (OR NEVER KNEW) BECAUSE OF REACT (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://joshcollinsworth.com/blog/antiquated-react#scaling-isnt-really-a-frontend-concern-anymore?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Most people have experienced finding something great beyond the
popular defaults. People are shutting themselves off from great things
without even realizing it because they aren't trying to find better
things beyond familiar boundaries. This applies to tools and
workflows, just as much as it does to any other area of life. This
article looks at how React is the new default framework and how many
people who use it on a regular basis don't realize how much it has
fallen behind other tools. 

HOW WE REDUCED THE COST OF BUILDING TWITTER AT TWITTER-SCALE BY 100X
(56 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.redplanetlabs.com/2023/08/15/how-we-reduced-the-cost-of-building-twitter-at-twitter-scale-by-100x/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A company built a Twitter-scale Mastodon instance from scratch in only
10k lines of code. They used a platform called Rama to build it
quickly and efficiently. Rama unifies computation and storage into a
coherent model capable of building end-to-end backends at any scale in
100x less code than otherwise. 

THE DOWNSIDES OF MICROSERVICES ARCHITECTURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3703232/the-downsides-of-microservices-architecture.amp.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A microservices architecture for application development in the cloud
is an architectural approach that builds a software application as a
collection of small (micro), loosely coupled services. Microservices
came in with a great deal of momentum a few years ago, but now we‚Äôre
seeing their drawbacks for applications on cloud platforms. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

EVERYTHING YOU WISH YOU COULD ASK YOUR MANAGER: MAIN TAKEAWAYS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/everything-you-wish-you-could-ask?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article jumps into actionable advice for salary negotiation,
manager 1-1s, promotion, and more. It goes into how to show your value
as an engineer and how to prepare yourself for promotion at all times.


THE 5 PILLARS OF THRIVING TEAMS AND EXTRAORDINARY WORKPLACE CULTURE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.entrepreneur.com/leadership/the-5-pillars-of-extraordinary-teams/456880?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Explore the five pillars that create extraordinary team cultures in
organizations. These are the keys to boosting productivity,
cultivating fulfillment, and fostering well-being among your team. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LOTTIELAB (WEBSITE) [https://www.lottielab.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Lottielab is a web-based animation tool. It aims to reduce the
friction of creating and editing product animations by providing an
easy-to-use editor with out-of-the-box support for import and export
of the Lottie format and many others. 

NIM V2.0 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://nim-lang.org/blog/2023/08/01/nim-v20-released.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Nim is a programming language that is good for everything, but not for
everybody. It focuses on the imperative programming paradigm and
enhances it with a macro system. Version 2.0 is an evolution (not
revolution) of Nim, bringing ORC memory management as a default, along
with many other new features and improvements. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SCI-FI IDEA BANK (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/sci-fi-idea-bank?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

One way to look at progress in tech is that we‚Äôre just working our
way through ideas that sci-fi writers came up with a long time ago. So
a bank of those ideas might be a roadmap to the future and a compass
for those who want to build the sci-fi futures we were promised. This
author has put together a list of 3,746 sci-fi ideas that are from
various pieces of fiction and media. 

HOW IS LLAMA.CPP POSSIBLE? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://finbarr.ca/how-is-llama-cpp-possible/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Recently, a project rewrote the LLaMa inference code in raw C++. With
some optimizations and quantizing the weights, this allows running an
LLM locally on a wild variety of hardware, like a Pixel 5 and Macbook
Pro. This is possible because of the memory bandwidth requirements of
the model. 

A SENIOR ENGINEER/EM JOB SEARCH STORY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/a-senior-engineer-em-job-search-story/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This interview with a software engineer based in New York with more
than 15 years of experience looks at how they navigated the job market
after being impacted by the industry-wide job cuts earlier this year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHOOSING THE RIGHT LANGUAGE FOR YOUR PROJECT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/choosing-the-right-programming-language-for-your-project-a-comprehensive-guide?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Selecting the appropriate programming language is a critical decision
that can significantly impact the success of your software project.
With an abundance of options available, it's easy to feel overwhelmed.
This comprehensive guide explored practical insights, real-world
examples, and actionable tips to help you navigate this crucial choice
and ensure your project's success. 

AI TOWN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a16z-infra/ai-town?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

AI Town is a virtual town where AI characters live, chat, and
socialize. This project is a deployable starter kit for easily
building and customizing your own version of AI Town. 

REAL ESTATE MARKETS SCRAMBLE FOLLOWING CYBERATTACK ON LISTINGS
PROVIDER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/5-days-on-cyberattack-on-data-provider-stymies-realty-markets-throughout-the-us/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Home buyers, sellers, real estate agents, and listing websites
throughout the US have been stymied for five days by a cyberattack on
a California company that provides a crucial online service used to
track home listings. The attack, which commenced last Wednesday,
targeted Rapottoni, a software and services provider that supplies
Multiple Listing Services to regional real estate groups nationwide. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=625449c0-3c09-11ee-b7b3-cb7f21af3020&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692183618&t=1692183839&s=d92da7a4157db61b8b738bff734f1ec937618392f51f22dd2254d3a8a52c5810].