# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-04-2023

Exactly when and how does React update the view?¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=471e8810-e596-11ed-9149-1764b2241cbb&pt=campaign&t=1682680051&s=7eeb596565465d963f4386d44a498f815b2f30492e2c164641fc97606756aae9]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-28

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE INTERACTIVE GUIDE TO RENDERING IN REACT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://ui.dev/why-react-renders] 

React is generally a simple model to understand, where a view is a
function of the state. However, there is one concept that is harder to
understand: rendering. Exactly when and how does React update the
view? This interactive guide makes understanding React rendering
simple. 

SCALING A MONOLITH WITH 5 DIFFERENT PATTERNS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://codeopinion.com/scaling-a-monolith-with-5-different-patterns/]


When it comes to scaling a monolith, the first thought is usually to
move to microservices. However, there are other things you can do to
make your existing monolith scale. 

INCONSISTENT JAVASCRIPT IMPORTS CAN LEAD TO DUPLICATE CODE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://guilhermesimoes.github.io/blog/inconsistent-javascript-imports-can-lead-to-duplicate-code]


Sometimes, importing the same package in different ways can lead to
duplicate code. This leads to increased bundle sizes and potentially
worse performance. This article lays out a simple way to identify and
fix such a problem in a codebase. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOTSPOT PERFORMANCE ENGINEERING FAILS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://lemire.me/blog/2023/04/27/hotspot-performance-engineering-fails/]


Most software developers believe that to improve performance in an
application, an audit can be done to find performance bottlenecks. In
theory, each application has such bottlenecks that improve performance
dramatically when solved. However, this article lists out various
reasons why this case isn‚Äôt usually true. 

HOW THE AGILE MANIFESTO CHANGED NOTHING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://onengineering.substack.com/p/how-the-agile-manifesto-changed-nothing]


Written in 2001, the Agile Manifesto outlined the engineering
processes for an ideal, lean, and efficient software organization. It
encompassed engineering processes like test often, ship working code,
and integrate continuously. However, while Agile was adopted widely
across the industry, the author argues that many companies have missed
the mark with what the Agile Manifesto was really about. 

A SHORTCUT TO BECOME A GO-TO ENGINEER IN YOUR TEAM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/bolshchikov/a-shortcut-to-become-a-go-to-engineer-in-your-team-32mi]


This article gives tips on how to become the go-to engineer on your
team by leveraging knowledge of your team‚Äôs codebase architecture. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LINEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linen.dev/s/linen/t/10511167/linen-dev-the-500kb-slack-alternative]


Linen is an open-source Google searchable open-source Slack/Discord
alternative for communities. Its goal is to merge the advantages of a
forum with the real-time interaction of chat. Linen‚Äôs bundle size is
very small: only 500KB gzipped. 

REACT HOTKEYS HOOK (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/JohannesKlauss/react-hotkeys-hook] 

React Hotkeys Hook is a React hook for using keyboard shortcuts in
components in a declarative way. 

NEXT ROUTE VISUALIZER (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/DiiiaZoTe/next-route-visualizer] 

Next Route Visualizer is designed to display the routes for the
‚Äòapp‚Äô directory of Next.js 13 in a visual tree-like fashion. This
package aims to help developers better understand the routes in their
Next.js app directory by providing a clear visual representation of
the routes and their relationships. This package can be useful if you
are new to the Next.js 13‚Äôs new ‚Äòapp‚Äô directory and need to
visualize it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT DEVELOPERS NEED TO KNOW ABOUT GENERATIVE AI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-04-07-what-developers-need-to-know-about-generative-ai/]


GitHub provides an overview of generative AI tasks, such as code,
image, and data generation. It also explains how the foundations of
generative AI, such as LLMs and GANs, work and lays out example
applications across fields like finance, healthcare, gaming, and more.


THE FUTURE OF PROGRAMMING: RESEARCH AT CHI 2023 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://austinhenley.com/blog/futureofprogramming2023.html] 

CHI 2023 is a conference for leading human-computer interaction
research. This blog post lists some interesting papers related to
programming, such as visual methods to debug better. 

LEARN WEBGPU (WEBSITE) [https://eliemichel.github.io/LearnWebGPU/] 

This documentation walks you through the use of the WebGPU graphics
API to create native 3D applications in C++ from scratch, for Windows,
Linux, and macOS. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT‚ÄôS NEW IN CHROME DEVTOOLS 113 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-devtools-113/] 

Chrome 113‚Äôs DevTools come with a host of new features, but the
biggest feature is the long-requested ability to override network
response headers. With response header overrides, you can locally
prototype fixes for various headers, such as CORS headers. 

ACCESSIBLE TARGET SIZES CHEATSHEET (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/04/accessible-tap-target-sizes-rage-taps-clicks/]


This article lays out practical guidelines to prevent rage taps and
rage clicks with accessible tap targets for icons, links and buttons
on both desktop and mobile. 

BRAVE SEARCH REMOVES LAST REMNANT OF BING FROM SEARCH RESULTS PAGE (4
MINUTE READ) [https://brave.com/search-independence/] 

Every Web search result seen in Brave Search is now served by
Brave‚Äôs own index. They have removed all search API calls to Bing,
which previously represented about 7% of query results. 

GOOGLE CLOUD SERVICES HIT BY OUTAGE IN PARIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/google-cloud-services-hit-by-outage-in-paris/]


Google Cloud was hit by an outage of a high number of services
yesterday when a data center in Paris caught fire around midnight
Tuesday. The fire caused the fire department to soak the building with
water, precipitating a multi-cluster failure which shut down more than
90 cloud services. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=471e8810-e596-11ed-9149-1764b2241cbb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682679622&t=1682680051&s=bc7395c44aafee986dda89c071e3b5ab8db6f555a180ec899ee3efec311e0072].


¬†