# Articles TLDR Web Dev 15-08-2023

Tailwind CSS is a ubiquitous frontend styling framework.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=98d57bd2-3b45-11ee-a031-7f6f63a6bfcf&pt=campaign&t=1692097531&s=a2c107f38c0c9cf0ea4be0f08a77208c6129465610ac3a53b3bd53bb34814618]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Hired]
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-15

JOB HUNTING SUCKS. TRY HIRED INSTEAD (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

The job market is heating back up. Hired has 2,121 open positions
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]
for developers like you: front-end, back-end, product - you name it.
And here‚Äôs the best part‚Ä¶

You don‚Äôt need to apply for jobs. Companies approach you with salary
details
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]
upfront ü§Ø

No cover letters. No endless rounds of leetcode just to hear an
insulting offer. No back and forth with recruiters on LinkedIn.

Oh, and it‚Äôs free
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job].
You‚Äôve got literally nothing to lose by signing up.

‚úîÔ∏è Zoom, Shopify, Dropbox and 10k other companies have already
hired on Hired.

üòè Join now to get offers (100% free for candidates)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

ASK LIKE A HUMAN: IMPLEMENTING SEMANTIC SEARCH ON STACK OVERFLOW (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/07/31/ask-like-a-human-implementing-semantic-search-on-stack-overflow/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This blog documents how Stack Overflow transitioned from traditional
lexical search using matching keywords to semantic search that uses
embeddings to understand queries as natural language questions. It
describes the problems with lexical search that made the team
transition to semantic search and the challenges with implementing
semantic search, such as choosing the right tech stack and model. 

DESIGNING ACCESSIBLE TEXT OVER IMAGES: BEST PRACTICES, TECHNIQUES, AND
RESOURCES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/08/designing-accessible-text-over-images-part1/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is the first of a two-part tutorial that focuses on best
practices for designing accessible text over images for web and mobile
app content. Each technique has examples and additional resources for
implementation. For example, you should strive to maintain a high
contrast ratio between text and images to ensure legibility and
readability. There are various techniques for achieving this, such as
using overlays, scrims, and blurred backgrounds. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHY TAILWIND CSS WON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/why-tailwind-css-won?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Tailwind CSS is a ubiquitous frontend styling framework. It became
popular because there is no need to context switch to CSS files during
development, it makes it easy to copy & paste styles on HTML blocks,
and it doesn't depend on other libraries. 

IF YOU SUCCEED, YOU WILL FAIL (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://boyter.org/posts/if-you-succeed-you-will-fail/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Sometimes, success can lead to inevitable failure. This is especially
when success is achieved through short-term strategies. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DISTRIBUTED CODE REVIEW FOR GIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/google/git-appraise?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google has released a command line tool for performing code reviews on
git repositories. This tool is a distributed code review system for
git repos. Code reviews are stored inside of the repository as git
objects. Every developer in a team has their own copy of the review
history that they can push or pull. The tool automatically merges
updates from the remote repo when pulling. 

LEARNDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/spandanb/learndb-py?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

LearnDB helps students better understand the internals of databases by
implementing a relational database management system from scratch. It
allows students to delve into the internals of a functioning
relational database and learn from it. 

SUPABASE STUDIO 3.0: AI SQL EDITOR, SCHEMA DIAGRAMS, AND NEW WRAPPERS
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://supabase.com/blog/supabase-studio-3-0?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Supabase Studio 3.0 has been released with big improvements to its AI
SQL editor. You can interact with your SQL queries as easily as
talking to ChatGPT. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW DISCORD ROLLED OUT YUBIKEYS FOR ALL EMPLOYEES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://discord.com/blog/how-discord-rolled-out-yubikeys-for-all-employees?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

An interesting read on how Discord rolled out WebAuthn and YubiKeys to
all its employees in global locations. The article talks about why
Discord made the decision to transition - the vulnerability of
traditional MFA methods to phishing and SIM jacking attacks. Discord's
rollout involved migrating to Okta as their primary Identity Provider,
distributing two or more Web Auth authenticators, like YubiKeys, to
all employees, and implementing a phased rollout plan across different
departments. The article highlights the challenges and lessons learned
during the rollout, many of which can be applicable to many other
corporate environments. 

ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOR ENGINEERS: SELLING OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/entrepreneurship-for-engineers-selling-open-source-software/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

No matter what kind of company you intend to build ‚Äî open source or
proprietary, DevTool or not ‚Äî at least one of the company founders
will have to close deals at the beginning of the company‚Äôs life.
Even as the company gets larger, founders still need to be involved in
sales, especially big deals. Selling open source software can be
difficult, but talking to multiple experienced open-source salespeople
can provide some eye opening perspectives. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

JAVASCRIPT WAITFOR POLLING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidwalsh.name/waitfor?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A quick look into JavaScript‚Äôs waitFor, an async function that
allows developers to provide a condition function, polling interval,
and optional timeout. 

WAYS I EXPECT AI REGULATION TO INCREASE X-RISK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://1a3orn.com/sub/essays-regulation-stories.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Short stories about some of the ways AI regulation could increase
existential risk to humanity. 

CAN REACT SERVER ACTIONS FINALLY FIX FORMS? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mux.com/blog/what-are-react-server-actions?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Interacting with the server used to be painful in React. React‚Äôs new
Server Actions makes building forms much easier. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=98d57bd2-3b45-11ee-a031-7f6f63a6bfcf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692097279&t=1692097531&s=4cb8848f5f80aa64044fb5beeb35b10e8011e121ccbd957a2cda222cbce795e3].