# Articles TLDR Web Dev 14-06-2023

Million is an extremely fast and lightweight (<4kb) virtual DOM that
makes React components up to 70% faster  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3e1cbd72-0a6c-11ee-912b-ab887d6f9ee9&pt=campaign&t=1686741679&s=de05850172a8957805e9135f3e3dd69f038cce431779fe3b0435c63935971bdc]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Hired]
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]

 TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-14

FIND A JOB WITHOUT JOBHUNTING (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]


Job hunting sucks. You rifle through hundreds of job postings looking
for “front-end ninjas”. You write cover letters no one reads. You
do lengthy interviews just to find out that the salary is way below
your expectations.
Or you do none of that and use Hired
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]
instead:

1️⃣ Answer a few questions 
2️⃣ Companies send you offers with salary and compensation details
upfront
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]
3️⃣ Choose, interview, and accept an offer

Hired has 2147 open positions for developers like you. Zoom, Shopify,
Dropbox and 10k other companies have already hired on Hired.

➡️ Join now to get offers (100% free for candidates)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

🧑‍💻 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

SURVEY REVEALS AI’S IMPACT ON THE DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE (22 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-13-survey-reveals-ais-impact-on-the-developer-experience/]


In this blog post, GitHub takes a deep dive into how AI is impacting
the developer experience, and the results are quite positive. Through
both surveys and quantitative metrics, they found that AI helps
developers enter a flow state while coding and increases their
productivity. Developers are utilizing AI to help them upskill and
learn new technologies, tools, and processes faster. AI reduces the
time spent on writing boilerplate code while allowing engineers to
focus more on software architecture and solution design. 

EXPLORING TYPESCRIPT 5 FEATURES: SMALLER, SIMPLER, FASTER (13 MINUTE
READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/exploring-typescript-5-features-smaller-simpler-faster/]


From performance enhancements to streamlined syntax, TypeScript 5 is
poised to be a game-changer for developers looking to build
high-quality web applications with ease. This article takes a look at
the new and improved features TypeScript 5 brings, such as method
overload, and decorators. It also lists some deprecations to be aware
of, for example, relational operators like ‘ns: string | number’. 

INSIDE AGODA’S PRIVATE CLOUD (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/inside-agodas-private-cloud-b6e]


Agoda is a leading online travel booking platform in Asia. Unlike
Uber, Agoda does not make use of public cloud providers, having
decided to build out its own private cloud instead. This issue of the
Pragmatic Engineer covers the numbers related to Agoda’s private
cloud, the hardware inside Agoda’s private cloud, and Agoda’s
cloud strategy and usage. It also provides advice for choosing between
deploying an on-premise cloud versus using the public cloud. 

🧠 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

DON'T MAKE THE SAME 3 PERFORMANCE REVIEW MISTAKES I MADE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/dont-make-the-same-3-performance]


When it comes time for performance reviews, it’s important to
communicate your accomplishments correctly. While it’s a common
practice to note down engineering wins, it’s more important to
express business wins through your engineering work. This article
gives useful tips for how to write the best possible performance
review. 

4 MYTHS AND 1 TRUTH ABOUT SCHEDULING MEETINGS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.boomerangapp.com/2023/06/4-myths-and-1-truth-about-scheduling-meetings/]


In this article, Boomerang looks at a data set of over 3.5 million
proposed meeting times around the globe and debunks 4 prevalent myths
around scheduling meetings. For example, contrary to popular belief,
Mondays are actually the most preferred day to have meetings as people
usually want to get weekly meetings out of the way as soon as
possible. The best time to schedule a meeting is at 11am Monday
morning. Boomerang confirmed that Fridays were the worst days to have
meetings, especially Friday afternoons. 

DEVELOPER EXPERIENCE: WHAT IS IT AND WHY SHOULD YOU CARE? (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-08-developer-experience-what-is-it-and-why-should-you-care/]


Developer experience consists of developer productivity, developer
impact, and developer satisfaction. It’s important to focus on
having a good developer experience at engineering-focused companies as
all the above factors lead to a more collaborative environment between
devs. Furthermore, the second-order effects of a better developer
experience include higher revenue, more customer growth, and increased
customer satisfaction. 

🚀 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

MILLION (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/aidenybai/million] 

Million is an extremely fast and lightweight (<4kb) virtual DOM that
makes React components up to 70% faster. It makes creating web apps
with fast rendering and loading speeds easy (it's just wrapping a
React component). Million.js reduces the overhead of React immensely
by using a fine-tuned, optimized virtual DOM. 

FUNCTION CALLING AND OTHER API UPDATES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/function-calling-and-other-api-updates] 

OpenAI has released new updates to the gpt-3.5-turbo and gpt-4 APIs.
These updates introduce function calling capabilities, a new way to
more reliably connect GPT's capabilities with external tools and APIs.
The updates also include a 75% cost reduction of embeddings and a 25%
cost reduction on input tokens for gpt-3.5-turbo. gpt-3.5-turbo now
has a 16k context version. 

RESEND (WEBSITE) [https://resend.com/] 

Resend is a modern email sending platform focused on providing the
best developer experience. With Resend, you can code your email using
React instead of outdated HTML table layouts. It also provides higher
performance and better observability compared to competing platforms. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

HYPE OR NOT? AI’S BENEFITS FOR DEVELOPERS EXPLORED IN THE 2023
DEVELOPER SURVEY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/06/13/hype-or-not-developers-have-something-to-say-about-ai/]


The results of Stack Overflow’s 2023 developer survey show that
developers are already using AI in their daily workflows. Many
developers find that AI increases productivity and speeds up learning,
making them more effective and efficient in their work. Most
developers don’t fully trust the results that AI gives them and
choose to verify the accuracy of output instead of trusting outputs on
the first try. 

NON-CODE CONTRIBUTIONS ARE THE SECRET TO OPEN SOURCE SUCCESS (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.com/readme/featured/open-source-non-code-contributions]


Open source projects are more than just code. Non-technical aspects
are often just as important as the technical parts for an open-source
project to be successful. Documentation, support, branding, and
outreach help signal the health and seriousness of a project that
other projects or companies might leverage as dependencies. The
relationships and trust one builds from sustained community
involvement are important from a career standpoint. 

MICROSOFT AND OPENAI FORGE AWKWARD PARTNERSHIP AS TECH’S NEW POWER
COUPLE (6 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/1NGwV] 

Microsoft invested billions to get early access to the generative
artificial intelligence technology of a much smaller OpenAI. The
partnership is considered a smart move on Microsoft’s part. However,
the relationship has produced conflict and confusion behind the
scenes. For example, people within Microsoft have complained about
diminished spending on its in-house AI and that OpenAI doesn’t allow
most Microsoft employees access to the inner workings of its
technology. Also, Microsoft and OpenAI sales teams sometimes pitch to
the same customers. Despite these issues, Microsoft Chief Financial
Officer Amy Hood has called it a “great partnership” where both
sides benefit. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

2023 DEVELOPER SURVEY RESULTS ARE IN: THE LATEST TRENDS IN TECHNOLOGY
AND WORK FROM THE STACK OVERFLOW COMMUNITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/06/13/developer-survey-results-are-in/]


The results of Stack Overflow’s annual developer survey are in.
JavaScript is the most used programming language, but surprisingly,
three popular languages have increased their standing this year:
Python, Bash/Shell (all shells), and C. The baseline for salary growth
in 2023 was 10% over last year. 

HOW TO BUILD AND PUBLISH YOUR FIRST REACT NPM PACKAGE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/femi_dev/how-to-build-and-publish-your-first-react-npm-package-24o3]


Building and publishing your first NPM package makes for an exciting
project. Whether you want to create a reusable library, a command-line
tool, or any other piece of code that can be easily installed and
integrated into projects, this article will guide you through the
essential steps of building and publishing your first NPM package. 

A SELF-LEARNING, MODERN COMPUTER SCIENCE CURRICULUM (WEBSITE)
[https://functionalcs.github.io/curriculum/] 

This is a collection of modern resources on various undergrad level
computer science topics for anyone with an interest in theory. 

WHERE RESPECT IS DUE (4 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/aDYK2] 

This article contains an interview with Rich Siegel, the creator of
BBEdit, a HTML and text editor that is considered one of the most
beloved developer tools since its first release in 1992. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3e1cbd72-0a6c-11ee-912b-ab887d6f9ee9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686740460&t=1686741679&s=ed628199a6a831c4891031adaaa07c55cfe9d4c0cac1fc513f449833a70260e5].