# Articles TLDR Web Dev 16-10-2023

GitHub developed a custom search engine in the Rust programming
language tailored for code searches¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=48429ce6-6bfa-11ee-ae41-334d46e6aa3b&pt=campaign&t=1697454256&s=d1efccacbd1f9a0aaf382e7f8a780ea75a0153a110b169eb506fbe86447f3b47]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Appfire]
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_campaign=20231016]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-16

 REPORT: AGILE TODAY AND TOMORROW (SPONSOR)
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_campaign=20231016]


 This research report by Appfire
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_campaign=20231016]
looks at Agile practices across 450 medium to large enterprises
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_campaign=20231016]
‚Äî including the benefits, impacts, downfalls, and future prospects
of Agile transformation.
Has Agile delivered on it promise?

How does Agile impact KPIs and priorities in the real world?

What is the future of Agile implementation in modern organizations?

Discover the prevailing views on Agile right now
[https://appfire.com/agile-report?utm_source=tldr-ai&utm_campaign=20231016]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 HOW GITHUB INDEXES CODE FOR BLAZING FAST SEARCH & RETRIEVAL (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://scaleyourapp.com/system-design-github-code-search-engine/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 GitHub developed a custom search engine in the Rust programming
language tailored for code searches. The search engine offers unique
features like identifier-based searches, punctuation-aware searches,
substring matching, regular expressions, and wildcards, which are
distinct from typical text-based searches. This article delves into
the architecture of the search engine, providing insights into its
indexing, storage, and ingestion processes. Additionally, it offers a
list of five key takeaways related to system design, focusing on data
storage and modular system design principles. 

 MAKING GRID'S SPREADSHEET ENGINE 10% FASTER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexharri.com/blog/grid-engine-performance?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A spreadsheet engine that runs in the browser was optimized by
focusing on improving performance during cell recalculation. The
optimization effort focused on lazily computing information and
utilizing a shared evaluation context object. The change resulted in a
10% performance boost in performance tests. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 HOW TO BURNOUT A SOFTWARE ENGINEER, IN 3 EASY STEPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-to-burnout-a-software-engineer?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Burnout isn‚Äôt always caused by working long hours. Often, it‚Äôs
caused by deeper issues during engineering. This author tells two
stories about burning out in the same way at both a startup and a big
tech company. The burnout was caused by micromanagement, a lack of
trust in engineers, the introduction of unnecessary processes, not
shipping code to customers, and overpromising. The author describes
some takeaways for how software engineers can handle burnout
effectively. 

 WHY IS THE FRONTEND STACK SO COMPLICATED? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/why-is-the-frontend-stack-so-complicated?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The frontend stack is complicated because it has no universal import
system, layers of transpilation (like compiling TypeScript to
JavaScript), or expectations of a wide variety of hardware support,
has too many tools available, and often has issues with
‚Äúconfiguration hell.‚Äù 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 EMBEDDABLE: ANALYTICS SDK (SPONSOR)
[https://embeddable.com?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=mediapartner&utm_campaign=pb-followup]


 Embeddable is a next-gen toolkit for building bespoke customer-facing
analytics into your app. It allows you to create highly performant
charts and dashboards with 100% control, but in 10% of the time. 

 POSTGRES.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/porsager/postgres?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Postgres.js is a full-featured PostgreSQL client for Node, Deno, Bun,
and CloudFlare. It features a simple surface API, dynamic query
support, and detailed documentation. 

 OCEANBASE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/oceanbase/oceanbase?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 OceanBase is a distributed relational database that operates on a
shared server cluster. It ensures both high availability and linear
scalability by utilizing the Paxos protocol and its distributed
framework. OceanBase is hardware-agnostic. 

 COCKPIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Cockpit is an interactive web-based administration interface for
server management. It offers a user-friendly and lightweight way to
directly interact with an operating system from within a web browser
while using a real Linux session. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ANGULAR, QWIK CREATOR ON HOW JS FRAMEWORKS HANDLE REACTIVITY (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/angular-qwik-creator-on-how-js-frameworks-handle-reactivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The creator of Angular and Qwik emphasizes the importance of startup
performance in JavaScript frameworks and reactivity, which enables
dynamic and responsive applications. He discusses three ways
reactivity occurs: values, signals, and observables. He also
highlights the significance of startup performance as the next
battleground for JavaScript frameworks. 

 WHY WE DON‚ÄôT SHIP SOFTWARE AS FAST AS WE USED TO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/why-we-don-t-ship-software-as-fast-as-we-used-to?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Modern software development has gotten slower compared to the past.
However, this is because software complexity has increased due to
factors like higher screen resolutions, larger file sizes, and the
need to support multiple devices and hardware configurations. The
growth of the software ecosystem and the use of shared libraries have
made it challenging for developers to fully understand the entire
stack, further slowing down development. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WHY ASYNC RUST? (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://without.boats/blog/why-async-rust/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Async/await syntax in Rust was released to excitement, but has some
issues with adoption today. 

 BEING PICKY ABOUT A CSS RESET FOR FUN & PLEASURE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://chriscoyier.net/2023/10/03/being-picky-about-a-css-reset-for-fun-pleasure/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A CSS reset is a set of styles you load prior to your other styles to
remove browser built-in styles. You can customize them to your own
liking. 

 WHAT MAKES A 10X SOFTWARE ENGINEER? (REDDIT THREAD)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/SoftwareEngineering/comments/177txm6/what_makes_a_10x_software_engineer/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Commenters give tips about the traits of a 10x software engineer. 

 THE STATE OF HTTP CLIENTS, OR WHY YOU SHOULD USE HTTPX (47 MINUTE
READ)
[https://honeyryderchuck.gitlab.io/2023/10/15/state-of-ruby-http-clients-use-httpx.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Most Ruby HTTP clients are either broken, unmaintained, or stale.
Developers should use the httpx package. 

 THE UPHILL BATTLE OF MEMOIZATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tkdodo.eu/blog/the-uphill-battle-of-memoization?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 useMemo in React is too easy to break. It makes code harder to read
and it's easy to get wrong. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=48429ce6-6bfa-11ee-ae41-334d46e6aa3b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697454021&t=1697454256&s=8b12959c07a19d210a9d3846527531d3b2766e18d2e0fcdef80c470c64d891a9].