# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-04-2023

Meta AI has built DINOv2, a new method for training high-performance
computer vision models using self-supervision.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=21686840-ddbf-11ed-8711-050a371f9c90&pt=campaign&t=1681816053&s=23e27e5f5cbc4c26908ca2c485e07bde31e1dda465f1bc02ec130a55504d53cd]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [GrapeCity]
[https://www.grapecity.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230411]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-18

CUSTOM COMPONENTS FOR DEVS, DESIGNERS, AND ARCHITECTS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.grapecity.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230411] 

Web development should be about creativity, innovation, and
optimization - but devs spend most of their time revisiting solved
problems.
Get back to development with GrapeCity‚Äôs award-winning developer
tools including UI controls with powerful¬†JavaScript
[https://www.grapecity.com/wijmo/flexgrid-javascript-data-grid?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship]and
.NET grids
[https://www.grapecity.com/componentone/flexgrid-net-data-grid-control?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship],
reporting tools
[https://www.grapecity.com/activereports?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship],
spreadsheets components
[https://www.grapecity.com/spread?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship],
and advanced document APIs
[https://www.grapecity.com/documents-api?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship].

Designed around speed, flexibility, familiarity, and a minimal
footprint,¬†GrapeCity
[https://www.grapecity.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship]¬†provides
everything you need to build better apps today ‚Äî including
exceptional support and online resources.¬†

240,000 customers in 175 countries are building sleek,
high-performing, and feature-complete applications with GrapeCity. See
for yourself and empower your development today.
[https://www.grapecity.com/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=4-2023-sponsorship]

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DINOV2: STATE-OF-THE-ART COMPUTER VISION MODELS WITH SELF-SUPERVISED
LEARNING (WEBSITE) [https://dinov2.metademolab.com/] 

Meta AI has built DINOv2, a new method for training high-performance
computer vision models using self-supervision. DINOv2 delivers strong
performance and does not require fine-tuning, making it suitable for
use as a backbone for many different computer vision tasks. DINOv2 can
learn from any collection of images and also learn features, such as
depth estimation, that the current standard approach cannot. Meta has
released a demo and open-sourced the model on GitHub. 

KV.JS (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/HeyPuter/kv.js] 

KV.JS is a fast, in-memory data store written in pure JavaScript,
heavily inspired by Redis. It is capable of handling multiple data
types, including strings, lists, sets, sorted sets, hashes, and
geospatial indexes. 

KUBERNETES CHATGPT BOT (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/robusta-dev/kubernetes-chatgpt-bot] 

A ChatGPT bot for Kubernetes issues. Ask AI how to solve your
Prometheus alerts, get pithy responses. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

A FORTY-YEAR CAREER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/forty-year-career/] 

A career usually lasts 40 years, but that‚Äôs not always thought about
in Silicon Valley‚Äôs entrepreneurial culture. What does a career look
like if focused on growth and engagement, and if eras were measured
not in equity and IPOs but instead in decades? The author argues for
focusing on a small handful of things that build together, with each
making the others more impactful as they compound over time. These
things are pace, people, prestige, profit, and learning. 

SOME THOUGHTS ON OPENSSH VERSUS SSH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://utcc.utoronto.ca/~cks/space/blog/tech/OpenSSHVersusSSH] 

OpenSSH is the dominant SSH implementation, but not the only one.
While SSH is a protocol with multiple implementations, OpenSSH is the
main project moving the protocol forward with its extensions for
certificates. Other implementations still matter, as they are used in
important and relevant places, even if OpenSSH is the only one
evolving the protocol. 

HOW THE METAVERSE CAN TRANSFORM EDUCATION (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://nickclegg.medium.com/how-the-metaverse-can-transform-education-20ed9d355b5f]


Education hasn‚Äôt had a major reform for a long time. The metaverse
could bring the first major disruption to the industry. The article
explores four potential use cases for the metaverse in education, how
it can help level the education inequalities, and the blockers ahead,
from the President of Global Affairs at Meta. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

REACT CONTEXT: THE DETAILED GUIDE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://deadsimplechat.com/blog/react-context-tutorial/] 

Context can be used as an alternative to passing data using props.
This guide gives you all the information you need to understand what
React Context is and how you can implement it in your React code. 

WEB LLM RUNS THE VICUNA-7B LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL ENTIRELY IN YOUR
BROWSER, AND IT‚ÄôS VERY IMPRESSIVE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Apr/16/web-llm/] 

Web LLM has been a hit since its debut. It allows you to run LLMs
locally in your browser, instead of relying on an API. Simon Willison
tries it out with many examples in this blog and expresses his
thoughts on why Web LLM matters a lot. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE IN SHOCK AS SAMSUNG CONSIDERS MOVING TO BING AS DEFAULT SEARCH
ENGINE ON GALAXY PHONES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sammobile.com/news/samsung-galaxy-phones-tablets-bing-search-replace-google-default-search-engine/]


Samsung is looking to change its default search engine to Bing, mostly
for its AI features. This move puts Google in shock as Samsung phones
generate nearly $3 billion in revenue for Google by having it as the
default search engine. Click the link to learn more about the heated
AI-powered search engine war. 

REDPAJAMA, A PROJECT TO CREATE LEADING OPEN-SOURCE MODELS, STARTS BY
REPRODUCING LLAMA TRAINING DATASET OF OVER 1.2 TRILLION TOKENS (4
MINUTE READ) [https://www.together.xyz/blog/redpajama] 

Foundation models such as GPT-4 have driven rapid improvement in AI.
However, the most powerful models are closed commercial models or only
partially open. RedPajama is a project to create a set of leading,
fully open-source models. They have announced the completion of the
first step of this project: the reproduction of the LLaMA training
dataset of over 1.2 trillion tokens. 

OPENAI‚ÄôS CEO SAYS THE AGE OF GIANT AI MODELS IS ALREADY OVER (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/openai-ceo-sam-altman-the-age-of-giant-ai-models-is-already-over/]


Sam Altman says the research strategy that birthed ChatGPT is played
out and future strides in artificial intelligence will require new
ideas. Creating larger and larger models will no longer lead to large
increases in performance, but rather new architectures and better data
will. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW SLOW IS SELECT * ? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@hnasr/how-slow-is-select-8d4308ca1f0c] 

A technical dive into the not-so-obvious costs of using SELECT * 

OPEN SOURCE IS FUELING THE FUTURE OF NUCLEAR PHYSICS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/featured/nuclear-fusion-open-source] 

Nuclear physicists have formed an unlikely friendship with open source
software. 

3 WAYS TO SET HEADERS WITH ASTRO AND NETLIFY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/cassidoo/three-ways-to-set-headers-with-netlify-and-astro-1iib]


An overview of 3 effective ways to set headers with Astro and Netlify.


TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=21686840-ddbf-11ed-8711-050a371f9c90&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681815620&t=1681816053&s=3701633f93bf0461cf4077a161f84902204d4b883006dcd3d35539852b8709a3].


¬†