# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-05-2023

Datadog had a major outage on March 8th, 2023, which cost them $5M in
revenue.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c0753da2-f483-11ed-87ec-d9986085bbdf&pt=campaign&t=1684321771&s=3807cfc7db5cc64dcd420585e433a92ecdba3199c9eabcbe71656d94700c32ec]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-17

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

INSIDE DATADOG‚ÄôS $5M OUTAGE (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/inside-the-datadog-outage?r=2baarq&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web]


Datadog had a major outage on March 8th, 2023, which cost them $5M in
revenue. This article goes behind the scenes to see what went wrong,
how the engineering team responded, and what business can learn from
the incident. For example, Datadog‚Äôs infrastructure was running in 5
regions on 3 different cloud providers, yet it still went down for
over a day. Datadog also communicated somewhat inconsistently with
customers. Shortly after this article was released, Datadog officially
posted their public incident report, presumably as a response to this
article. 

THE SECRETS BEHIND HIGH PERFORMANCE WITH NODE.JS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://backend.cafe/the-secrets-behind-high-performance-with-nodejs]


Sometimes, a small change in the way you write code in Node.js can
drastically improve performance. An example is to use the new
Function() syntax, which can be 14x faster than native functions. The
article also looks at a few code snippets that may impress people at
code interviews, but actually turn out to be 4x slower than ugly, but
performant, snippets. 

10 COMMON MISTAKES IN ANGULAR DEVELOPMENT (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bitsrc.io/essential-tips-for-successful-angular-development-f92a9ea1d20f]


There are many common pitfalls to coding in Angular. This article
covers ten common mistakes and provides code examples on how to
prevent them. For example, Angular uses change detection to keep the
view in sync with the model. However, developers may inadvertently
create performance issues by not optimizing change detection
strategies, such as using the default ‚ÄúOnPush‚Äù strategy, which can
lead to unnecessary and expensive view updates. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO GIVE GOOD FEEDBACK FOR EFFECTIVE CODE REVIEWS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/code-review-tips/?ck_subscriber_id=1030949371&utm_source=convertkit&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Diversify+Tech+%23239%20-%2010786284]


Giving feedback on pull requests is one very crucial form of
communication that developers have to master. It can be hard to
effectively review code in a meaningful way that helps get the job
done. This article covers five effective techniques for giving quality
feedback in code reviews, such as linking to relevant docs rather than
just pointing out issues in code. 

MY 20 YEAR CAREER IS TECHNICAL DEBT OR DEPRECATED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.visionarycto.com/p/my-20-year-career-is-technical-debt] 

With enough time, most code becomes technical debt or deprecated. The
author, over his 20 year career, reflects on how many of the lines of
code, projects, and languages he‚Äôs worked on have either been
deprecated or rewritten. This is not necessarily a bad thing but the
reality of being a software engineer. 

HOW TO HELP ENGINEERS MAKE TIME FOR ON THE JOB TRAINING (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/learning-and-development/help-engineers-make-time-for-on-the-job-training]


It can be hard to make time for learning in addition to your day to
day responsibilities at work. Upskilling is incredibly important in
development, but it‚Äôs also incredibly difficult to make time for.
However, there are a few ways that teams can make developer upskilling
easier, such as taking on projects with lower familiarity so that
developers are provided an opportunity to learn new things. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CHATHUB (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/chathub-dev/chathub] 

ChatHub is an all-in-one chatbot client that allows you to use
different chatbots in one app. It supports ChatGPT, Bing Chat, Google
Bard, and Claude. It is full-featured with a shortcut to quickly
activate the app from anywhere in the browser, a prompt library for
custom and community prompts, dark mode, import/export options,
conversation sharing, and more. 

KNIP (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/webpro/knip] 

Knip finds unused files, dependencies and exports in your JavaScript
and TypeScript projects. Less code and dependencies lead to improved
performance, less maintenance and easier refactorings. Knip has good
defaults and you can run it without any configuration. 

BUN V0.6 (3 MINUTE READ) [https://bun.sh/blog/bun-v0.6.0] 

Bun is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime, built for speed, with a
native bundler, transpiler, test runner, and npm-compatible package
manager baked-in. Bun v0.6 is the biggest release of Bun yet. It has a
new JavaScript/TypeScript bundler and minifier, a new ability to
create standalone executables, and more. 

STOP MANUALLY FIXING CUSTOMER DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112]


OneSchema is a ready-made CSV importer
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112]
for developers ‚Äî which automatically corrects customer data.
Validate and transform files of up to 4GB in <1 second, customize
importer behavior, and launch fast with a library of prebuilt
validators.
‚ÄúWe implemented OneSchema in just one day
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112],
and what used to be a weakness in our UI is now one of our
strengths.‚Äù - Dominic Kwok, CTO, Heron Data. See how OneSchema
works.
[https://www.oneschema.co/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=64872112]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY AI CAN‚ÄôT DO HIRING (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://interviewing.io/blog/why-ai-cant-do-hiring] 

AI is really well-suited to automating a bunch of recruiting tasks
that humans do now. For instance, AI can take the pain out of tasks
like interview scheduling, composing first-draft sourcing emails,
tracking candidate progress through a funnel, and more. However, AI is
not effective for hiring because companies don‚Äôt have the data for
engineers that reliably predict whether someone is a good engineer
along with other factors. This also means that humans will continue to
be bad at hiring because humans also don‚Äôt have that data. As a
result, AI will help automate the mundane parts of hiring, but cannot
really replace the ‚Äúhuman‚Äù part of hiring. 

THE "THREE-HILLS" MODEL FOR EVALUATING GPT STARTUPS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://assistedeverything.substack.com/p/the-three-hills-model-for-evaluating]


You can classify GPT applications into 3 different levels of potential
success. Level I applications are useful, but will disappear shortly.
Level II will create mid-term value, but are probably not good or
sustainable business ideas. Level III can leverage the technology
while still providing a compelling business model and product. 

WHY YOU CAN‚ÄôT TRUST TWITTER‚ÄôS ENCRYPTED DMS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/platformer/p/why-you-cant-trust-twitters-encrypted?r=2bjtip]


Last week, Twitter launched the encrypted messages feature, but they
may not be as secure as they claim. For one, the messages are not
encrypted end-to-end, meaning they are subject to middleman attacks .
A related blog post critiques that Twitter merely had a modest
security improvement over the status quo, so users would still be
safer using Signal or WhatsApp. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

9 THINGS I LOVE ABOUT AWS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/9-things-i-love-about-aws/] 

Developers have their fair share of qualms when it comes to AWS. This
article covers one engineer's list of things the tool does well, such
AWS‚Äôs ‚Äúcustomer obsession‚Äù mindset. 

THIS BLOG IS HOSTED ON MY ANDROID PHONE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://androidblog.a.pinggy.io/] 

How to use Termux to turn your $180 Android phone into a web server
and use Pinggy to obtain a public URL to access the server. Spoiler:
it only takes 3 steps! 

BENCHMARKING LLM‚ÄôS PERFORMANCE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vccafe.com/2023/05/16/benchmarking-llms-performance] 

There are multiple LLM battles going on, including Microsoft vs Google
and open-source vs closed-source. The article shows how benchmark
tests for LLMs work and why AI startup investment in Q1 unexpectedly
dropped 66% from last year and declined 43% QoQ. 

GOOGLE'S .ZIP TOP LEVEL DOMAIN IS ALREADY USED IN PHISHING ATTACKS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ghacks.net/2023/05/15/googles-zip-top-level-domain-is-already-used-in-phishing-attacks/?amp]


Google released the top-level domain .zip to the public recently,
which means that interested organizations and users may register .zip
domains. The .zip extension allows cyber criminals to run phishing
campaigns that abuse the fact that .zip is a popular file extension
and also a top level domain. Domains such as officeupdate.zip or
microsoft-office.zip have already been used in phishing campaigns. 

PLANNING A PROJECT FROM SCRATCH: THE ULTIMATE GUIDE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/jimmymcbride/planning-a-project-from-scratch-the-ultimate-guide-for-success-4fna]


You can successfully build projects with the tried and true project
planning framework this article discusses. 

GOOGLE WILL SOON LET PIXEL PHONES DOUBLE AS DASHCAMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/05/16/pixel-dashcam-personal-safety-update/]


Soon, select Android devices like the Pixel can be used as a dashcam
for your car following an upcoming Personal Safety update. Nothing in
the uncovered feature‚Äôs text mentions Pixel exclusivity, so it
remains to be seen whether Dashcam will be available on other phones
with Google‚Äôs Personal Safety. If it is an exclusive, the next big
opportunity for Google to launch Pixel features would be next
month‚Äôs June Pixel Feature Drop. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c0753da2-f483-11ed-87ec-d9986085bbdf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684321237&t=1684321771&s=f50b98f6a82d955cde4743fb1e2ea6b8ec4410cb8b68c60ea74e28ac5ff2abb6].


¬†