# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-04-2023

Spotifys unique approach to enhancing team agility is a key part of
its success.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=0778061e-e4ce-11ed-83e9-f5ba675d89f7&pt=campaign&t=1682593644&s=7e60f48517a6dd679bec01bcc83abb16353d74a3684959b4f869a6639194f1b9]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-27

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

PAYMENTS 101 FOR A DEVELOPER (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/juspay/hyperswitch/wiki/Payments-101-for-a-Developer]


This article goes over the basics of online payments, implementation
details, terminology, and more. It‚Äôs designed to be a simple
introduction to the core concepts that a developer needs to understand
payments. 

FACTORS TO CONSIDER IN DATABASE SELECTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/bytebytego/p/factors-to-consider-in-database-selection]


There are a couple of critical factors to consider when selecting a
database, such as scalability, performance, data consistency, and data
model schema. This article compares how SQL, NoSQL, and time-series
databases differ in these factors and what questions you should ask
yourself for each of these axes. 

BREAKING THE MONOLITH: A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO CODE SPLITTING
TECHNIQUES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/breaking-the-monolith-a-comprehensive-guide-to-code-splitting-techniques]


Breaking down a monolith can seem daunting, but this article can help
make the process a little easier. It covers best practices and
potential pitfalls to avoid when code splitting in your applications. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHAT IS THE SPOTIFY MODEL IN AGILE? (6 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/what-is-the-spotify-model-agile/]


Spotify's unique approach to enhancing team agility is a key part of
its success. The company's Agile model, known as the "Spotify model,"
was first heard in 2012 and has since become wildly popular. This blog
explains how the Spotify Agile model works and gives a step-by-step
instruction on implementing it in your organization. 

WHY IS OAUTH STILL HARD IN 2023? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nango.dev/blog/why-is-oauth-still-hard] 

OAuth is a common need for most web applications, yet it is still
difficult to properly implement even today. This article lays out the
problems with modern OAuth in detail. 

CONTRACTS YOU SHOULD NEVER SIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/contracts-you-should-never-sign/] 

When it comes to software engineering and the IT industry in general,
contracts are a necessary part of doing business. In this article, the
author shares his experience with various contracts and legal
documents. He lists out types of contracts he recommends a developer
should not sign, such as an employee contract that contains any form
of a non-compete clause. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NANGO (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/nangoHQ/nango] 

Nango is a service that simplifies OAuth implementation by containing
everything you need to work with APIs that use OAuth. It contains a
full OAuth dance for 90+ APIs, a frontend SDK to trigger new OAuth
flows, a backend SDK and REST API to retrieve fresh access tokens for
your API calls, and lastly, a proxy to both authenticate and perform
authenticated requests to an API. 

PYTHAGORA (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/Pythagora-io/pythagora] 

Pythagora lets developers generate integration tests for their Node.js
apps by recording server activity without writing a single line of
code. 

TUQL (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/bradleyboy/tuql] 

Tuql is a simple tool that turns a formatted SQLite database into a
GraphQL endpoint. It tries to infer relationships between objects,
currently supporting belongsTo, hasMany and belongsToMany. It also
forms the basic mutations necessary to create, update, and delete
objects, as well as associate many-to-many relationships. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS NON-ACCESSIBILITY OF COOKIE NOTICES (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/04/potentially-dangerous-non-accessibility-cookie-notices/]


Cookies are part of the web now, but they come with potential web
accessibility law violations. This article discusses some cookie
banner error patterns that can massively hurt a page‚Äôs overall
conformance and explores what to look out for with this omnipresent
piece of the web interface. 

MISALIGNED INCENTIVES IN DEV TOOL BUSINESSES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://earthly.dev/blog/misaligned-incentives/] 

Developer tool businesses with misaligned incentives can lead to
software bloat and product degradation. Aligned incentives lead to
good outcomes, and everything else is a problem waiting to happen.
This article talks about the power of aligned incentives and how
thinking about them ahead of time can be valuable to a business‚Äôs
success. 

HOW OBSIDIAN IMPROVED MY ORGANIZATION AT WORK AND AT HOME (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.flavienbonvin.com/how-obsidian-improved-my-organization-at-work-and-home-first-month-review/amp/]


Obsidian is a note-taking app, known for its flexibility and
impressive file system. Many people use iit to organize their work
life and personal life. This article lays out the author‚Äôs methods
of organizing Obsidian in a useful way that improved their
organization in their work and home life. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MASTERING ERROR HANDLING IN JAVASCRIPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/accreditly/mastering-error-handling-in-javascript-3ice]


This article lists the best practices for four types of error handling
in JavaScript. 

MICROSOFT EDGE IS LEAKING THE SITES YOU VISIT TO BING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/4/25/23697532/microsoft-edge-browser-url-leak-bing-privacy]


Microsoft‚Äôs Edge browser appears to be sending URLs you visit to its
Bing API website. The recommendation is to disable Edge‚Äôs follow
creator feature until this privacy issue is fixed. 

EDGE COMPUTING VS CLOUD COMPUTING ‚Äî WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE? (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/nikkisiapno/status/1651105865859235841?s=46] 

This is a Twitter thread explaining the pros and cons between edge
computing and cloud computing. 

NEUTRALINOJS (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://neutralino.js.org/docs/] 

Neutralinojs is a lightweight and portable desktop application
development framework. It lets you develop lightweight cross-platform
desktop applications using JavaScript, HTML and CSS. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=0778061e-e4ce-11ed-83e9-f5ba675d89f7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682593219&t=1682593644&s=a59f860732dd3ea6afe8b402bd690a763a8262ded0233fdd748dd5dc9b6dbe9c].


¬†