# Articles TLDR Web Dev 04-10-2023

Amazon RDS (Relational Database Service) offers automated management,
backups, and scalability, but it comes at a higher cost¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8d7090be-628d-11ee-b5b8-6d42ec65a238&pt=campaign&t=1696417552&s=716b15ed1527183119113c1aa174749d32df4890b23c653441960dc4d5625e02]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Trigger.dev]
[https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-04

TRIGGER.DEV: OPEN SOURCE BACKGROUND JOBS FRAMEWORK FOR TYPESCRIPT
(SPONSOR) [https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1]

Trigger.dev
[https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1] is an open
source framework for creating long-running Jobs directly in your app
‚Äî with API Integrations, webhooks, scheduling, and delays. Use
Trigger to reliably run long Jobs
[https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1] that
wouldn‚Äôt normally work in serverless environments (like Vercel),
without worrying about timeouts.
Trigger¬†runs from your codebase
[https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1] so you can
version control, localhost, test, review, and deploy like you're
already used to. And it‚Äôs secure by design ‚Äî you choose which data
to send (or self-host). Start on the free plan (up to 5,000 Runs /
month) [https://trigger.dev/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=webdev1]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

RELATIONAL DATABASES ON AWS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/relational-databases-aws?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Amazon RDS (Relational Database Service) offers automated management,
backups, and scalability, but it comes at a higher cost. On the other
hand, self-hosted databases may be cheaper price-wise, but can end up
eating up more developer time. This article compares using RDS versus
self-hosting. 

WORKING ON MULTIPLE WEB PROJECTS WITH DOCKER COMPOSE AND TRAEFIK (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://georgek.github.io/blog/posts/multiple-web-projects-traefik/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Docker Compose can be used to manage local development environments
for web projects. However, when working on multiple web projects,
it‚Äôs common to run into port clashes. This article introduces a few
files that allow individual developers to customize development setups
without impacting configurations. It also introduces Traefik, a
reverse proxy tool, to simplify routing and access to different
projects. 

RESPONSIVE TYPE SCALES WITH COMPOSABLE CSS UTILITIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tobiasahlin.com/blog/responsive-fluid-css-type-scales/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

If you‚Äôve ever attempted to create a responsive type that seamlessly
adapts and scales between pre-determined sizes within a type scale
based on viewport or container widths, you may have wrestled with
JavaScript or wrangled with CSS calculators. Thankfully, it is
possible to create truly fluid type scales with composable and
responsive type utilities that let your type resize and adapt to the
viewport or container width. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BUN HYPE. HOW WE LEARNED NOTHING FROM YARN (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/thejaredwilcurt/bun-hype-how-we-learned-nothing-from-yarn-2n3j?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article is very critical and raises serious doubts about the
future of Bun. The author makes a parallel with Yarn - how it was very
hyped in the beginning but eventually npm caught up. The article dives
deep into how Bun actually compares with npm, looking into Bun macros,
APIs, and language support. 

WHY STAYING UPDATED WITH YOUR SOFTWARE STACK MATTERS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/why-staying-updated-with-your-software-stack-matters/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The advantages of using an up-to-date software stack may appear
self-evident: enhanced functionality, a more productive development
environment, the convenience of using the latest documentation, and
stronger security protocols. However, there are more implicit
advantages too, such as emphasizing a culture of innovation and
improving team motivation. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

JSON GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://www.jsongenerator.io/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Generate, modify, and visualize JSON data with ease. JSON Generator
also has templates for common JSON data items. 

TRIGGER.DEV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/triggerdotdev/trigger.dev?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Trigger.dev is an open source background jobs framework for
TypeScript. It has features like API integrations, webhooks,
scheduling, and delays. Furthermore, it‚Äôs able to handle
long-running jobs without function timeouts and with auto-resuming
features. 

LOCALPILOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/danielgross/localpilot?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

LocalPilot allows you to use GitHub Copilot on your Macbook locally
with one click. It‚Äôs powered by local LLMs like LLaMA 2. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LESSONS FROM BOOTSTRAPPED COMPANIES FOUNDED BY SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (22
MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/lessons-from-bootstrapped-companies?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bootstrapped companies are businesses that don‚Äôt take external
funding. Many of these companies fly under the radar. This article
focuses on five bootstrapped companies that started in various ways,
like as a side project, and grew over time. The key takeaways are that
bootstrapped companies usually grow slower, focus on simplicity, and
make pragmatic engineering choices. For engineers, they offer more
flexibility and stability during downturns compared to VC-funded
companies. 

HONEY, I SHRUNK THE NPM PACKAGE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://jamiemagee.co.uk/blog/honey-i-shrunk-the-npm-package/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

npm‚Äôs compression strategy currently relies on the gzip compression
algorithm. However, alternative compression algorithms, like Brotli
and ZStandard, could modernize npm and make it smaller in size. A
gradual transition plan may help overcome challenges in implementing
such algorithms in npm, such as supporting backwards compatibility. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PITFALLS OF DATABASE MIGRATIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/pitfalls-of-database-migrations?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Database migrations are difficult in practice. This article lists four
reasons why, such as the fact that schema state is hard to version
control. 

CHATGPT.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/KudoAI/chatgpt.js?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

ChatGPT.js is a powerful JavaScript library that allows for super easy
interaction with the ChatGPT DOM. 

HOW TO DETECT FAILED REQUESTS VIA WEB EXTENSIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidwalsh.name/browser-webrequest-onerroroccurred?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A simple code example of detecting failed requests using the
browser.webRequest extension API. 

STATE MANAGEMENT IN MICRO-FRONTEND ARCHITECTURES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kaushaldhakal40.medium.com/state-management-in-micro-frontend-architectures-23d6f827c918?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article breaks down monolithic frontends into smaller, manageable
pieces and uses diagrams to show how state management works in such
architectures. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8d7090be-628d-11ee-b5b8-6d42ec65a238&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696417218&t=1696417552&s=dfca5b36fd20751162bf8f3d1d2fbd5b98b3b7711ec173bf1017d4ee326ceecf].