# Articles TLDR Web Dev 22-09-2023

Many popular npm packages depend on 6-8x more packages than they need
to¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=390235f0-592d-11ee-84b0-9350577b6fcc&pt=campaign&t=1695380636&s=298930bd1b83bbc93435343439711f95cbc707a65b71bbe537d1a2589b35a7b5]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-22

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

SPEEDING UP THE JAVASCRIPT ECOSYSTEM - POLYFILLS GONE ROGUE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://marvinh.dev/blog/speeding-up-javascript-ecosystem-part-6/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Many popular npm packages depend on 6-8x more packages than they need
to. Most of these are unnecessary polyfills and it's one of the key
reasons node_modules folders are so large. The ESLint ecosystem seems
to be the most affected by this. This article dives into just how many
unneeded polyfills are in people‚Äôs npm packages and how they take up
so much space. 

HOW DO DATABASES EXECUTE EXPRESSIONS? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.eatonphil.com/2023-09-21-how-do-databases-execute-expressions.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Databases execute expressions in different ways. Most databases use a
tree-walking interpreter when receiving an expression, while some
others use stack- or register-based virtual machines. For example,
Postgres uses a virtual machine. This article explains expression
execution methods, such as just-in-time compilers and vectorized
interpretations. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW-TO EVALUATE A PRODUCT ROADMAP, FOR ENGINEERS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://stephen.fm/how-to-evaluate-a-product-roadmap/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Engineers should know how to evaluate a product roadmap because, after
all, they aren‚Äôt there just to write code. They need to solve
problems for the user, which means being able to understand how the
product is going to evolve over time. This article presents a list of
questions to evaluate a roadmap and provides advice on making one more
clear. 

XML IS BETTER THAN YAML. HEAR ME OUT‚Ä¶ (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://changelog.com/posts/xml-better-than-yaml?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This piece argues that XML is better than YAML because YAML is too
error-prone. The YAML specification has many features that go unused
and only make it harder to use properly. There are at least some cases
where XML is good to use, such as document outlines. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

SEAGOAT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kantord/SeaGOAT?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

SeaGOAT is a local search tool that leverages vector embeddings to
enable you to search your codebase semantically. It is written in
Python. 

FLOWERJS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jirotubuyaki/FlowerJS?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

FlowerJS is a JavaScript framework for flower shapes and motion
animations. It provides three types of flowers and easy-to-code motion
properties. FlowerJS also provides easy actions to change the number
of petals or flower color. 

LOOPS (WEBSITE) [https://loops.so/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Loops is email for modern SaaS. With Loops, you can track events and
contact properties. That information can be used to improve user
experience. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE WEBP 0DAY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.isosceles.com/the-webp-0day/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google released a new stable update for Chrome early last week. The
update included a single security fix that was reported by Apple's
Security Engineering and Architecture (SEAR) team. The issue,
CVE-2023-4863, involved a heap buffer overflow in the WebP image
library. The Google team acknowledged that an exploit for it still
exists. This post attempts to explain what is known about the unusual
circumstances of this bug. It provides a new technical analysis and
proof-of-concept trigger for CVE-2023-4863. 

CERN SWAPS OUT DATABASES TO FEED ITS PETABYTE-A-DAY HABIT (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/18/lhc_infrastructure_monitoring/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The particle accelerator at CERN spews out around a petabyte of data
daily. Monitoring the computing infrastructure that processes the data
is crucial. CERN implemented an open source wide column time series
database as backend storage for its monitoring database, Prometheus.
After a while, it used the same database for its frontend database
too. 

SOME WEBSITES ARE SEEING THEIR GOOGLE SEARCH RANKINGS DECIMATED. THEY
ARE BLAMING AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/google-search-helpful-content-update-results-drop-ai-generated-2023-9?amp?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A recent Google Search update that changed guidelines to permit
AI-generated content is causing anger across the web. Some site owners
say they are being pushed down in results with huge drops in traffic. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SNAKE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/donno2048/snake?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a snake game in assembly made for DOS. It is only 69 bytes in
size. 

GROUPING DIGITS IN SQL (4 MINUTE READ)
[http://peter.eisentraut.org/blog/2023/09/20/grouping-digits-in-sql?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A new feature in PostgreSQL 16 is the ability to group digits in
numeric literals by separating them with underscores. 

CISCO ACQUIRES SPLUNK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.splunk.com/en_us/blog/leadership/splunk-and-cisco-unite-to-accelerate-digital-resilience-as-one-of-the-leading-global-software-companies.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Cisco has acquired Splunk, a monitoring and analysis SaaS. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=390235f0-592d-11ee-84b0-9350577b6fcc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695380419&t=1695380636&s=ca035337bbf447a5f7ea39553e72e04352c8eb7500976fa214eb9a8700c86d10].