# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-10-2023

Adobe launched a web version of Photoshop built using web technologies
like WebAssembly, web components, and P3 colors¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=63999ee4-6cc8-11ee-9ee8-41ba8c750acf&pt=campaign&t=1697540612&s=d5c32b3a310bb75874c676e439d0c0fbb902d5109dabf38406cb83285a68549b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-17

 POSTMAN WORKSPACES: ORGANIZE YOUR API WORK AND COLLABORATE MORE
EFFECTIVELY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]


 Postman Workspaces gives teams shared access to the tools they need
to solve API problems together. They are the go-to place for
development teams to collaborate and move quickly while staying on the
same page.
‚úîÔ∏è¬†Automatically notify other team members about changes to APIs
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
as updates sync in real-time.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Create collaborative hubs for troubleshooting API calls
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
with a log of common steps to follow.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Set up manual or automated workflows
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
to support different stages of API development.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Enable faster onboarding
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
for internal and external partner developers.

Learn more about Workspaces
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 CSS FINDINGS FROM PHOTOSHOP WEB VERSION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://ishadeed.com/article/photoshop-web-css/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Adobe launched a web version of Photoshop built using web
technologies like WebAssembly, web components, and P3 colors. This
article dives into the CSS of the application. Notable findings
include the use of an old Photoshop logo in the browser console and
CSS techniques such as setting the element to `position: fixed` to
prevent scrolling. Flexbox and CSS grid are used throughout the app. 

 HOW WE OPTIMIZED PACKAGE IMPORTS IN NEXT.JS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/how-we-optimized-package-imports-in-next-js?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Next.js 13.5 has significant improvements to optimize package
imports. This has led to enhanced local development performance and
faster production cold starts. It introduces a new feature called
"optimizePackageImports" that automates the mapping of imports from
barrel files, addressing the challenges previously faced with the
"modularizeImports" approach. The performance enhancements observed
include faster local development, quicker production builds, and
speedier cold starts. 

 SHOULD YOU USE A LAMBDA MONOLITH, AKA LAMBDALITH, FOR YOUR API? (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://rehanvdm.com/blog/should-you-use-a-lambda-monolith-lambdalith-for-the-api?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article is a deep dive into the pros and cons of using a
monolith Lambda API function versus single-purpose Lambda functions
for API routes. A Lambda monolith results in fewer resources to be
provisioned, less cold starts, and applies the least privilege
permissions at the API level. However, single-purpose functions offer
advantages like optimized package sizes, precise IAM role scoping,
easier upgrades, and simplified maintenance. Overall, it‚Äôs
recommended to use a Lambda monolith if you are not using any advanced
features of AWS‚Äô REST API Gateway. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 GROW OR DIE: HOW TO KEEP INNOVATING IN YOUR CAREER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://strategizeyourcareer.substack.com/p/grow-or-die?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 It‚Äôs challenging to decide when to say ‚Äúyes‚Äù or ‚Äúno‚Äù to
opportunities in your career. It‚Äôs important to say yes to
opportunities that allow you to innovate and learn new things while
also avoiding burnout. There are multiple techniques to achieve this,
like using the ‚Äúexplore and exploit‚Äù principle, A/B testing daily
actions, and creating a system to manage the explore-exploit tradeoff
effectively. 

 HOW TO GET MORE INTERVIEWS, OFFERS, AND HIGHER COMPENSATION AT TOP
TECH COMPANIES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/how-to-get-more-interviews-offers?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 To get more interviews, it‚Äôs helpful to have referrals and be
direct when reaching out to people in your network. To improve your
resume, you can address issues like formatting, bullet points, and
application volume. Lastly, to excel in interviews and negotiate well,
it‚Äôs important to use the first five minutes of an interview well
and not divulge information prematurely. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 INSANELY FAST WHISPER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Vaibhavs10/insanely-fast-whisper] 

 Insanely Fast Whisper uses OpenAI‚Äôs Whisper Large v2 to transcribe
5 hours of audio in less than 10 minutes. The repository provides a
pipeline with features like chunked processing, batch size, and return
timestamps for precision. 

 SSH AUDIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jtesta/ssh-audit?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 SSH Audit is a tool for SSH server & client configuration auditing.
It features SSH1 and SSH2 protocol server support, historical
information from OpenSSH, and a variety of outputs from algorithms. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY AREN'T THERE MORE 80% JOBS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://evertpot.com/on-80-percent-jobs/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 ‚Äú80% jobs‚Äù have employees work four days a week instead of five.
The benefits of 80% jobs include increased employee satisfaction,
reduced burnout, lower attrition, and the opportunity to leverage the
combined experience of more employees. Offering 80% jobs should be
presented as a choice to employees and could be a valuable option for
companies. 

 ESTIMATES ARE ABOUT TIME, SO LET'S CUT TO THE CHASE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/estimate-in-time/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Estimating tasks in software development is difficult. However,
it‚Äôs still important to estimate in time rather than abstract
points. Estimating in time helps provide a clearer understanding of
timelines and costs for both internal and external stakeholders, as
well as encouraging deeper task analysis. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 REACT ECOSYSTEM IN 2024 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/avinashvagh/react-ecosystem-in-2024-418k?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A comprehensive overview of the React ecosystem, from routing to dev
tools. 

 ONE EASY WAY TO OPTIMIZE REACT RE-RENDERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@younusraza909/one-easy-way-to-optimize-react-re-renders-abcb67d0252c?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article teaches the concept of reconciliation in React. 

 BETTER HTTP SERVER ROUTING IN GO 1.22 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://eli.thegreenplace.net/2023/better-http-server-routing-in-go-122/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Go 1.22 will have enhanced pattern-matching capabilities within the
default HTTP serving multiplexer in the net/http package. 

 ORGANIZING MULTIPLE GIT IDENTITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://garrit.xyz/posts/2023-10-13-organizing-multiple-git-identities?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Conditional inclusion of Git configuration files can be used to
manage multiple Git identities. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=63999ee4-6cc8-11ee-9ee8-41ba8c750acf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697540421&t=1697540612&s=e7bf73cf2b0ae303d63ec0ffd709ad8612172d90c19f7eb2ae3ef27bd6b42344].