# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-06-2023

Google Domains, the third most popular domain registrar, is shutting
down and selling its customer accounts to Squarespace.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=654f56c6-13f8-11ee-8de1-d9599fabff98&pt=campaign&t=1687777540&s=dcc5f0f4358de2ee8b5cb7ccd1d6843546f6dead8f95ca2af248282e29150525]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-26

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

UNEXPECTED DOWNSIDES OF UUID KEYS IN POSTGRESQL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cybertec-postgresql.com/en/unexpected-downsides-of-uuid-keys-in-postgresql/]

UUIDs are commonly used as keys in PostgreSQL databases. However,
UUID‚Äôs come with their own downsides. The most important of these
downsides is a loss of temporal locality. The trouble with picking
random values is that they lose any correlation between the order of
inserts and the order of IDs. This can lead to a loss of performance. 

ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES IN REACT NATIVE: THE RIGHT WAY! (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://elazizi.com/posts/environment-variables-in-react-native-the-right-way/]

Managing environment variables in React Native is crucial for any
project; it can be sometimes tricky and challenging. With all the
options available out there, people tend to get lost and have a lot of
questions. This article defines the best method for managing
environment variables and outlines why it‚Äôs the right way and how
you can replicate it in your own React Native applications. 

HOW PLATFORM ENGINEERING WORKS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://chadxz.dev/platform/]

Platform engineering brings velocity, stability, and a product mindset
to engineering. Platform engineers support the software delivery
velocity and system stability of engineering organizations. This
article breaks down some lessons that are not only useful for platform
engineers, but for all software engineers, such as focusing on outcome
over output. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO DO THE THING YOU'VE BEEN AVOIDING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://jasonfeifer.beehiiv.com/p/the-thing-that-seems-like-a-bad-idea-maybe-try-it]

Most people have something that they are thinking about doing, but
they aren‚Äôt - maybe because they think it‚Äôs a bad idea. Many
people do or avoid things because they assume other people think the
same. However, it‚Äôs worth asking yourself some simple questions in
order to analyze an idea to see if it really is that bad. Usually,
it‚Äôs more worth it to try that new idea you have and fail than not
try at all. 

ASK HN: WHAT ARE SOME EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES FOR MORE SENIOR ENGINEERS?
(HACKER NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36438477]

This Hacker News thread gives valuable advice for people who are in
the middle of their careers and want to continue learning and growing.
A lot of content and advice out there today is for junior engineers
early in their career, while advice for higher levels is more sparse.
Some pieces of advice given here are to focus on superb documentation
and communication and to read more in-depth technical books. 

NAVIGATING JOB INTERVIEWS: HOW TO ENGAGE A DISINTERESTED INTERVIEWER
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/navigating-job-interviews-how-engage-disinterested-andrew-seaman/]

Facing an uninterested or confrontational interviewer can be one of
the most challenging obstacles that you'll face during the hiring
process. While there's no singular way to approach or address this
situation, there are a number of options you can take under
consideration during and after the interview. For example, you can
engage the interview with stories, ask them about their successes,
reframe the experience, and even address the issue directly. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ANIME.JS (WEBSITE) [https://animejs.com/]

Anime.js is a lightweight JavaScript animation library with a simple,
yet powerful API. It works with CSS properties, SVG, DOM attributes,
and JavaScript Objects. 

MAILPIT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/axllent/mailpit]

Mailpit is a multi-platform email testing tool & API for developers.
It acts as both an SMTP server and as a web interface to view all
captured emails. Mailpit offers many features, such as message
tagging, advanced mail search, a REST API, and configurable email
storage. 

AI.JSX (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/fixie-ai/ai-jsx]

AI.JSX is a framework for building AI applications using Javascript
and JSX. While AI.JSX is not React, it's designed to look and feel
very similar, while also integrating seamlessly with React-based
projects. With AI.JSX, you don't just use JSX to describe what your UI
should look like, you also use it to describe how Large Language
Models, such as ChatGPT, should integrate into the rest of your
application. The end result is a powerful combination where
intelligence can be deeply embedded into the application stack. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE DOMAINS TO SHUT DOWN (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/google-domains-to-shut-down]

Google Domains, the third most popular domain registrar, is shutting
down and selling its customer accounts to Squarespace. This move has
raised concerns about the sale of personal information, seemingly
contradicting Google's policy of not selling such data to third
parties. The company's silence on the matter has allowed competitors
to capitalize on the situation and has raised questions about the
future of other Google services. 

YOU CAN‚ÄôT TRUST GOOGLE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/you-can-t-trust-google-f7d64064]

Google is likely to discontinue any service that it cannot directly
monetize with ads at a large scale. Its primary business is
advertising, not products or services, and this is reflected in their
poor customer service. The recent discontinuation of Google Domains
and the neglect of Google Home/Nest are examples of this. Users of
Google's products and services are warned to always have a backup
plan, as any Google offering could be discontinued without much
notice. 

SIX MORE COMPANIES COMPETING WITH OPENAI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/aisupremacy/p/six-more-companies-competing-with]

This article introduces six AI companies that are competing with
OpenAI: Adept AI, Inflection AI, Runway, Aleph Alpha, AI21 Labs, and
Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence (BAAI). These companies are
developing innovative AI technologies, ranging from AI assistants and
creative tools to large language models and AI platforms. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE GETTING STARTED WITH AI STACK FOR JAVASCRIPT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/06/21/the-getting-started-with-ai-stack-for-javascript/]

a16z explains their JavaScript stack for getting started with AI. 

DOM VS VIRTUAL DOM: HOW REACT IS REVOLUTIONIZING WEB DEVELOPMENT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/roktim32/dom-vs-virtual-dom-how-react-is-revolutionizing-web-development-2g6g]

Refresher of how React's Virtual DOM works and why it is performant. 

THOUGHTS ON SVELTE(KIT), ONE YEAR AND 3 BILLION REQUESTS LATER (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://claudioholanda.ch/en/blog/svelte-kit-after-3-billion-requests/]

An engineer works with Svelte and SvelteKit for a whole year in
production and breaks down the good, the bad, and the ugly. 

OPEN-SOURCE RESUME BUILDER AND PARSER (WEBSITE)
[https://www.open-resume.com/]

An open-source resume builder and parser for job seekers. 

MAKING SENSE OF THE EU‚ÄôS FIGHT FOR USER-REPLACEABLE SMARTPHONE
BATTERIES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/24/23771064/european-union-battery-regulation-ecodesign-user-replacable-batteries]

The European Parliament recently voted on regulation that would, among
other things, require smartphone manufacturers to make their
device‚Äôs batteries more easily user-replaceable. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=654f56c6-13f8-11ee-8de1-d9599fabff98&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687777262&t=1687777540&s=e4be18de390d7aecd1ec2864d2f985c8bd423bf1615bda32264d96f88c65126b].