# Articles TLDR Web Dev 11-10-2023

Airbnb used to be a Ruby on Rails monolith but it migrated away due to
scaling issues.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=dad23c6e-680e-11ee-94a4-3f9091bc5383&pt=campaign&t=1697022471&s=77f5270e5c6f933b4b1dcfebbdfb2c7bdd0464b3ef4c1955716d1aeb5b1f29b7]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FusionAuth]
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-11

FUSIONAUTH‚ÄôS SOC 2 ADVENTURE + A DOWNLOADABLE SELECTION MATRIX FOR
SOC 2 VENDORS (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2]

FusionAuth re-evaluates its SOC 2 vendor annually
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2]
‚Äî yep, that‚Äôs every single year ‚Äî which gives them a unique (and
unbiased!) perspective into the myriad vendors in the compliance
automation space.
As part of their analysis, they built a decision matrix
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2]
listing the main features and integrations that they asked each vendor
about. They are now sharing their learnings with the world
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2]
in blog and Google Sheets form.

Find out which vendor they chose this year, and get your copy of the
full decision matrix, on the FusionAuth blog
[https://fusionauth.io/blog/soc2-matrix?utm_medium=newsletter&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_campaign=soc2].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW AIRBNB SCALED BY MOVING AWAY FROM A MONOLITH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-airbnb-scaled-by-moving-away?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Airbnb used to be a Ruby on Rails monolith but it migrated away due to
scaling issues. In doing so, it learned four key lessons: invest in
shared infrastructure early, simplify service dependencies, centralize
data hydration (fetching and transformation), and separate UI logic
from the backend logic. This article breaks down what Airbnb did to
achieve each point and compares Airbnb‚Äôs decisions with those of
other large tech companies, like Google, Uber, and DoorDash. 

5 BEST PRACTICES FOR AVOIDING CHAOS IN TAILWIND CSS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/5-best-practices-for-preventing-chaos-in-tailwind-css?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Tailwind CSS is a powerful CSS framework for building web
applications, but it can be easy to run into code clarity issues as
your application grows. To keep things organized, it‚Äôs recommended
to have a design system in place and adopt a component-based
architecture. Furthermore, developers should reduce the number of
utility classes, group and name design tokens semantically, maintain
consistent class ordering, minimize bundle size, and define predefined
variants for components to prevent inconsistencies when overriding
styles. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

GOING FROM DEVELOPER TO CEO (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/chronosphere/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Martin Mao, the CEO of Chronosphere, details his journey from being a
developer to CEO. He discusses his experiences as a software engineer
at Microsoft, Amazon, and Uber. Mao also details the transition to
becoming a CEO and offers insights into his experiences and strategies
in the business world. 

THE TOP 7 SOFTWARE ENGINEERING WORKFLOW TIPS I WISH I KNEW EARLIER (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/the-top-7-software-engineering-workflow?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

An hour of efficiency gained per day can save one month per year. This
article provides tips on how to optimize your software engineering
workflow. The tips include optimizing everyday tasks, making aliases
and autocompletions for commands, and using tools to help remember
things. 

A STUDENT ASKED HOW I KEEP US INNOVATIVE. I DON'T. (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/forefront-of-innovation/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

It‚Äôs important to not always be on the cutting edge of technology
for the sake of it. Using proven technologies has many advantages,
like reliability and support. Innovative technology should only be
used when it fundamentally improves the chances of solving a specific
problem. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CSV IMPORT - IT‚ÄôS TRICKY (SPONSOR)
[https://flatfile.com/6-considerations-for-csv-import-solutions/?utm_camid=fL1TF1l5c1M-01358453&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-media&utm_campaign=tldr-paid-media-tldr-web-dev-newsletter_q3-oct&utm_content=content&utm_term=developer-oct]

Users expect CSV import to just work, but building an importer isn‚Äôt
always easy. Flatfile surveyed developers
[https://flatfile.com/6-considerations-for-csv-import-solutions/?utm_camid=fL1TF1l5c1M-01358453&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-media&utm_campaign=tldr-paid-media-tldr-web-dev-newsletter_q3-oct&utm_content=content&utm_term=developer-oct]
to rank the effort required in order to build essential CSV import
features such as parsing, validation, transformation, data I/O,
performance, and security.
Get the report from Flatfile: üìó¬†Top 6 considerations for CSV
import solutions
[https://flatfile.com/6-considerations-for-csv-import-solutions/?utm_camid=fL1TF1l5c1M-01358453&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-media&utm_campaign=tldr-paid-media-tldr-web-dev-newsletter_q3-oct&utm_content=content&utm_term=developer-oct]

OPENAPI STACK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openapistack/docs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The OpenAPI Stack is a collection of open source libraries and tools
for full stack software development using OpenAPI specification with
an API Design First philosophy. It unlocks a great developer
experience and full stack type safety for software teams using REST. 

CONTOUR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/contour-terminal/contour?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Contour is a fast virtual terminal emulator for everyday use. It‚Äôs
built with C++ and available on all major platforms. Contour comes
with a host of features, such as color schemes, profiles, key
bindings, font styles, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

RESEARCH: QUANTIFYING GITHUB COPILOT‚ÄôS IMPACT ON CODE QUALITY (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-10-10-research-quantifying-github-copilots-impact-on-code-quality/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Developers using GitHub Copilot Chat experienced better code quality,
with 85% of participants in a study reporting increased confidence in
their code. Code reviews were also more efficient, taking 15% less
time with GitHub Copilot Chat. The tool helped developers maintain a
state of flow and enjoy coding more, with 88% of participants feeling
less frustrated. 

BALANCING SPEED WITH PRECISION IN STARTUPS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/balancing-speed-with-precision/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

It‚Äôs a challenge to balance speed and precision in startups before
they‚Äôve reached product-market fit (PMF). Pre-PMF startups should
move fast to try to gain real-world feedback as fast as possible. At
the same time, they should make sure to learn from failures. Software
engineers working in a pre-PMF startup can expect to wear lots of hats
and do more than just write code. They will have to understand the
customer and conduct minimum viable tests. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW NETFLIX REALLY USES JAVA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoq.com/news/2023/10/java-at-netflix-bakker/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A quick overview of how Netflix services use Java. 

GOOGLE CLOUD MITIGATED LARGEST DDOS ATTACK, PEAKING ABOVE 398 MILLION
RPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/identity-security/google-cloud-mitigated-largest-ddos-attack-peaking-above-398-million-rps/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google Cloud stopped the largest DDoS attack ever. It used a novel
technique called HTTP/2 Rapid Reset, which is based on stream
multiplexing. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO REACT NOTIFICATION LIBRARIES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://ably.com/blog/react-notification-libraries?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

An overview of notification types (snack bar, toast, alerts, and
modals) and the top libraries for each type. It comes with a
comparison table of the performance, size, customizability, and
accessibility of each library to help you find the right notification
framework for your project. 

ANTICIPATE THE CHEAP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.matt-rickard.com/p/anticipate-the-cheap?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Today, companies like Microsoft are selling GitHub Copilot ($10/month)
at a loss. However, the costs of LLM inference will go down over time,
making LLMs (and AI coding tools) cheaper, more widespread, and
increasingly useful. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://priyam.co/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=dad23c6e-680e-11ee-94a4-3f9091bc5383&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697022024&t=1697022471&s=7bd91171cf2699b9be828953c0e798df396ff493894577c16855ef78eccd8363].