# Articles TLDR Web Dev 06-06-2023

Apple unveiled many exciting software and hardware developments in the
Apple ecosystem at its WWDC event.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c4b108e0-0439-11ee-b69d-d76a71586893&pt=campaign&t=1686049878&s=0a98a47ffa192e5b67dfac0f392554e0eabe7a6b0915883bc3d41d24d84a2a85]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-06

TURN EVERY ENGINEER INTO A SUPERHERO (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

Make lightning-fast incident response your team's superpower.
FireHydrant [https://firehydrant.com/] helps you easily assign roles
and tasks to responders, pull service owners into the fold, and keep
everyone informed along the way.
With FireHydrant, you can:

	*
Kickoff and manage incidents without leaving Slack

	*
Instantly assemble the right people and information

	*
Eliminate guesswork for responders

	*
Streamline internal and external communications

	*
Auto-capture incident data for more efficient retros

See how companies like Spotify, 1Password and Snyk drive reliability -
get started at firehydrant.com/tldr [http://firehydrant.com/tldr] or
watch our 4 minute demo [https://firehydrant.com/4min-demo/].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE EVOLUTION OF REACT APIS AND CODE REUSE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://frontendmastery.com/posts/the-evolution-of-react-patterns/]

React changed how we think about building UIs. As it continues
evolving, it‚Äôs changing how we think about building applications.
This article explores the evolution of React and the various code
reuse patterns that have emerged. It digs into the underlying mental
models that shaped them and the tradeoffs that came with them.
Finally, it looks into where React is going in the future and what it
might entail for web development moving forward. 

HOW PHOTOSHOP SOLVED WORKING WITH FILES LARGER THAN CAN FIT INTO
MEMORY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/blog/how-photoshop-solved-working-with-files-larger-than-can-fit-into-memory/]

In 2021, Adobe, together with Chrome engineering, brought a version of
Photoshop to the web. However, the files edited in Photoshop often
require more memory than a user has available on their device, due to
the many features offered by the software, the types of digital design
and editing it is used for, and the capabilities of user devices. This
article looks at how Adobe Photoshop engineering solved working with
files larger than can fit into memory and how Photoshop works with
files larger than the 32-bit address space of wasm32. 

RUNNING PROMISES IN PARALLEL: A VISUAL GUIDE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://julesblom.com/writing/running-promises-in-parallel]

Promises are everywhere in modern JavaScript. They‚Äôre essential for
keeping interactions fluid, making UIs snappy, and creating readable
code. This article takes a deep dive into promises and how they work
through visual illustrations. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BEING BLOCKED SUCKS. HERE'S WHAT TO DO WHEN IT HAPPENS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/being-blocked-sucks-heres-what-to]

Knowing how to handle being blocked by another person or team
effectively can potentially 2-5x your output. This article looks into
what being blocked looks like, how to unblock yourself, and what to do
if you can‚Äôt unblock yourself. There are various ways to get
unblocked, such as finding an intermediary solution. 

ON SOFTWARE DEPENDENCY ENGINEERING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackmd.io/@cflewis/Sk0gb9ILh]

Most software has dependencies that are not created by the writers of
that piece of software. While open source dependencies that your
software relies on is code that you did not write, it is code that you
have a localized responsibility for. This article dives into what
dependency management is, dependency responsibility, and the need for
software dependency engineers who are responsible for managing a
project‚Äôs dependency graph. 

CAREER SURVIVAL GUIDE FOR THOSE WHO HATE NETWORKING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/ruthgotian/2023/05/29/career-survival-guide-for-those-who-hate-networking/?sh=630654b83269]

Networking can be both stressful and time-consuming. However,
networking can be a useful boost to one‚Äôs career and having a
well-connected network can lead to better career opportunities. This
article provides some tips to network better, such as seeking quality
over quantity and leveraging existing relationships to meet more
people. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ELECTRON 25.0.0 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://electronjs.org/blog/electron-25-0]

Electron v25 has been released. It includes upgrades to Chromium 114,
V8 11.4, and Node.js 18.15.0. Electron is a framework to build
cross-platform desktop applications using web technologies like React,
Next.js, and Angular. Many world-class apps are built with Electron,
like Figma, Microsoft Teams, 1Password, VSCode, Postman, Slack,
Notion, and more. 

CHAINLIT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Chainlit/chainlit]

Chainlit lets you create ChatGPT-like UIs on top of any Python code in
minutes. Some of the key features include intermediary steps
visualization, element management & display (images, text, carousel,
etc.) as well as cloud deployment. It also has a plug-and-play
integration with LangChain. 

OVERLAYSCROLLBARS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/KingSora/OverlayScrollbars]

OverlayScrollbars is a JavaScript scrollbar plugin that hides native
scrollbars and provides custom styleable overlay scrollbars while
keeping native functionality and feeling. It features a simple API,
high browser compatibility, high device and input compatibility,
TypeScript support, and more. 

FERN¬†- THE FUTURE OF API DEVELOPMENT (GITHUB REPO SPONSOR)
[https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

Fern¬†is an open source format for defining REST APIs.¬†You can think
of it like a programming language to describe your API - your
endpoints, types, errors, and examples.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile¬†already
use¬†Fern¬†to develop their APIs and generate their¬†SDKs,¬†check us
out on GitHub [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INTRODUCING APPLE VISION PRO: APPLE‚ÄôS FIRST SPATIAL COMPUTER (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2023/06/introducing-apple-vision-pro/]

Apple's Vision Pro augmented reality headset, unveiled at the annual
WWDC keynote, boasts impressive hardware and software capabilities
with a price tag of $3,499. It has advanced features such as two
micro-OLED screens providing true 4K resolution, LIDAR space sensing,
and dual onboard custom processors. It runs on visionOS and allows
users to interact with digital content in a way that feels like it is
physically present in their space. 

APPLE WWDC 10 BIGGEST ANNOUNCEMENTS: VISION PRO, MACBOOK AIR, IOS 17,
AND MORE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23749243/apple-wwdc-2023-biggest-announcements-vision-pro-macbook-air-15-inch-ios-17]

Apple unveiled many exciting software and hardware developments in the
Apple ecosystem at its WWDC event. They announced a 15-inch Macbook
Air, new features in iOS 17, desktop widgets for macOS, FaceTime for
Apple TV, a new journaling app, and more. 

FROM IDEA TO DESIGN FOR NON-DESIGNERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/abbeyperini/from-idea-to-design-for-non-designers-m6d]

As web developers, we often have to get our hands dirty with design
when we build websites. As a non-designer, it can be difficult to make
design choices that are visually pleasing, cohesive, and accessible.
This article breaks down fundamental design concepts that can help
anyone build better websites. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

I WORE THE APPLE VISION PRO. IT‚ÄôS THE BEST HEADSET DEMO EVER. (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/6/5/23750003/apple-vision-pro-hands-on-the-best-headset-demo-ever]

The editor-in-chief of the Verge, Nilay Patel, reviews the Apple
Vision Pro after getting to demo it. He notes how light the device is
and how well it is designed. He is superbly impressed by the mixed
reality capabilities of the device with amazing eye tracking and
gesture control. However, he is still not sure the purpose of the
Vision Pro and how it fits into someone‚Äôs daily life like the
iPhone, Macbook, Airpods, and Apple Watch do. 

REDUCE LATENCY AND INCREASE CACHE HITS WITH REGIONAL TIERED CACHE (5
MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-regional-tiered-cache/]

Tier cache allows users to organize Cloudflare data centers into
tiers, where only high tiers can request content from origin servers,
and send content to lower tier servers closer to customers. Cloudflare
adds a regional tier in between low and high tiers so low tiers can
request content from regional tier before high tiers. This reduces the
number of requests to high tiers, resulting in lower origin load and
overall latency. Overall there's an average of 50-100ms improvement in
tail cache hits using regional cache tiers. 

SANDSTORM (WEBSITE) [https://sandstorm.io/]

Sandstorm is an open source platform for self-hosting web apps. 

SHARING WEBSOCKET CONNECTIONS BETWEEN BROWSER TABS AND WINDOWS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://brightinventions.pl/blog/sharing-websocket-connections-between-browser-tabs-and-windows/]

Sharing websockets across tabs and windows of your website can be
tricky, but it can be done with shared workers. 

PROCESSING ARRAYS NON-DESTRUCTIVELY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://2ality.com/2022/05/processing-arrays-non-destructively.html]

This article discusses three ways to process arrays and offers a
deeper look into how these functions work. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c4b108e0-0439-11ee-b69d-d76a71586893&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686049227&t=1686049878&s=8cd576682875eaa5d51d1bee9a879d41c2201f561ab0f9537a0a48fb4dcf6739].