# Articles TLDR Web Dev 11-05-2023

Google is launching a new AI-powered coding bot for Android
developers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=77485144-efd0-11ed-a675-2378e11482ae&pt=campaign&t=1683803306&s=604765ff9d94738e12ee309e16a9828958d04367ee97291f54968f7a574bf2b0]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-11

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

EXTENDING WEB APPLICATIONS WITH WEBASSEMBLY AND PYTHON (10 MINUTE
READ) [https://wasmlabs.dev/articles/wasm-host-to-python/] 

This article discusses how Python programs can be run within an
application that uses a WebAssembly runtime, allowing for
bi-directional communication between the two. WebAssembly is a
sandboxed environment for extending applications, allowing for secure
and portable code to run within the same process as the main
application. Python can be interpreted by a WebAssembly module, and
this article presents a sample application that guides developers on
how to implement bindings for bi-directional communication between the
WebAssembly host and the Python code. 

GROK REACT SERVER COMPONENT THROUGH QUIZZES (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://betterprogramming.pub/grok-react-server-component-by-quizzes-df4417905bc4]


Dan Abramov, the creator of Create-React-App, recently shared three
quizzes on Next.js. The article delves deeper into how React Server
Components operate. It also covers various topics such as the
difference between server and client components, the lifecycle of view
updates, and more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BET ON GROWTH (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tidyfirst.substack.com/p/bet-on-growth] 

When it comes to changes in the tech industry, the best way to
navigate them is to bet on growth. When something suddenly starts
getting good, the question is not, ‚ÄúHow good is it?‚Äù Rather, the
valuable question to ask is, ‚ÄúHow long will it improve?‚Äù A growth
mindset can change how you see the future of tech and can help you
navigate your career in a smart manner. 

THE ONGOING DEFENSE OF FRONTEND AS A FULL TIME JOB (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://christianheilmann.com/2023/05/09/the-ongoing-defence-of-frontend-as-a-full-time-job/]


There are many people who question developers who choose to solely
focus on frontend development. This article discusses the complexities
of frontend development and explains the value of having frontend
experts. 

TOP 10 THINGS YOU SHOULD AVOID WHILE CODING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/dhruvjoshi9/top-10-things-you-should-avoid-while-coding-valuable-tips-for-programmers-1fj3]


There are many pitfalls when it comes to coding that can slow down
development and make coding more tedious. This article outlines 10
simple but effective changes you can make to improve your development
experience. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DART 3 (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/dartlang/announcing-dart-3-53f065a10635] 

Dart 3 was announced today and it‚Äôs the largest Dart release to
date. Dart is used widely for developing cross-platform mobile and web
applications in Flutter. New features in Dart 3 include 100% sound
null safety, new language features like new data structures, more
native interoperability, compilation to WebAssembly, and more. 

REACT-LIFECYCLE-VISUALIZER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Oblosys/react-lifecycle-visualizer] 

React-Lifecycle-Visualizer is a real-time visualizer for React
lifecycle methods.To trace a component, devs just have to apply the
higher-order component `traceLifecycle` to it, and all its
lifecycle-method calls will show up in a replayable log component.
This is useful for debugging complex React applications. 

MINEO.APP (WEBSITE) [https://www.mineo.app/] 

Mineo is a collaborative platform to explore data and build data apps
based on Python supercharged notebooks. It allows data scientists and
developers to automate and streamline workflows with Python-based data
pipelines that leverage the power of notebooks. 

QA WOLF RAISED $20 MILLION TO MAKE YOUR WEB APP BUG-FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05032023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

Nobody likes buggy web apps. but in-house QA takes years to scale. QA
Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05032023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
has emerged from stealth with $20M in funding and a solution to get
you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in weeks.
Learn why customers and investors (including Peter Thiel) trust QA
Wolf: Read customer stories
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05032023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
or request a 90-day pilot
[https://www.qawolf.com?utm_campaign=DeveloperPlacement05032023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE LAUNCHES AN AI CODING BOT FOR ANDROID DEVELOPERS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/5/10/23717328/google-ai-coding-studio-bot-android-developers-io]


Google is launching a new AI-powered coding bot for Android
developers. During its 2023 I/O event, Google announced that the tool,
called Studio Bot, will help developers build apps by generating code,
fixing errors, and answering questions about Android. According to
Google, the bot is built on Codey, the company‚Äôs new foundational
coding model that stems from its updated PaLM 2 large language model
(LLM). Studio Bot supports both the Kotlin and Java programming
languages and will live directly in the toolbar on Android Studio.
There, developers can get quick answers to their questions or even
have the bot debug a portion of their code. 

YOUR "GDPR COMPLIANT" ANALYTICS IS PROBABLY VIOLATING GDPR (7 MINUTE
READ) [https://pilcrow.vercel.app/blog/gdpr-analytics] 

This article breaks down many laws related to GDPR, the ePrivacy
directive, and other EU mandates for online privacy. It argues that
with the current legislation, counting unique visitors in Europe is
actually nearly impossible. 

HOW DO WE GET A TECH TEAM TO MAKE A BIG TECHNICAL CHANGE? (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/10/how-do-we-get-a-tech-team-to-make-a-big-technical-change/]


Convincing a team to make big technical changes is tough. There are
constant blockers to doing so, such as time, technical, and resource
constraints. This article provides an example of how to influence your
team to make a significant technical change by gaining context on the
system and by presenting the decision the right way. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PUSH PROTECTION IS GENERALLY AVAILABLE, AND FREE FOR ALL PUBLIC
REPOSITORIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-09-push-protection-is-generally-available-and-free-for-all-public-repositories/]


GitHub has announced the general availability of push protection‚Äìa
feature that proactively prevents secret leaks in your public and
private repositories. 

MICROSOFT SKIPS PAY HIKES THIS YEAR AMID SHARP FOCUS ON AI (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/1-microsoft-not-employees-salary-163656834.html]


Microsoft said on Wednesday it will not raise salaries for full-time
employees this year, citing tough economic conditions, but will
continue with its bonuses, stock awards and promotions. An internal
email by CEO Satya Nadella said Microsoft was helping drive a major
platform shift in the new era of Al against the backdrop of rising
competition and global macroeconomic uncertainties. 

ASK HN: WHAT IS NEW IN ALGORITHMS AND DATA STRUCTURES THESE DAYS?
(HACKER NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35886900] 

A Hacker News discussion on new findings, research, and breakthroughs
in data structures and algorithms. 

A SHORT OVERVIEW OF THREADS, CORES, AND HYPERTHREADING (TWITTER
THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/franc0fernand0/status/1656302830079049729?s=46]


In the era of AI, it doesn't hurt to know a bit about computing power.
This is a short Tweet thread that explains key concepts like threads,
cores, and hyperthreading. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=77485144-efd0-11ed-a675-2378e11482ae&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683802822&t=1683803306&s=805ebee76dd35e51c37bddd1fc37fc86c9fb019a279b6a42d0c91ab3f91a5443].


¬†