# Articles TLDR Web Dev 23-10-2023

Meta recently revealed its internal serverless platform called XFaaS¬†


Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=9f2b6ace-7181-11ee-94f2-0ffafd827c77&pt=campaign&t=1698059027&s=1a592cd34d1af977f69251ad70db604f016dbfc7dec478f41fb5b0f3f026bdb6]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-23

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 META REVEALS THEIR SERVERLESS PLATFORM PROCESSING TRILLIONS OF
FUNCTION CALLS A DAY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/meta-xfaas-serverless-functions-explained?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Meta recently revealed its internal serverless platform called XFaaS,
which processes trillions of function calls a day thanks to unique
software optimizations. This article describes how XFaaS works and the
optimizations Meta has performed to make its platform efficient, like
just-in-time compilation. It also shows how XFaaS solves problems like
lengthy cold start times, high load variance, and overloading
downstream services. XFaaS offers lessons for public
Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) providers, like AWS Lambda, Azure
Functions, and Google Cloud Functions. 

 HOW TO REWRITE CLASSES USING CLOSURES IN JAVASCRIPT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://gaurangtandon.com/blog/javascript-class-closure?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 JavaScript class syntax has various issues, such as verbosity, lack
of private and readonly properties, and poor optimization by bundlers
and linters. Closures can work as an alternative to emulate class
behavior. Encapsulating properties and methods within closures results
in better code organization, improved linting, and bundler
optimization, while maintaining encapsulation and readonly properties.


 MMO ARCHITECTURE: CLIENT CONNECTIONS, SOCKETS, THREADS, AND
CONNECTION-ORIENTED SERVERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://prdeving.wordpress.com/2023/10/13/mmo-architecture-client-connections-sockets-threads-and-connection-oriented-servers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Managing a high volume of player connections efficiently is crucial
in MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online) game architecture. Traditional
one-to-one thread management for connections can be resource-intensive
and lead to latency issues. To address this, use thread pooling to
handle message processing efficiently, ensuring messages are processed
in a timely manner. The use of frontend servers for connection
management and game servers for game logic separation allows for
horizontal scalability and better resource utilization in complex MMO
systems. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 WE HAVE USED TOO MANY LEVELS OF ABSTRACTIONS AND NOW THE FUTURE LOOKS
BLEAK (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://unixsheikh.com/articles/we-have-used-too-many-levels-of-abstractions-and-now-the-future-looks-bleak.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The increasing levels of abstraction and automation in the tech
industry can result in software engineers lacking a deep understanding
of underlying technologies. This lack of understanding is concerning,
especially in areas like security, where reliance on tools may lead to
vulnerabilities going unnoticed. Tech professionals should remain
curious, understand the technology beneath the tools, and question
assumptions to maintain a deeper level of knowledge and
problem-solving ability. 

 TOP 3 SWE SKILLS I PICKED UP ON THE JOB (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.developing.dev/p/3-important-software-eng-skills-nobody?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 There are three skills that the author of this article learned on the
job: code review, influence in project management, and effective work
communication. For code review, the author recommends a Google guide
to code review and gives tips on navigating changes effectively. In
terms of influence, the author advises tailoring communication to
align with team goals and strategy. Finally, for work communication,
it‚Äôs important to know your audience and convey messages concisely. 

 PUSHING FOR A LOWER DEV ESTIMATE IS LIKE NEGOTIATING BETTER WEATHER
WITH A METEOROLOGIST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://smartguess.is/blog/your-estimate-is-less-than-that/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 External stakeholders often push for lower software development
estimates without new facts to support the reduction. However,
estimating software development effort is similar to weather
forecasting. Instead of negotiating lower estimates, developers should
have more productive discussions with stakeholders about budget
constraints, the most time-consuming parts of a project, unknowns, and
alternative approaches to project delivery. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 KIRIMASE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nicoalbanese/kirimase?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Kirimase is a command-line tool that accelerates Next.js app
development. It enhances your workflow, enabling rapid package
integration and resource scaffolding while adhering to best practices.


 CRONICLE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/jhuckaby/Cronicle] 

 Cronicle is a web-based multi-server task scheduler and runner that
manages scheduled, repeating, and on-demand jobs across worker
servers. It offers real-time stats and a live log viewer and supports
shell commands and plugins in various languages. Cronicle is a
Node.js-based replacement for Cron. 

 CSS SIZE ANALYZER (WEBSITE)
[https://www.debugbear.com/css-size-analyzer?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 This website allows users to analyze CSS size and catch bloat like
embedded images or fonts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHAT EVERY DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW ABOUT GPU COMPUTING (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://codeconfessions.substack.com/p/gpu-computing?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 With the increased importance of deep learning and AI, it‚Äôs
important for software engineers to understand GPUs. This article
highlights the fundamental differences between CPUs and GPUs, with
GPUs optimized for parallelism and high throughput. It also discusses
GPU architecture, including streaming multiprocessors (SMs), memory
hierarchy, and how GPUs tolerate high latencies to achieve their
impressive throughput. 

 HOW BENCHLING QUICKLY COMPARES DNA STRANDS WITH MILLIONS OF BASE
PAIRS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/benchling-quickly-compares-dna-strands-millions-base-pairs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Benchling, a biotech startup, finds common DNA fragments in the
context of molecular cloning. It does this by finding the longest
common substring in DNA sequences, which is a real-world application
of algorithms commonly asked in software interviews. This article
explores various algorithmic approaches to solve this problem,
including brute force, dynamic programming, and suffix tree-based
methods, with a focus on the advantages of the suffix tree approach. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 CONTINUOUS GROWTH IN TECH: 50+ RESOURCES I SWEAR BY AS A SENIOR
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/continuous-growth-in-tech-50-resources?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A list of newsletters, books, YouTube channels, and courses that are
useful for growing as a software engineer. 

 REFACTORING HAS A PRICE. NOT REFACTORING HAS A COST. EITHER WAY, YOU
PAY. (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.germanvelasco.com/blog/refactoring-is-a-habit?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Refactoring continuously while building features is considered paying
the price, while not refactoring until the codebase is too hard to
change is considered paying the cost. 

 BUILD YOUR OWN X (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/codecrafters-io/build-your-own-x?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A compilation of well-written, step-by-step guides for re-creating
technologies like Redis from scratch to learn how they work. 

 SQLBOLT (WEBSITE) [https://sqlbolt.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 SQLBolt has interactive lessons and exercises to help you learn SQL
quickly. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=9f2b6ace-7181-11ee-94f2-0ffafd827c77&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698058819&t=1698059027&s=f847faa4100e091a50dc56ea9cf3824e8b07499c4ca71c7f2016ae9b5162e285].