# Articles TLDR Web Dev 19-09-2023

Paypal‚Äôs Kafka fleet consists of over 85 clusters that process over
100 billion messages per day.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=eb4f905e-56d0-11ee-9587-5f2988348074&pt=campaign&t=1695121548&s=93e1ee3bd07b57e7059635da5c456534a1fe10a03e0ea636170dbe5f514a56e3]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Hired]
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-19

FIND A JOB WITHOUT JOBHUNTING (SPONSOR)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]

Hired has 2,027 open positions
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]
for tech roles: engineering, product management, design, and sales.
The best part? You don‚Äôt need to apply for jobs ‚Äî companies
approach you
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter)&utm_content=find-a-job]
with salary details upfront.
‚úîÔ∏è¬†Zoom, Shopify, Dropbox and 10k other companies have already
hired on Hired.

Join now to get offers (100% free for candidates)
[https://hired.com/join/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=sponsor&utm_campaign=(b2c)(l-all)(r-all)(tldrnewsletter-devspo)&utm_content=find-a-job]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW PAYPAL SCALED KAFKA TO 1.3 TRILLION MESSAGES A DAY (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/paypal-scaled-kafka-13-trillion-messages-day?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Apache Kafka is used to move messages between backend components.
Paypal‚Äôs Kafka fleet consists of over 85 clusters that process over
100 billion messages per day. This article goes over how Paypal
introduced Kafka-specific client libraries, config services, and more,
in order to scale Kafka to such a large number of clusters.
Furthermore, its Kafka clusters are able to handle peaks in usage
smoothly, with Black Friday bringing in 1.3 trillion messages a day. 

REVEALING IMAGES WITH CSS MASK ANIMATIONS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/revealing-images-css-mask-animations/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Complex hover animations can be created with just an `img` tag using
CSS mask animations. This tutorial provides visual code examples of
various animated effects achieved using solely mask effects. Some of
the examples include a circle reveal, a diagonal reveal, and a zig-zag
reveal. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

CHATGPT ISN‚ÄôT COMING FOR YOUR CODING JOB (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/chatgpt-coding-software-crisis/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

ChatGPT isn‚Äôt going to replace programmers, but it will probably
create greater expectations for productivity once AI developer tools
get better. However, ChatGPT does bring improvements to the developer
experience, like removing the boring work of creating boilerplate or
writing documentation. It allows developers to move faster and work on
more interesting parts of software engineering. 

I‚ÄôM NOT A GREAT PROGRAMMER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://digma.ai/blog/30-key-traits-and-habits-for-efficient-software-engineering/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

While skill mastery and technology expertise are vital, being a good
developer doesn‚Äôt automatically mean you‚Äôre efficient. There are
other key traits and habits that signify an efficient software
engineer, such as planning software design ahead of time, making
proper tradeoffs, and more. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

MANUAL TO AUTOMATED QA IN JUST 4 MONTHS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ManualToAutomatedQA09192023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ManualToAutomatedQA09192023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets web apps to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4
months. And they include unlimited parallel runs on their
infrastructure + 24-hour maintenance and triage at no additional cost.
The benefit? 3-minute QA cycles, zero false positives, and
human-verified bug reports. Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=ManualToAutomatedQA09192023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn more.

PS: Here's a link [https://www.g2.com/products/qa-wolf/reviews] to
their G2 reviews, where they are currently rated 4.9/5.

HYPERDX (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hyperdxio/hyperdx?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

HyperDX helps engineers figure out why production is broken faster by
centralizing and correlating logs, metrics, traces, exceptions, and
session replays in one place. It is an open source alternative to
Datadog and has a focus on developer experience. 

SUPERFLOWS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Superflows-AI/superflows?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Superflows makes it simple for developers to add an AI assistant to
their software product. This allows users to chat with the product
naturally, while Superflows makes calls to the software‚Äôs API to
answer questions and perform actions for users. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW MY BROKEN ELBOW MADE THE ABLEISM OF COMPUTER PROGRAMMING PERSONAL
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-023-02885-y?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

One programmer‚Äôs elbow injury gave her an insight into the degree to
which software engineering caters mainly to non-disabled people. For
example, for those who are visually impaired, it can be hard to write
code or look up documentation on the Internet, where accessibility
isn‚Äôt always consistent. There are also disadvantages for those who
don‚Äôt speak English, as most programming documentation is
English-first. As a result, there is work to be done in the software
engineering field to make it more accessible to everyone. 

HOW LEADERS SHOULD APPROACH DIFFICULT CONVERSATIONS WITH EMPLOYEES (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90952241/how-leaders-should-approach-difficult-conversations-with-employees?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

One of the most challenging parts of being a boss‚Äîwhether you have
one direct report or hundreds‚Äîis having difficult conversations.
Whatever the issue is, direct and clear communication is essential,
even when that can be challenging. Whether you need to talk about
compensation or deliver a not-so-stellar performance review, this post
shows you how to proceed. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

JETBRAINS PREVIEWS RUSTROVER IDE FOR RUST DEVELOPMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3706474/jetbrains-previews-rustrover-ide-for-rust-development.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

RustRover combines coding assistance and a built-in toolchain for
testing, running, debugging, and analyzing Rust code. 

WHY JAVA INTRODUCED THE LIST.OF() METHOD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://asyncq.com/why-java-introduced-list-of-method?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The List.of() method in Java 9 was inspired by languages like Haskell
which promoted immutability. 

THE JOYS OF MAINTENANCE PROGRAMMING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://typicalprogrammer.com/the-joys-of-maintenance-programming?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Maintenance programming is the act of maintaining old code that‚Äôs
already running. Doing so can help you get better at debugging,
optimizing code, and more. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=eb4f905e-56d0-11ee-9587-5f2988348074&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695121229&t=1695121548&s=3111bd32de4e0c96d8b65021088edf1af84e404af483a6fa94ec7e2c9a008a04].