# Articles TLDR Web Dev 22-05-2023

API-first is a product-centric approach to developing APIs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cd56c688-f872-11ed-b29e-d19759fdad2b&pt=campaign&t=1684754304&s=b2136110b6abeb08caef001fd842b52fa2a6a4b1895b19fcf0c34dfb11d6fc79]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-22

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHAT IS API-FIRST? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://tyk.io/blog/res-what-is-api-first] 

API-first is a product-centric approach to developing APIs. It views
the role of APIs as discrete products rather than integrations
subsumed within other systems. This blog post discusses the benefits
of this approach in terms of developer experience, flexibility, and
interoperability. It also looks at the challenges and methods of
adopting the approach in your organization. 

MASTERING REDUX: A BALANCED ANALYSIS WITH CODE EXAMPLES FOR REACT
DEVELOPERS (16 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/29awn] 

Redux is a powerful React library that will help you manage state in
your React applications. This article explores its benefits, explains
its challenges, and aims to help you write better code. It includes
real-life examples that will give you a deeper understanding of Redux
and equip you with the knowledge to decide whether or not to implement
Redux in your own React applications. 

DESIGN EFFECTIVE AND SECURE REST APIS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/design-effective-and-secure-rest] 

This is a detailed guide by Alex Xu of ByteByteGo in designing secure
and effective REST endpoints. Specifically he delves into how to
‚Äúsmell‚Äù API issues that need a redesign, dives into a model that
helps us distinguish good API design from bad, and provides a
refresher on basic HTTP verbs and status codes. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW ‚ÄúOPEN‚Äù SHOULD YOUR OPEN SOURCE BE? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/featured/how-open-is-open-source] 

The purpose of open source projects is to receive feedback and
contributions from developers, no matter what company they belong to
or what experience level they have. At times, though, it may be best
for maintainers to limit or completely halt outside contributions.
This article explains why and when it may be time to limit code
contributions to your project. 

HOW NOTION ACHIEVES 95% ORGANIC TRAFFIC THROUGH COMMUNITY-LED GROWTH
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://productify.substack.com/p/how-notion-achieves-95-organic-traffic]


Notion has raised funds of $343.2 million over 5 rounds. It is funded
by 30 investors, including Sequoia Capital. Notion's subreddit
community has 280,000+ members. Through various channels, Notion has
supercharged its product feedback loop with creative uses of community
building and sharing of the product. This article also breaks down how
you can apply and create community-led growth in your product. 

SAME STOP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engineersneedart.com/blog/samestop/samestop.html] 

A man who retired from Apple after 26 years finds himself programming
again in his free time. He retired to stop programming and instead
finds himself at the ‚Äúsame stop‚Äù again, except this time he‚Äôs
programming his own ideas and enjoying it greatly. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

TROGON (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Textualize/trogon] 

Trogon helps developers auto-generate friendly terminal user
interfaces for command line apps. Trogon inspects your command line
app and extracts a schema which describes the options / switches /
help etc. It then uses that information to build a Textual UI you can
use to edit and run the command. 

AWESOME LANGCHAIN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kyrolabs/awesome-langchain] 

LangChain is a framework to get LLM projects done quickly and the
ecosystem is growing fast. This repository is a curated list of tools
and projects using LangChain. 

BARD API (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/dsdanielpark/Bard-API] 

Bard API is a Python package that returns responses from Google Bard
through an API. It has gone through constant iterations in just the
past week and has now reached a stable release. It also has various
examples, scripts, and other features to help development be easier. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AMAZON'S SECRET PLAN TO ADD A.I. SEARCH (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/aisupremacy/p/amazons-secret-plan-to-add-ai-search?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


Amazon has been taking market share in product search from Google for
years and has become an advertising behemoth in its own right. Amazon
already has AWS, and if it can win more market share in digital
advertising, it will increase its diversification to take on robotics
and other scalable ventures around logistics, the food industry, and
other lower margin big pieces of the puzzle. LLMs and Generative A.I.
will be a key way in how Amazon does this. Not just with its Search
but with Alexa. 

HOW IMMUTABLE SCRIPTS IN DENO ALLOW WINDMILL.DEV TO BUILD PRODUCTION
GRADE OPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://deno.com/blog/immutable-scripts-windmill-production-grade-ops]


Windmill.dev is an open-source developer platform where companies can
build internal workflows and UIs from scripts. Many companies rely on
Windmill for mission critical workflows so being performant, secure,
and flexible is a must. The Windmill team chose Deno as their
TypeScript runtime of choice and it allows them to build high quality
infrastructure. 

EXPLORING THE BEST GRAPHQL DATA VISUALIZATION TOOLS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/exploring-best-graphql-data-visualization-tools/]


Many developers are interested in new ways to better understand and
visualize their GraphQL data. There are a number of visualization
tools that can help with this and this article explores 3 of those
tools. It outlines why and when you should use them. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HIGHEST PAYING PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES FOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/highest-paying-programming-languages-for-software-engineers-1c3064db09c2]


A list of the programming languages and frameworks that give you the
highest potential salary as a software developer. 

HOW TO MEASURE PAGE LOADING TIME WITH PERFORMANCE API (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.silvestar.codes/articles/how-to-measure-page-loading-time-with-performance-api/]


A small NPM package for measuring page loading time. 

BUILD A MEMORY GAME WITH RAILS, STIMULUS JS, AND TAILWIND (13 MINUTE
READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/memory-game-rails-stimulusjs-tailwindcss]


Stimulus is a JavaScript framework designed for augmenting your HTML
in a way that‚Äôs not dramatic or intrusive. This article will teach
you about the key features of Stimulus JS and discuss the appropriate
use cases for each feature. You‚Äôll also get the chance to start
building with Stimulus JS by creating a memory game. 

REDUCING THE COST OF STRING SERIALIZATION IN NODE.JS CORE (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.yagiz.co/reducing-the-cost-of-string-serialization-in-nodejs-core]


Serializing strings has commonly been a pain point for developers.
This article proposes a method that is able to improve the performance
of URL parsing and formatting, reduce memory usage, and improve
overall runtime stability. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cd56c688-f872-11ed-b29e-d19759fdad2b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684753220&t=1684754304&s=41bd986d9e578f8c1cf314a815f7f8c56db3745604ddc0ee2bbde60958283a1d].


¬†