# Articles TLDR Web Dev 24-10-2023

Base64 encoding converts binary data into ASCII text using a set of 64
safe characters¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cddf7472-724a-11ee-9292-b98eaab8a0fe&pt=campaign&t=1698145422&s=2e572a2d1be97f6dba2466161f36da2edc6873e8cd3ed93c0ab741256dc8f1a1]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Sentry]
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-24

 WE RECOMMEND: SENTRY ‚Äî ERROR AND PERFORMANCE MONITORING FOR
DEVELOPERS (SPONSOR)
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry]


 Broken lines of code ü§¶

Busted API calls üò§

Crashes ü§¨

We‚Äôre not fans of any of the above, which is why we use Sentry
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry].
It‚Äôs the only developer-first app monitoring platform
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry]
built to give you answers, not clues (without sifting through logs or
deciphering user metrics).

Nearly 4M developers and 100K organizations rely on Sentry to see what
actually matters, solve what's urgent faster
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry],
and learn continuously about their code. This includes the folks at
GitHub, Atlassian, Microsoft, VMware‚Ä¶ and even our own dev team here
at TLDR üòç

Start monitoring for free with the Sentry Developer edition
[https://sentry.io/welcome/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paid-community&utm_campaign=general-fy24q3-evergreen&utm_content=newsletter-tldroverall-trysentry]

PS. New customers - use the exclusive promo code 'tldrwebdev' get $100
off any plan!

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 BASE64 ENCODING, EXPLAINED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.akshaykhot.com/base64-encoding-explained/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Base64 encoding converts binary data into ASCII text using a set of
64 safe characters. It can be used for cases such as embedding image
data in HTML, ensuring data integrity during transmission, and
enabling manipulation of objects with text editors. This article
provides a step-by-step explanation of the Base64 encoding algorithm
and demonstrates how to encode and decode Base64 data in various
programming languages. 

 REVOLUTIONIZING REAL-TIME STREAMING PROCESSING: 4 TRILLION EVENTS
DAILY AT LINKEDIN (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/2023/revolutionizing-real-time-streaming-processing--4-trillion-event?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 LinkedIn used Apache Beam to significantly improve its real-time
streaming processing, managing over 4 trillion events daily across
more than 3,000 pipelines. This implementation unified batch and
stream processing, optimizing costs, reducing pipeline deployment
time, and enabling real-time machine learning feature generation among
other benefits. These implementations improved resource efficiency and
scalability in handling 950 million member profiles. 

 WRITE YOUR OWN ZOD (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://zackoverflow.dev/writing/write-your-own-zod?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Zod is a Typescript library where defining a schema gives you both
runtime validation and type safety. This guide walks readers through
implementing Zod from scratch. It starts by defining various Zod
types, such as ZodString, and implementing an ‚Äúinfer‚Äù generic type
to convert Zod types into Typescript types. The article also
introduces an API for building schemas using functions like "string,"
"number," "unknown," "array," and "object." These functions create
schema objects with corresponding Zod types and parse functions to
validate input data. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 SOFTWARE DISENCHANTMENT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonsky.me/blog/disenchantment/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 The software industry has a lack of focus on efficiency, simplicity,
and excellence. In contrast to other fields like automotive
engineering or construction, software often runs at a fraction of its
potential performance, and this inefficiency is accepted. The industry
must change - there is a need for better tools, more efficient
software, and a community of engineers who prioritize quality and
performance. 

 LET'S HAVE THREE ABSTRACTION LAYERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://minimal.app/Z0ndOgmj?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 This author presents the concept of three abstraction layers: Nature,
Middle, and Human. These layers correspond to different levels of
engagement and problem-solving, with Nature being the physical laws,
Middle involving technical tasks, and Human focusing on user-friendly
interactions. The author emphasizes the importance of recognizing
which layer you are operating on to make informed decisions and avoid
over-optimization or ignoring necessary abstractions. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 SOLVE AUTHENTICATION AND USER MANAGEMENT, AND GET ON WITH YOUR LIFE
(SPONSOR)
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-24-2023&utm_term=secondary]


 Handling user onboarding and account management is a costly
distraction for most dev teams. Clerk
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-24-2023&utm_term=secondary]
offers prebuilt UI components
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-24-2023&utm_term=secondary]
+ feature-rich SDKs and APIs
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-24-2023&utm_term=secondary]
for drop-in authentication and user management.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Purpose-built for the React, Next.js, and the modern web.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Designed to get developers up and running in minutes.

Start on Clerk‚Äôs generous free tier (5,000 MAUs)
[https://clerk.com/?utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr-webdev&utm_content=10-24-2023&utm_term=secondary]

 YARN 4.0 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://yarnpkg.com/blog/release/4.0?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Yarn 4.0 has been released. There are some breaking changes, such as
Node.js 18+ now being a requirement. Yarn 4.0 comes with an improved
user interface, a constraints engine, a new Hardened Mode to protect
against attacks, and more. 

 CHDB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chdb-io/chdb?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 chDB is an embedded SQL OLAP Engine that utilizes ClickHouse (a
column-oriented database management system) for processing. It
eliminates the requirement to separately install ClickHouse and
minimizes data copying between C++ and Python using memoryview. chDB
supports a wide range of input and output formats, including Parquet,
CSV, JSON, Arrow, ORC, and more. 

 PYPIPE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bugen/pypipe?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 pypipe is a Python command-line tool for pipeline processing. It can
be used to process files line by line, split lines by tab, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE STATE OF WEBASSEMBLY 2023 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.scottlogic.com/2023/10/18/the-state-of-webassembly-2023.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This is a summary of the findings from the latest State of
WebAssembly survey. Some of the main takes are that Rust and
JavaScript usage continues to increase, but there is a growing desire
for Zig and Kotlin. The use of WASM as a plugin environment continues
to climb, with developers hoping it will deliver the ‚Äúwrite once and
run anywhere‚Äù promise. 

 HOW DOES MACOS MANAGE VIRTUAL CORES ON APPLE SILICON? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://eclecticlight.co/2023/10/23/how-does-macos-manage-virtual-cores-on-apple-silicon/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Apple silicon chips have two types of CPU cores: Efficiency and
Performance. macOS schedules threads based on their Quality of Service
(QoS) and core clustering. Virtual cores within VMs are treated
similarly to high QoS threads on the host, with no specific allocation
to physical cores or attempts to use Efficiency cores. As a result,
VMs lack the energy efficiency and background performance benefits of
running directly on Apple silicon hardware. 

 THE HEAVINESS OF MAINTAINING SYSTEMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://pcable.net/posts/2020-02-29-heaviness-of-systems/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Skills required for effective operations in tech extend beyond
technical expertise and encompass aspects like dealing with
instability, reverse engineering, and effective communication. These
skills are valuable but can come at a personal cost, potentially
leading to burnout. It‚Äôs hard to maintain systems so it‚Äôs
important for companies to come up with a sustainable way for
maintenance. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 EMBEDDINGS: WHAT THEY ARE AND WHY THEY MATTER (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2023/Oct/23/embeddings/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A deep dive into embeddings, which are used to make AI better. 

 PROTOMAPS (WEBSITE) [https://protomaps.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Protomaps is a free, open-source map of the world. It‚Äôs deployable
as a single static file on cloud storage. 

 A COMPREHENSIVE LIST OF 2023 TECH LAYOFFS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/tech-layoffs-2023-list/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A list of companies that have performed layoffs, with dates and
number of employees laid off for each. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=cddf7472-724a-11ee-9292-b98eaab8a0fe&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698145226&t=1698145422&s=0844c6af96bd9a156a638f3297cdb048c0f86086bd3640f22a79ef1a059dc4e5].


¬†