# Articles TLDR Web Dev 11-09-2023

Bun is a fast, all-in-one toolkit for running, building, testing, and
debugging JavaScript and TypeScript¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d18059f6-5081-11ee-abb8-3f59134bfcc5&pt=campaign&t=1694430531&s=18d735761c11a9bdf0902f29b30ee30af7334fb1c64b2a93b69713c42a8f27df]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-11

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

MAKING SENSE OF REACT SERVER COMPONENTS (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/react/server-components/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

React Server Components (RSCs) can run exclusively on the server. This
article is a deep dive into how RSCs work, the benefits, and how it
fits with other frontend concepts like server-side rendering (SSR). It
starts by explaining SSR and moves on to how React Server and Client
components fit into a system and the advantages of using it. 

CREATE CONFIGURABLE ANGULAR GUARDS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/create-configurable-angular-guards-11800f84d90a?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

When building web applications, from time to time we have to protect
routes from unauthorized access. In Angular, we can do this by using
router guards. In this article, you‚Äôll learn to create configurable
Angular guards by making a guard that will check if the logged in user
has a specific role and redirect accordingly. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

7 SIMPLE HABITS OF THE TOP 1% OF ENGINEERS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/7-simple-habits-of-the-top-1-of-engineers?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

High-performing engineers have some simple habits that help them
produce high quality code. These habits include following a consistent
style guide, avoiding surprises in their code, and being detached from
their code. This article lays out seven habits of high-performing
engineers, with explanations and actionable advice along the way. 

RULES OF THUMB FOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ESTIMATIONS (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/project-estimates/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Software estimation is the bane of many developers‚Äô existence and
the scourge of project managers everywhere. This article details the
reality of the complexities of real-world development, revealing harsh
truths about software estimation. The advice provided could be the
difference between a successful career and a lifetime of missed
deadlines and frustrated coworkers. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

BUN 1.0 IS FINALLY HERE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://bun.sh/blog/bun-v1.0?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bun is a fast, all-in-one toolkit for running, building, testing, and
debugging JavaScript and TypeScript, from a single file to a
full-stack application. Today, Bun is stable and production-ready. Bun
is a drop-in replacement for Node.js, replacing it entirely. It also
replaces transpilers, bundlers, package managers, and testing
libraries, which means you no longer need to use tools like npm, yarn,
webpack, and jest. 

TEXTUAL WEB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Textualize/textual-web?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Textual Web is a Python application that allows you to run terminals
in your browser. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BEYOND PROMPT ENGINEERING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/beyond-prompt-engineering?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A recent paper by researchers at Google DeepMind found that
AI-optimized prompts can outperform humans by up to 50% in certain
benchmarks. This article presents some ideas for the future of the
post-prompt AI ecosystem. Some examples include task-specific models
with a fixed style input & output and DSL for prompts or models. 

ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOR ENGINEERS: A POST LAY-OFF STARTUP? (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/entrepreneurship-for-engineers-a-post-layoff-startup/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

For some would-be tech entrepreneurs, losing their job is the catalyst
they need to start their own company. However, it‚Äôs important to
take the right steps in order to not waste time. Developers should
start with a minimum viable product, not get too married to the
initial version, and think like a leader. Chances are, the first
product will fail and there will be a need to pivot the product down
the road, so it‚Äôs important to approach solo development in a
different way. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 REASONS WHY WHATSAPP WAS ABLE TO SUPPORT 50 BILLION MESSAGES A DAY
WITH ONLY 32 ENGINEERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.systemdesign.one/p/whatsapp-engineering?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

WhatsApp was able to scale massively while keeping its team relatively
small by employing a series of interesting engineering techniques.
These include using the Single Responsibility Principle, having an
Erlang technology stack, and cross-cutting concerns. In 2014, Facebook
acquired WhatsApp for 19 billion dollars. 

HOW TO CHOOSE BETWEEN NODE.JS AND DJANGO: A STRAIGHTFORWARD ANALYSIS
(13 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketsplash.com/tutorials/node-js/django-vs-node-js/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In the bustling realm of web development, the choice between Django
and Node.js can shape the trajectory of your project. As you navigate
this pivotal decision, it‚Äôs important to account for the strengths
and drawbacks of each. In this detailed comparison, you‚Äôll see the
tangible aspects that developers prioritize and a head-to-head
evaluation of both platforms to aid your decision. 

14 LINTING RULES TO HELP YOU WRITE ASYNCHRONOUS CODE IN JAVASCRIPT (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://maximorlov.com/linting-rules-for-asynchronous-code-in-javascript/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article presents 14 ESLint rules for asynchronous code, like
setting a limit for nested callbacks, which prevents debugging
headaches down the road. 

WHAT WILL THE WEB BE LIKE IN 20 YEARS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2023/09/what-will-the-web-be-like-in-20-years/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Read one engineer's predictions for what the web will look and work
like in 20 years. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d18059f6-5081-11ee-abb8-3f59134bfcc5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694430030&t=1694430531&s=8c6920ae296526427feb03d7ac9f50f60534f3ba864149e3e0a14694379674df].