# Articles TLDR Web Dev 06-10-2023

Google has a process called ‚Äúreadability‚Äù that allows it to
maintain certain coding standards and best practices in its monolithic
codebase¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=104993fa-6414-11ee-aa13-4baadef5a0e9&pt=campaign&t=1696590353&s=0c171d9dce1e9b8eb89a96f00fc243b61594851f0ea79977e8fa73ec415bcb03]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-06

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW GOOGLE WRITES CLEAN, MAINTAINABLE CODE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-google-writes-clean-maintainable?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google has a process called ‚Äúreadability‚Äù that allows it to
maintain certain coding standards and best practices in its monolithic
codebase. It has published its style guides online and has described
the readability process in its book ‚ÄúSoftware Engineering at
Google‚Äù. Readability helps Google increase knowledge sharing,
maintain its codebase's health, enforce best practices, and sustain a
culture of mentorship. However, readability results in slower code
velocity. The article goes through some examples of clean TypeScript
code using Google‚Äôs style guide. 

BEST PRACTICES FOR SECURING NODE.JS APPLICATIONS IN PRODUCTION (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/securing-nodejs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article provides fifteen best practices for securing Node.js
applications in production. These include setting secure HTTP headers,
implementing rate limiting, and enforcing strong authentication
policies. The article goes through each best practice with short code
examples and images. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO COMMUNICATE LIKE A GITHUB ENGINEER: OUR PRINCIPLES, PRACTICES,
AND TOOLS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-10-04-how-to-communicate-like-a-github-engineer-our-principles-practices-and-tools/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

GitHub is a remote-first company, so its communication approach is
rooted in asynchronous communication. The team uses GitHub not just
for code hosting, but also for planning, discussing, and documenting
work. To manage communication effectively, they created the "How we
communicate" guidance, with rules such as preferring asynchronous
communication and embracing collaboration. GitHub also uses AI to
reduce notification fatigue and summarize discussion posts, making it
easy for people to catch up on conversations they missed quickly. 

NEXT.JS 13 VS REMIX: AN IN-DEPTH CASE STUDY (33 MINUTE READ)
[https://prateeksurana.me/blog/nextjs-13-vs-remix-an-in-depth-case-study/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a detailed comparison between Next.js 13 and Remix Run for
building an example Twitter-like app. Next.js 13 and Remix both have
adopted similar layout approaches. While Remix uses loaders for data
fetching, Next.js 13 introduces React Server Components, offers a
superior developer experience. Both support Streaming with Suspense to
enhance user experience. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CRAFT.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/prevwong/craft.js?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Craft.js is a React framework for building extensible drag and drop
page editors. It modularizes the building blocks of a page editor and
ships with a drag-and-drop system. 

ENVALID (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/af/envalid?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Envalid is a small library for validating and accessing environment
variables in Node.js programs. It provides developers with
documentation about a program‚Äôs expected environment and ensures
that a program only runs when its environmental dependencies are met. 

DAY.JS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/iamkun/dayjs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Day.js is a minimalist JavaScript library that parses, validates,
manipulates, and displays dates and times for modern browsers with a
largely Moment.js-compatible API. If you use Moment.js, you already
know how to use Day.js. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY HTTP/3 IS EATING THE WORLD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.apnic.net/2023/09/25/why-http-3-is-eating-the-world/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

HTTP/3, a new version of the HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP), has
gained rapid adoption on the internet, with support ranging from 19%
to over 50% among web servers and networks. It is used extensively by
major companies like Google and Meta. HTTP/3 solves several problems
of older protocols like TCP, offering better security, encryption,
efficiency, and performance. Its adoption has been driven by its
improved performance, which makes it ideal for loading web pages and
streaming videos. 

NO MORE VENDOR LOCK-IN? THE RISE OF SKY COMPUTING (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/no-more-vendor-lock-in-the-rise-of?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Traditional cloud computing often confines users to vendor-specific
platforms. Sky Computing reduces this dependency ‚Äì it‚Äôs a
technical abstraction layer on top of cloud providers that allow cloud
apps to operate freely across multiple cloud providers. This approach
offers benefits such as cost optimization, redundancy, risk
mitigation, and performance enhancement. It allows companies to
achieve greater flexibility, scalability, and avoid vendor lock-in,
while cloud providers can tap into new revenue opportunities and
expand their market share. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHERE DOES MY COMPUTER GET THE TIME FROM? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dotat.at/@/2023-05-26-whence-time.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A short informal blog post that explains where various computers in
different locations get the time from. 

DATABASE PERFORMANCE AT SCALE (BOOK)
[https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007/978-1-4842-9711-7.pdf?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Database Performance at Scale is a free book about database
performance at scale. It‚Äôs written by ScyllaDB engineers who have
worked with scaling large systems like Discord and is available as a
PDF. 

I‚ÄôM NOT A PROGRAMMER, AND I USED AI TO BUILD MY FIRST BOT (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.replit.com/building-my-first-slack-bot?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The author of this article was able to create a Slack bot with Replit
and its AI capabilities. 

CAREER GROWTH AFTER 35: WHAT AWAITS PROGRAMMERS? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/devteam/career-growth-after-35-what-awaits-programmers-1ff0?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Q&A where over-35 software engineers answer how their careers are. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=104993fa-6414-11ee-aa13-4baadef5a0e9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696590020&t=1696590353&s=aea4cfa7003b4200f023554459465f3de96f93fc9aa14017e5c3445c1653cfa0].