# Articles TLDR Web Dev 20-07-2023

As Postgres gains more momentum, it becomes harder to pick between
Postgres and MySQL¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b22eb946-26e0-11ee-9101-c1a8cf6e72a7&pt=campaign&t=1689851052&s=8ebe58dec4b547ad6f49fd63e17918258187d1f5aa5fa6970436272bcaeab054]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Datadog]
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-20

FRONT-END DEVELOPER KIT FROM DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]


Single-page applications and complex front-end frameworks are growing
increasingly popular. Your approach to monitoring needs to evolve.
This free developer kit
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]
gives you instant access to resources that help you take a
user-centric approach.
WHAT‚ÄôS INSIDE:

	* Best practices guides: key methods for improving front-end
monitoring
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]
and testing strategies.
	* Solutions brief: steps for catching and resolving issues
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]
proactively.
	* On-demand webinar: how to better monitor and optimize front-end
apps
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit].

WHAT‚ÄôS IN IT FOR YOU: Better understand user activity and
troubleshoot front-end issues effectively.

COST: FREE.

‚û°Ô∏è Get the full kit from Datadog!
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-developer-kit/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-dev-kit]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE REACT ECOSYSTEM IN 2023 (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/react-js-in-2023] 

This article lays out the current landscape of React tools and
frameworks for routing, client and server state management, and
testing. It also contains modules for other common use cases, such as
styling, form handling, animation, and data visualization. It‚Äôs a
great refresher and overview on the current latest React offerings in
web development. 

POSTGRES VS MYSQL: A COMPLETE COMPARISON IN 2023 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bytebase.com/blog/postgres-vs-mysql/] 

In the recent Stack Overflow developer survey, Postgres was revealed
to be the most used and preferred database by professional developers.
As Postgres gains more momentum, it becomes harder to pick between
Postgres and MySQL. MySQL is probably still the world's most popular
open source database by install base. This article compares the two
databases in terms of performance, features, extensibility, usability,
and more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO GIVE PRESENTATIONS AND DEMOS YOUR TEAMMATES WILL LOVE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/how-to-give-presentations-and-demos?r=1nwcx&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web]


This article introduces the Problem-Agitate-Solution framework, used
to give great presentations. It helps give presentations that
‚Äúwow‚Äù your teammates. The article also gives tips for making the
actual visuals of your presentation better, such as adding ample
whitespace and showing versus telling. 

TO SUCCEED AT YOUR NEXT JOB INTERVIEW AND STAND OUT FROM THE CROWD,
FOLLOW THESE TIPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://afrotech.com/to-succeed-at-your-next-job-interview-and-stand-out-from-the-crowd-follow-these-tips]


Interviews are a chance for job seekers to prove that they are the
cream of the crop. Some tips to stand out from the crowd include doing
your research beforehand, utilizing LinkedIn effectively, and looking
into the job recruiter. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

WEB-CHECK (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Lissy93/web-check] 

Web-Check is an all-in-one website OSINT tool for analyzing any
website. It allows you to get an insight into the inner workings of a
given website, letting you uncover potential attack vectors, analyze
server architecture, view security configurations, and learn what
technologies a site is using. 

INFISICAL (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Infisical/infisical] 

Infisical is an open-source, end-to-end encrypted platform for secret
management: sync secrets across your team/infrastructure and prevent
secret leaks. 

LANGSMITH (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.langchain.dev/announcing-langsmith/] 

LangChain has introduced LangSmith, a unified platform for debugging,
testing, evaluating, and monitoring your LLM applications. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI & INTERNET‚ÄôS EXISTENTIAL CRISIS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://om.co/2023/07/17/ai-internets-existential-crisis/] 

The Internet is having an existential crisis. Humans have freely and
liberally created and shared information on the Internet for the past
twenty-five years. AI models have been trained using this content
created by humans. However, there is now a stark reality: AI will
create content humans consume and the machines will use this
machine-generated information for training machines, which could lead
to degenerated future AI models. 

HOW AI WILL CREATE A NEW CATEGORY OF GAMES (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/07/19/the-neverending-game-how-ai-will-create-a-new-category-of-games/]


Generative AI can help create new AI-first game categories and
dramatically expand existing genres. While early, a few AI-powered
gameplay areas that are intriguing include generative agents,
personalization, AI storytelling, dynamic worlds, and AI copilots. If
successful, these systems could combine to create new categories of
AI-first games that entertain, engage, and retain players for a very
long time. 

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR DESIGN 

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Design newsletter
curation team. The newsletter already has over 250,000 subscribers
pre-launch, it's a great way to build a personal brand within the
designer community.
The ideal candidate would work as a designer and enjoy keeping up with
designer news and trends through channels like Twitter, Reddit, blogs,
podcasts, and online communities.

Time commitment is ~5-10 hours/week (Sunday through Thursday) paid at
a rate of $100/hr, to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to
jobs@tldr.tech along with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good
fit!

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO WRITE A GREAT README (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.appsmith.com/blog/write-a-great-readme] 

The README needs to explain what the project does, how to use it, and
how people can help out. 

GPT-4 IS GETTING WORSE OVER TIME (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/svpino/status/1681614284613099520?s=20] 

A recent study shows how the June version of GPT-4 is objectively
worse than the version released in March on a few tasks. 

LOST AT SQL: THE SQL LEARNING GAME (WEBSITE)
[https://lost-at-sql.therobinlord.com/] 

Lost at SQL is a game that helps you learn or refresh your SQL skills.


TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b22eb946-26e0-11ee-9101-c1a8cf6e72a7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689850820&t=1689851052&s=54288ec782d37f32f1b92b216081812c13e8c04887c5ec1047564a9dfc0d8842].