# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-04-2023

Web-LLM brings language model chats directly onto web browsers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/ai?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1a4f3e70-dcf8-11ed-83a3-07ac0308e972&pt=campaign&t=1681735043&s=b7adc51d0481b0292dc10d02a4bcea760752400c8f527e8f76e5a83fd7586a8a]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-17

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

WEB-LLM: LARGE-LANGUAGE MODELS AND CHAT LOCALLY IN WEB BROWSERS
(GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/mlc-ai/web-llm] 

Web-LLM brings language model chats directly onto web browsers.
Everything runs inside the browser with no server support and
accelerated with WebGPU. It brings a lot of fun opportunities to build
AI assistants for everyone and enables privacy while enjoying GPU
acceleration. 

WAYBACK: A SELF-HOSTED ARCHIVE SERVICE INTEGRATED WITH INTERNET
ARCHIVE AND MORE (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/wabarc/wayback] 

Wayback is a tool that supports running as a command-line tool and
docker container, purpose to snapshot web pages to time capsules. It
is a self-hosted archiving service integrated with Internet Archive,
archive.today, IPFS and beyond. 

STABILITY AI MAKES ITS STABLE DIFFUSION MODELS AVAILABLE ON AMAZON‚ÄôS
NEW BEDROCK SERVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://stability.ai/blog/stability-ai-makes-its-stable-diffusion-models-available-on-amazons-new-bedrock-service]


Amazon‚Äôs new Bedrock service has Stable Diffusion imaging models and
upcoming Stable suite of foundation models accessible. Amazon Bedrock
is a scalable, reliable, and secure fully managed service that allows
customers to quickly integrate foundation models into their
applications, without having to manage infrastructure, incur large
costs, or put their data at risk. 

INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERS JUST GOT A COPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://infracopilot.io%20for%20UTM%20-%20?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]


Finding the right cloud architecture for a use-case takes time and
research. InfraCopilot is an intelligent IaC editor that is attempting
to speed that up by converting high-level architectural descriptions
into reliable implementations. Learn more
[https://infracopilot.io%20for%20UTM%20-%20?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletterutm_campaign=copilotlaunch]
about InfraCopilot. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHAT THE HECK IS HAPPENING AT UBER? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/what-the-heck-is-happening-at-uber] 

The recent Wall Street Journal profile of Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi,
which featured him driving for Uber and discovering flaws in the
product, has been criticized by analysts, investors and ex-employees.
They are concerned about the timing of the CEO's revelation, the level
of compensation he receives,S and the company's product management. 

JUNIOR TO SENIOR: AN ACTION PLAN FOR ENGINEERING CAREER SUCCESS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/guides/engineering-career-success] 

Making the jump from junior to senior can seem daunting and unclear.
This guide will help you to enhance your developer skills and take
your career to the next level. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW MIGRATING FROM VANILLA REDUX TO REDUX TOOLKIT IMPROVED STATE
MANAGEMENT IN SHOPIFY POS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://shopify.engineering/react-redux-toolkit-migration] 

A real world example of how a team at Shopify was able to migrate
their Redux stack. They considered tradeoffs for two approaches to
refactoring, gave code examples of how they decided to implement Redux
Thunks differently, and summarized learnings from the process. 

BUILDING A BLOG WITH NEXT.JS 13 AND REACT SERVER COMPONENTS (12 MINUTE
READ) [https://maxleiter.com/blog/build-a-blog-with-nextjs-13] 

Next.js 13 comes with support for their App Router (beta) and React
Server Components (RSCs). This tutorial is useful for learning how to
use the new App Router and RSCs in a real-world example of spinning up
a blog. It also provides a good starting point for your own
exploration and experimentation. 

USING COCKROACHDB TO REDUCE FEATURE STORE COSTS BY 75% (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://doordash.engineering/2023/03/21/using-cockroachdb-to-reduce-feature-store-costs-by-75/]


The Doordash team decided to test out new databases that would better
support their growing platform. They gave CockroachDB a try and the
results? A 75% decrease in cloud spend. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AT&T WIRELESS TRAFFIC SHAPING APPARENTLY MAKING SOME WEBSITES UNUSABLE
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://adriano.fyi/post/2023/2023-04-16-att-traffic-shaping-makes-websites-unusable/]


AT&T Wireless traffic intermittently was slowing down traffic to
certain websites and hosts. Various tests showed the effects of this
traffic slowdown but it was only after changing the Access Point Name
back to ‚Äúbroadband‚Äù from a phone that the throttling stopped. 

AN EXAMPLE OF LLM PROMPTING FOR PROGRAMMING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/2023-chatgpt-xu-hao.html] 

An example of using chain-of-thought and general knowledge prompting
with ChatGPT to write self-testing code. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WEBGPU FUNDAMENTALS (WEBSITE) [https://webgpufundamentals.org/] 

With the new addition of WebGPU in Chrome, there are new possibilities
for browser-based applications. This website goes through the
fundamentals of WebGPU. 

AN ON-RAMP TO FLOW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://census.dev/blog/an-on-ramp-to-flow] 

The ‚ÄúFlow‚Äù state - time where you can process large amounts of
information and ‚Äúget stuff done‚Äù - is very valuable for knowledge
workers like software engineers. This article gives tips on getting
into and staying in the ‚Äúflow‚Äù state. 

5 COMMON WEB DEVELOPMENT MISTAKES AND HOW TO AVOID THEM (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/5-common-web-development-mistakes-and-how-to-avoid-them]


Here are 5 common mistakes web developers make and how you can avoid
them and take your projects to the next level. 

MY JOURNEY IN UX DESIGN: THE PHILOSOPHY OF SELFLESS GIVING AND ITS
IMPACT ON PERSONAL GROWTH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/my-journey-in-ux-design-the-philosophy-of-selfless-giving-and-its-impact-on-personal-growth-1a5a920a5dab]


A personal experience that reinforces the power of sharing knowledge
with others. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1a4f3e70-dcf8-11ed-83a3-07ac0308e972&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681734619&t=1681735043&s=8048cd36f146868ec79eb3854bd734cb01d109d4f071d6b3ae70a4ce2d5031d7].


¬†