# Articles TLDR Web Dev 16-06-2023

GitHub surveyed 500 developers in the US for a sense of how they use
AI coding tools.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e2b48b9c-0c1c-11ee-aabd-5f4e77d7f6ac&pt=campaign&t=1686914340&s=8bf9358dcf3bf7a15c95c07e4cb9c2b633bf4e98eae0b6b75be962e7f084e18e]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-16

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

NETWORK PROTOCOLS RUN THE INTERNET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/network-protocols-run-the-internet]

Distributed systems send data over the network using various network
protocols. This article explains how common network protocols work,
where they are used in distributed systems, and how to troubleshoot
common problems. 

UNDERSTANDING REAL-TIME APPLICATION MONITORING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/expedia-group-tech/essential-application-monitoring-metrics-a08519ecab9d]

Application monitoring is the process of collecting data to track
availability, bugs, resource use, and changes to performance in
applications that affect the end user. Understanding the performance
of applications in real-time is critical for ensuring positive
experiences for users. In this article, Expedia explains how they
observe, monitor and improve the operational performance of their
applications through application monitoring tools. 

PROTECTING GRAPHQL APIS FROM MALICIOUS QUERIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-graphql-apis-from-malicious-queries/]

Cloudflare has developed a new feature to safeguard GraphQL APIs from
harmful queries that could lead to a denial of service. The protection
mechanism involves the use of a custom-built GraphQL query parser,
which provides detailed insights into requests and enables the
application of various security settings. This approach effectively
manages the unique challenges posed by the single endpoint and highly
flexible query structure of GraphQL APIs. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

SENIOR DEVELOPER MENTAL MODELS EVERY DEVELOPER SHOULD MASTER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://dev.to/dragosnedelcu/9-senior-developer-mental-models-every-programmer-should-master-1jlk]

Becoming a senior developer and a better engineer often comes through
not just experience, but also through evolving the way you think about
and approach problems. This article lays out 9 non-technical mental
models that help you think like a senior developer. 

REDDIT IS OPENAI‚ÄôS MOAT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cyberdemon.org/2023/06/14/reddit-moat.html]

The blog post presents a theory that Reddit's recent API changes are
driven by the interests of OpenAI, given the significant stake and
influence that OpenAI stakeholders have in Reddit. The author suggests
that Reddit's data is extremely valuable as training data for AI
models, and by restricting access to this data, OpenAI can create a
competitive advantage or moat. The post also speculates that Reddit's
future actions might include buying out more third-party clients or
extending the deadline for API changes. 

HOW TO COME BACK FROM BURNOUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/hb/how-to-come-back-from-burnout-j85]

Overcoming burnout is tough. It decreases productivity and affects
your mental health negatively. However, there are ways to come back
from burnout and put measures into place to make sure you don‚Äôt burn
out again. For example, taking regular breaks, having regular
self-check-ins, and following a well thought out plan are measures
that can help you tackle burnout as a developer. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

VERCEL AI SDK (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/vercel-labs/ai]

The Vercel AI SDK is an open-source library designed to help
developers build conversational, streaming, and chat user interfaces
in JavaScript and TypeScript. The SDK supports React/Next.js,
Svelte/SvelteKit, with support for Nuxt/Vue coming soon. It features
first-class support for LangChain and OpenAI, Anthropic, and
HuggingFace, Edge Runtime compatibility, and callbacks for saving
completed streaming responses to a database (in the same request). 

OPENOBSERVE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/openobserve/openobserve]

OpenObserve is a cloud-native observability platform built
specifically for logs, metrics, traces and analytics designed to work
at petabyte scale. It‚Äôs easy to get up and running in less than 2
minutes. 

SVELVET (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/open-source-labs/Svelvet]

Build interactive, node-based UIs and diagrams in Svelte. Svelvet is a
lightweight component library for building dynamic, customizable node
graphs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AN EXPLOSION IN SOFTWARE ENGINEERS USING AI CODING TOOLS? (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/an-explosion-in-software-engineers]

GitHub surveyed 500 developers in the US to get a sense of how they
use AI coding tools. Gergely Orosz of The Pragmatic Engineer examines
the results and adds context on how the survey was conducted. 92% of
developers in the survey said they use AI coding tools at work. The
top 3 areas where AI coding tools helped the most were in learning,
productivity, and focus. 

VISION PRO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ben-evans.com/benedictevans/2023/6/15/vision-pro]

Apple‚Äôs Vision Pro isn‚Äôt an iPhone moment, or at least, not
exactly. Rather, the Vision Pro actually looks a bit more like the
original Macintosh, which was over $7,000 (adjusted for inflation)
when it launched in 1984 and most people didn‚Äôt know why they needed
one. Apple has decided that the capabilities of the Vision Pro are the
minimum viable product - that it just isn‚Äôt worth making or selling
a device without a screen so good you can‚Äôt see the pixels,
pass-through where you can‚Äôt see any lag, perfect eye-tracking, and
perfect hand-tracking. However, this still doesn‚Äôt guarantee
success. This analysis breaks down Apple‚Äôs approach to the Vision
Pro, how it compares to Meta‚Äôs approach to VR, and how long it might
take for this battle to play out. 

WHAT REDDIT GOT WRONG (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2023/06/what-reddit-got-wrong]

Reddit is facing backlash from its community due to changes aimed at
increasing profitability, including a "premium access" pricing for API
users, which threatens third-party applications. In response,
thousands of moderators have blacked out over 8,000 subreddits in
solidarity with developers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

10 BEST AI CHROME EXTENSIONS FOR DEVELOPERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wearedevelopers.com/magazine/best-ai-chrome-extensions-for-developers]

AI Chrome Extensions can help you to tap into the extraordinary powers
of AI to streamline your coding journey. This article features ten
extensions that can help you leverage AI in your day to day work. 

THE MOST USED LANGUAGES ON THE INTERNET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://restofworld.org/2023/internet-most-used-languages/]

This article breaks down which languages are the most used on the
Internet. 

A FIRST LOOK AT THE IMPACT OF NETFLIX‚ÄôS PASSWORD SHARING CRACKDOWN
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.antenna.live/post/a-first-look-at-the-impact-of-netflixs-password-sharing-crackdown]

Since alerting subscribers in the United States that it would begin to
curb password sharing on May 23, 2023, Netflix has had the four single
largest days of U.S. user acquisition in the four and a half years
that Antenna has been measuring the streaming service. Based on the
most current data available, Netflix saw nearly 100,000 daily sign-ups
on both May 26 and May 27. 

BEFORE YOUR NEXT FRONTEND PULL REQUEST, USE THIS CHECKLIST (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/before-your-next-frontend-pull-request-use-this-checklist]

A checklist of 7 items to check for before merging your frontend PR.
It‚Äôs also a great checklist to add to your CI/CD tests for PRs in
your codebase. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e2b48b9c-0c1c-11ee-aabd-5f4e77d7f6ac&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686913221&t=1686914340&s=118f2ec46c281c6b37d183a3023abdc1dad799cfe7c3fa75878d54c4d17fd13b].