# Articles TLDR Web Dev 02-05-2023

Vercel now offers a suite of serverless storage solutions: Vercel KV,
Vercel Postgres, and Vercel Blob¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b0f55bca-e8c4-11ed-9805-370ed0239f54&pt=campaign&t=1683025664&s=15e497068f666ffa88fe9c4a51b142cf55260d382cac714d7b44961a0d4c8261]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-02

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

BUILDING GITHUB WITH RUBY AND RAILS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-04-06-building-github-with-ruby-and-rails/] 

GitHub.com has been a Ruby on Rails monolith since it‚Äôs creation.
Today, the application is nearly two million lines of code and more
than 1,000 engineers collaborate on it daily. A unique aspect of
GitHub‚Äôs Ruby on Rails infrastructure is that they update their
Rails systems every week and test Ruby continuously. 

REBUILDING VOX.COM‚ÄôS FEATURED NEWS SECTION WITH MODERN CSS (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://ishadeed.com/article/rebuild-featured-news-modern-css/] 

This is a tutorial for rebuilding the featured news section on Vox.com
using modern CSS. It analyzes the news section, builds the main
layout, and contains examples of creating a component library for
cards. The tutorial uses advanced CSS concepts, such as container
queries and text wrap balancing. 

WHAT IS A URL? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://azeemba.com/posts/what-is-a-url.html] 

A URL is made of different parts: the scheme, host, path, port, query,
and fragment. However, an issue with URLs is that it‚Äôs not clear
what is and isn‚Äôt allowed in each part of the URL. The article
continues to go over risks with URLs and how to protect software
systems from outside URLs. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

SOFTWARE ENGINEERING PROMOTIONS: INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF GETTING TO
THE NEXT LEVEL (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.alexhyett.com/p/software-engineering-promotions] 

There is a structured approach that you can take to increase your
chances of a promotion. Climbing up the career ladder as a software
developer is often easier than other professions, especially at the
lower levels. You don't have to wait for someone to leave to get
promoted, it's based on a combination of skill and experience. This
article goes over a variety of tips that can help you get promoted as
a software engineer. 

RULES OF THUMB FOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ESTIMATIONS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/project-estimates/] 

Software estimation is the bane of many developers‚Äô existence and
the scourge of project managers everywhere. But estimations serve a
crucial purpose in the realm of software development. Without them, no
software project would be green-lighted. There are some rules of thumb
for software estimations, such as communicating often, factoring in
uncertainty, and acknowledging that no two projects are the same.
While estimates can never be perfect, the article explains ways to
refine estimates to the benefit of the team and stakeholders. 

NO HUMAN CODERS IN 5 YEARS? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.diamandis.com/blog/no-programmers] 

There‚Äôs strong evidence that AI will surpass the ability of human
coders. However, rather than eliminate coders, the emergence of this
AI tech is more likely to turn any and all of us into coders.
Technology has always allowed individuals to do more, faster.
Researchers at Microsoft have found that software developers using AI
assistants completed tasks 55% faster than those not using AI
assistants. An MIT study showed that the top 5% of programmers
performed orders of magnitude better while partnering with AI. Now and
for the near future, the best coders are humans working with AIs. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

INTRODUCING VERCEL STORAGE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/vercel-storage] 

Vercel now offers a suite of serverless storage solutions: Vercel KV,
Vercel Postgres, and Vercel Blob. Vercel KV is a serverless Redis
solution that's easy and durable. Vercel Postgres is a serverless SQL
database built for the frontend. Vercel Blob is a solution to upload
and serve files at the edge. 

WHISPER.CPP V1.4 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp/releases/tag/v1.4.0] 

Whisper.cpp is a port of OpenAI's Whisper model (automatic speech
recognition) in C/C++, which allows Whisper to be run locally and
offline. The new 1.4 release adds integer quantization and partial GPU
(NVIDIA) support, leading to performance increases. 

CUBE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/cube-js/cube] 

Cube is the semantic layer for building data applications. It helps
data engineers and application developers access data from modern data
stores, organize it into consistent definitions, and deliver it to
every application. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

‚ÄòTHE GODFATHER OF AI‚Äô QUITS GOOGLE AND WARNS OF DANGER AHEAD (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nytimes.com/2023/05/01/technology/ai-google-chatbot-engineer-quits-hinton.html]


Geoffrey Hinton is an artificial intelligence pioneer, known for his
work on neural networks. He quit Google so he can freely speak out
about the risks of AI. A part of him, he said, now regrets his
life‚Äôs work. 

A MIRROR FOR RUST (32 MINUTE READ)
[https://soasis.org/posts/a-mirror-for-rust-a-plan-for-generic-compile-time-introspection-in-rust/]


Soasis.org features a plan for introducing generic compile-time
introspection in Rust, an increasingly popular programming language.
The author suggests a "Mirror" trait that would allow developers to
examine, at compile time, the structure of any type that implements
it. This could open new doors for creating powerful, type-safe
libraries, and bolster Rust's capabilities for metaprogramming. If
successfully implemented, this could be a game-changing feature for
Rust, enhancing its flexibility and power. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TWITTER COMPETITOR BLUESKY‚ÄôS FRONTEND WAS MOSTLY BUILT BY ONE
DEVELOPER USING REACT NATIVE (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/GergelyOrosz/status/1652679796818694146] 

BlueSky is a testament that choosing React Native (or another
cross-platform one like Flutter) is sensible for many startups over
starting native. BlueSky is on iOS and Android, and the client-side
app was built by mostly 1 engineer. 

CLI TRICKS EVERYBODY SHOULD KNOW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-04-26-cli-tricks-every-developer-should-know/]


GitHub's blog post provides valuable insights into command-line
interface (CLI) tricks that every developer should be familiar with.
The post highlights several tips, including how to navigate
directories efficiently, how to use command history and
autocompletion, and how to streamline workflows with aliases and
functions. It also discusses how to use various text manipulation
tools and how to control job execution. This article is a handy
resource for developers looking to improve their productivity and
efficiency when working with the command line. 

LOOKING FOR JOB PERKS? HOW ABOUT SAVING THE WORLD? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/04/27/looking-for-job-perks-how-about-saving-the-world/]


If you‚Äôre stuck in a job that lacks purpose, maybe now‚Äôs a good
time to start thinking about switching up your career to one with more
potential for good, such as getting into climate tech. The article
delves into what a career in climate tech looks like and what the
future holds for climate tech. 

10 KEY DATA STRUCTURES USED IN EVERYDAY SYSTEMS (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/alexxubyte/status/1653059711741349889?s=46] 

Alex Xu lays out 10 data structures and where they are used in
everyday systems. For example, a stack supports undo/redo functions in
word editors, graphs are used in social network algorithms, and a tree
is used for AI decision making. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b0f55bca-e8c4-11ed-9805-370ed0239f54&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683025220&t=1683025664&s=81c8450d409bd94c0e83a5f9c373998ca7b06feff59d3b5f14be2f719a2de712].


¬†