# Articles TLDR Web Dev 21-04-2023

WebGPT is an implementation of GPT inference in less than 2000 lines
of vanilla Javascript.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=40768982-e01d-11ed-ac8f-3d9dad3d499f&pt=campaign&t=1682075244&s=b2809bb819e58e85bd5d1a529082ae31d4f0c71e69d8d111036133d029c35520]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-21

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WEBGPT (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/0hq/WebGPT] 

This is a demo that uses WebGPU to run a GPT model on the browser.
It‚Äôs an implementation of GPT inference in less than 2000 lines of
vanilla Javascript. 

VITE 4.3 IS OUT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitejs.dev/blog/announcing-vite4-3.html] 

ViteJS 4.3 includes built-in support for Web Workers and a better
Rollup integration, making it easier for developers to build fast and
scalable web applications. 

SSDIFF (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/BuilderIO/SSDiff] 

SSDiff is a tool to automatically compare two websites visually
pixel-by-pixel. It can be a handy tool for screenshot testing
different versions of your website. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

3 RUNTIME VALIDATION LIBRARIES FOR TYPESCRIPT THAT ALL LOOK THE SAME
TO ME (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jacobparis.com/blog/typescript-runtime-validation] 

In full-stack applications, Typescript can give us type-safety from
the server-side to the client-side, but not from the client to the
server. As a result, client to server traffic needs to be type-checked
at runtime. The author goes over 3 libraries to do so and settles on
Zod as the best one. 

THE ONE PIECE OF ADVICE I'D GIVE TO ANYONE WHO IS STARTING OUT AS A
SOFTWARE ENGINEER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/dennisko762/the-one-piece-of-advice-id-give-to-anyone-who-is-starting-out-as-a-software-engineer-4pm5]


The author provides some advice on what to focus on learning for
software engineers starting out in their careers. The author also
talks about how he stays up to date on new technologies. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

COSTLY CSS PROPERTIES AND HOW TO OPTIMIZE THEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/leduc1901/costly-css-properties-and-how-to-optimize-them-3bmd]


There are some CSS properties that can be expensive in terms of
performance. Thankfully, there are ways to get around these
performance drags by optimizing said properties. 

SPINNING DIAGRAMS WITH CSS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://x.st/spinning-diagrams-with-css/] 

This is a tutorial on how to build animated, spinning diagrams on web
pages with just CSS. 

BUILDING AI-POWERED APPS IS WAY EASIER THAN YOU THINK (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/build-with-ai] 

A quick tutorial on using OpenAI API to build an AI shell that turns
human language into CLI commands. It also gives a code overview of how
to build GPT agents. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STACK OVERFLOW WILL CHARGE AI GIANTS FOR TRAINING DATA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/stack-overflow-will-charge-ai-giants-for-training-data/]


Stack Overflow plans to begin charging large AI developers as soon as
the middle of this year for access to the 50 million questions and
answers on its service. 

SOME CROSS-BROWSER DEVTOOLS FEATURES YOU MIGHT NOT KNOW (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://css-tricks.com/some-cross-browser-devtools-features-you-might-not-know/]


Did you know DevTools allows you to do performance profiling,
accessibility testing, and network throttling? This article discusses
these DevTools features and many more, featuring examples that will
show you how to use these tools to improve your web development
workflows. 

BE A FINISHER, NOT A STARTER (3 MINUTES)
[https://dariusforoux.com/finisher/] 

Many of us have no problem starting projects but we struggle to commit
and reach the finish line. There are small habits and mindset shifts
that can help you become a finisher. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INTRODUCING 'TRUSTED PUBLISHERS' - PYPI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pypi.org/posts/2023-04-20-introducing-trusted-publishers/]


PyPI package maintainers can now adopt a new, more secure publishing
method that does not require long-lived passwords or API tokens to be
shared with external systems. 

A LOOK BACK IN TIME: THE EVOLUTION OF TEST AUTOMATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/test-automation-evolution/] 

A look at how testing for web evolved, the high level and low level
approach to testing, and a comparison of two testing tools. 

HOW TO WORK WITH DATES AND TIMES IN VANILLA JAVASCRIPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://gomakethings.com/how-to-work-with-dates-and-times-in-vanilla-javascript/]


A quick and comprehensive guide to dates and times in JavaScript. 

THREE COMMON KUBERNETES CHALLENGES AND HOW TO SOLVE THEM (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/three-common-kubernetes-challenges-and-how-to-solve-them/]


An infra specialist highlights how to handle 3 common challenges of
working with Kubernetes: how to avoid the developer productivity
impact of waiting for new clusters to spin up, how to manage multiple
clusters, and how to scale adoption of Kubernetes on the edge. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=40768982-e01d-11ed-ac8f-3d9dad3d499f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682074817&t=1682075244&s=623a536588a798c8bdb9c9270abdd11d3d9668b275170d7f5a61cf0fd4201932].


¬†