# Articles TLDR Web Dev 05-09-2023

Google stores over 10 exabytes of data in an efficient manner¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=547eb1fa-4bae-11ee-843d-37cd75b395f5&pt=campaign&t=1693911829&s=8b6e656c44356d896e3b88c3c54371544581e42bd5cfd88762546251ecbe5977]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Tricentis]
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-05

FAST, CODELESS AUTHORING OF STABLE TESTS ON REAL AND VIRTUAL DEVICES
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]


If your mobile app is the interface to your company, adequate testing
can mean the difference between retaining or losing a customer.
Tricentis Testim Mobile
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]
is a test automation platform
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]
for customer-facing web and mobile applications ‚Äî combining
SaaS-based, AI-powered test automation with extensive real device
coverage for native mobile.

 	* ACCELERATE TESTING¬†of customer-facing applications.
 	* REDUCE THE TIME¬†to author, configure, and execute tests through
fast authoring test recording.
 	* INCREASE STABILITY¬†and reduce time spent debugging and
maintaining¬†tests through AI-powered locators that self-heal¬†and
automatically improve
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter].
 	* ENABLE THE ENTIRE TEAM¬†to develop and execute tests, regardless
of their technical background.
 	* ORGANIZE AND MANAGE¬†tests, teams, and projects more efficiently
using TestOps.

START FOR FREE HERE
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW GOOGLE STORES 10,000 PETABYTES OF DATA EFFICIENTLY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.devmoh.co/p/how-google-stores-10000-petabytes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Google stores over 10 exabytes of data in an efficient manner. This
includes data for YouTube, Google Drive, Gmail, Search, and other
services. It uses Google Colossus, its next-generation distributed
system for efficient storage. This article provides an
easy-to-comprehend explanation of how Google Colossus works and the
‚Äúmagic‚Äù that it performs behind the scenes to improve Google
developer productivity. 

HOW TO CHOOSE A DEPLOYMENT STRATEGY FOR YOUR NEXT.JS APPLICATION (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/deployment-strategies-for-nextjs-apps/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


With the addition of server components to Next.js, there are multiple
factors to consider when deploying a Next.js application. This article
goes through various strategies to deploy a Next.js application. These
include static hosting, serverless functions, containerization, and
edge-side rendering. It also goes through best practices for handling
environment variables safely, such as using different environment
files during local development. 

TO TEST OR NOT TO TEST, A TECHNICAL PERSPECTIVE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/ta-what-to-test/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

This article delves into the creation of test cases from a technical
perspective, detailing what should be included in each test and what
to avoid. It answers the age-old question of what to test vs. what not
to test. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

LOOKS GOOD TO ME: WHEN CODE REVIEWS GO AWRY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://thecodist.com/looks-good-to-me-when-code-reviews-go-awry/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Code reviews are thought to be a requirement for high quality code,
but they aren‚Äôt always enough. This article talks about the
downsides of code reviews and how they can lead teams into disaster if
not implemented properly. This is because everyone assumes each piece
of code has been reviewed and lessons learned, yet nothing of the sort
has happened. The article uses a couple of real-world examples to show
how not to leave ‚ÄúLGTMs‚Äù and how to do code reviews correctly. 

YOU DON'T NEED TO LEARN SVELTE ‚Äì HERE'S WHY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kaviisuri.com/you-dont-need-to-learn-svelte?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


You don‚Äôt need to ‚Äúlearn‚Äù Svelte because it‚Äôs already
intuitive to most web developers. Since the syntax is so similar to
pure JavaScript, the learning curve is lower and the resulting code is
less verbose compared to other frontend frameworks. 

PEOPLE SHARE WHAT THEY CONSIDER RED FLAGS DURING A JOB INTERVIEW (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://twistedsifter.com/2023/09/people-share-what-they-consider-red-flags-during-a-job-interview/]


Job searching is notoriously difficult but in recent years, employees
have become more willing to walk away from companies that clearly
don‚Äôt have their best interests at heart. So if you‚Äôre in the
process of interviewing, here are some red flags you should definitely
look out for. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

REMOVE THE QA BOTTLENECK (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]


Reduce your QA cycle to 3 minutes. QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets you to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in 4 months. Plus,
they provide unlimited parallel test runs on their Kubernetes
infrastructure and 24-hour test maintenance at no additional cost.
1Ô∏è‚É£¬†QA¬†Wolf¬†builds your test suite in open-source Playwright.
You own the tests
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

2Ô∏è‚É£ The tests run on their parallel testing infra. You get
unlimited test runs
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

3Ô∏è‚É£¬†QA¬†Wolf¬†triages + maintains all tests for you.
Human-verified bugs are sent directly to Jira, Linear, etc.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

Trusted by companies like Cohere, Gumroad, and Napster. Get a quick
demo üê∫
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=RemoveTheQABottleneck05092023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

DUB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/steven-tey/dub?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Dub is an open-source link management tool for modern marketing teams
to create, share, and track short links. It‚Äôs built with Vercel Edge
Functions, Upstash Redis, and PlanetScale MySQL. 

TEXTBASE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cofactoryai/textbase?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Textbase is a framework for building chatbots using NLP and ML. It‚Äôs
a Python package that is easily deployable to the web. Textbase is
compatible with any model. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW APPLE GOT CREATORS TO TAKE A RISK ON VISION PRO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/apple-vision-pro-developers-interview/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The number of Vision Pro SDK downloads has exceeded Apple‚Äôs
expectations. WWDC was key to getting developers on board because not
only could Apple demonstrate the types of apps that were possible on
Vision Pro to an audience full of devs, but it could then immediately
allow them to get hands-on with the device at its dedicated events
throughout the following week. While the headsets are niche,
developers are excited to get their hands on new tech. 

THE IMPORTANCE OF USER EXPERIENCE IN SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://prolificmanager.com/user-experience-software-development-projects/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


When it comes to software development projects, you need to take time
and effort to ensure your product has a good user experience. This
article discusses what user experience is and why it‚Äôs important in
software development projects. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

UNDERSTANDING DYNAMIC PROGRAMMING SO YOU CAN USE IT EFFECTIVELY (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/understanding-dynamic-programming-so-you-can-use-it-effectively?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A comprehensive tutorial on using dynamic programming. 

TEACHING WITH AI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/teaching-with-ai?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

OpenAI has released a guide on how teachers can use AI to teach. It
talks about prompt suggestions, an explanation of how ChatGPT works
and its limitations, and AI bias. 

STOP CONDITIONAL RENDERING IN REACT WITHOUT KNOWING THIS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://dev.to/ubahthebuilder/stop-conditional-rendering-in-react-without-knowing-this-and-ternary-operator-388?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A quick primer on when to use && and the ternary operator in React. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=547eb1fa-4bae-11ee-843d-37cd75b395f5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693911630&t=1693911829&s=6e3655575a19d205ccf14f674037b32ad57a99db5bb082ec403bdbf9cd753f8d].