# Articles TLDR Web Dev 24-04-2023

Google‚Äôs Bard now has the ability to help people with programming
and software development tasks¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a702f836-e278-11ed-ac8f-0b65c63a7ac7&pt=campaign&t=1682334466&s=a0ec0bb0808ab43b022e8f11d561e62bc978897aea4844c50f5873cc563c24fe]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-24

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

GOOGLE BARD NOW HELPS YOU CODE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/technology/ai/code-with-bard/] 

Google‚Äôs Bard now has the ability to help people with programming
and software development tasks, including code generation, code
debugging, and explanation. 

HIGHLIGHT (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/highlight/highlight]


Highlight.io is an open source, full-stack monitoring platform. It
features error monitoring, session replay, logging, and more. 

ALRIGHT REACT APP (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/DoneDeal0/alright-react-app] 

Alright React App is a professional React app generator. It comes with
an exposed, unopinionated, high performance configuration, supporting
Jest, SWC, Storybook, Typescript 5, Webpack 5. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

CAREER ADVICE NO ONE GAVE ME: GIVE A LOT OF NOTICE WHEN YOU QUIT (7
MINUTE READ) [https://davidlaprade.github.io/give-a-lot-of-notice] 

This blog post suggests giving a lot of notice when you quit, given
you are a crucial part of the team and have performed well in your
role. The author presents various upsides and positives to giving more
than the two week notice when you quit. 

UBER‚ÄôS ENGINEERING LEVEL CHANGES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/uber-engineering-levels/amp/] 

This article recaps the changes made in Uber's engineering levels,
which initially happened in March 2022. Titles and expectations were
updated. The author also goes over how these level changes affect Uber
alumni. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

SCALING DATABASES AT ACTIVISION (PDF)
[https://static.sched.com/hosted_files/kccnceu2023/3d/KubeCon-2023-Scaling-Databases-Activision.pdf]


Activision presents both methods and challenges to scaling databases
for their games, which have hundreds of millions of users. 

TYPESCRIPT DECORATORS: A COMPLETE GUIDE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://deadsimplechat.com/blog/typescript-decorators-a-complete-guide/]


With TypeScript decorators, you can apply re-useable behaviors to
classes, methods, properties. Decorators are inspired by decorators in
other languages like Java and Python. This article provides a complete
overview and guide to using decorators in TypeScript. 

UNDERSTANDING DATABASE TYPES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/understanding-database-types] 

When it comes to creating a software application, choosing the right
databases can be a critical decision. This article delves into the
different types of databases like SQL, NoSQL, and Time Series.
There‚Äôs also a very handy cheat sheet comparing the three across
features. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE WILL LAUNCH A JOURNALING APP IN IOS 17, BUT THAT‚ÄôS BAD NEWS
FOR SOME DEVS | ARS TECHNICA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/04/apple-plans-mental-health-focused-journaling-app-for-ios-17/]


Apple plans to unveil a personal journaling app at the Worldwide
Developers Conference in June. The app will be pre-installed on all
iPhones that run iOS 17, and it will deeply integrate with location
services, contacts, and more on the user's phone. It will have access
to phone data that other apps do not as it will be able to look at
data stored locally on your phone to determine what a typical day
looks like, with access to your contacts, your location, workouts, and
more. 

GITHUB COPILOT EMITS GPL. CODEIUM DOES NOT. (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://codeium.com/blog/copilot-trains-on-gpl-codeium-does-not] 

GitHub Copilot trains on GPL code and its nonpermissive filters
don‚Äôt actually work according to Codeium, while Codeium has removed
GPL licensed code from their training data. The article lays out some
drawbacks and dangers of using GitHub Copilot in an enterprise
setting. 

THE EARN IT BILL IS BACK, SEEKING TO SCAN OUR MESSAGES AND PHOTOS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2023/04/earn-it-bill-back-again-seeking-scan-our-messages-and-photos]


The EARN IT act is a law that could lead to suspicionless scans of
every online message, photo, and hosted file. The EARN IT Act creates
an unelected government commission, stacks it with law enforcement
personnel, and then tasks it with creating ‚Äúbest practices‚Äù for
running an internet website or app. The act then removes nearly
30-year-old legal protections for users and website owners, allowing
state legislatures to encourage civil lawsuits and prosecutions
against those who don‚Äôt follow the government‚Äôs ‚Äúbest
practices.‚Äù 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE WEIRD WORLD OF WINDOWS FILE PATHS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fileside.app/blog/2023-03-17_windows-file-paths] 

File system paths on Windows differ in many ways from UNIX file paths,
like on MacOS. This article goes over the differences and quirks of
Windows file paths. 

LOST AT SQL: THE SQL LEARNING GAME (WEBSITE)
[https://lost-at-sql.therobinlord.com/] 

Lost at SQL is a game that helps you learn or refresh your SQL skills.


THE ‚ÄúBUILD YOUR OWN DATABASE‚Äù BOOK IS FINISHED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://build-your-own.org/blog/20230420_byodb_done/?v=20230420] 

This book teaches developers important topics about databases by
guiding the implementation of a basic database. Part 1 is available
for free online, with a guided implementation of a key-value store.
Part 2 implements a mini database and query language, which is the
part that has just been recently completed. 

CAN RUST BEAT JAVASCRIPT IN 2023? (6 MIN READ)
[https://joshuamo876.bearblog.dev/can-rust-beat-javascript-in-2023/] 

This blog post examines whether Rust can surpass JavaScript in
popularity and usage in 2023, discussing Rust's advantages in terms of
performance, safety, and concurrency, while acknowledging JavaScript's
dominance in web development and its extensive ecosystem. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a702f836-e278-11ed-ac8f-0b65c63a7ac7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682334019&t=1682334466&s=2ca3a47b0425975d42786d5a818c06871e368d7cadfe84a8627da141018550e6].


¬†