# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-07-2023

Dan Abramov, the co-creator of Redux and Create React App, is leaving
the React team.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1a0f2c68-2c5d-11ee-b8ab-df6d19913aca&pt=campaign&t=1690455830&s=4da8ba9d651a2f4fa4f8ef7419b59a2524f2c67bafe30814b618271e54fa9136]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH¬†[DoiT]
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-27

WHAT IF YOU HAD A DIRECT LINE TO 150+ SENIOR CLOUD ARCHITECTS?
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july]

Even the best dev teams need a helping hand.
DoiT
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july]
provides technology and cloud expertise to reduce cloud costs and
boost engineering productivity. Whether you need to REARCHITECT your
app, BUILD a new data pipeline, or TRAIN your team on the latest cloud
tech, DoiT can help you get there.

Working with DoiT means having a global team of 150+ committed cloud
experts
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july]
- all on call for you. DoiT‚Äôs senior engineers collectively have
hundreds of certifications and decades of experience in cloud
architecture, Kubernetes, machine learning and much more, across all
public cloud providers.

Explore DoiT‚Äôs cloud services and products
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july]
or learn more about their approach for continuous cloud innovation
[https://www.doit.com/?utm_campaign=Global-Consultancy-Evergreen&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=july].

üßë‚Äçüíª

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

LEVERAGING REAL-TIME USER ACTIONS TO PERSONALIZE ETSY ADS (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.etsy.com/codeascraft/leveraging-real-time-user-actions-to-personalize-etsy-ads?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Etsy has introduced a novel approach to personalizing Machine Learning
models through a deep learning module called the adSformer
Diversifiable Personalization Module (ADPM). The ADPM uses short-term
sequences of user actions to optimize the shopping experience and make
sponsored listings more relevant. The implementation of this module
has significantly improved the performance of Etsy's Clickthrough Rate
and Post-Click Conversion Rate prediction models.

HOW TO OPTIMIZE NEXT.JS FOR PRODUCTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.codemotion.com/magazine/frontend/optimize-next-js-for-production/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Next.js and its built-in features, server-side rendering capabilities,
and seamless integration with React have made it a top 3 solution
among developers. At the same time, tuning a Next.js production
application requires some work to achieve high-level performance,
short loading times, and an excellent user experience. In this guide,
you will dig into the essential strategies and best practices to
deploy Next.js to production!

üß†

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW PLATFORM TEAMS GET STUFF DONE (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/platform-teams-stuff-done.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This blog discusses the different collaboration patterns platform
teams can use with their customer teams. The author emphasizes the
importance of a platform team's adaptability to the maturity of each
team and the phase of their platform adoption. The article also
highlights the need for platform teams to evolve from a high-touch,
collaborative mode to a more scalable, self-service approach as the
platform matures and adoption grows.

MINDSET REFACTOR: EVOLVING FOR DEVELOPER SUCCESS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/mindset-refactor-evolving-for-developer-success/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Embracing a beginner‚Äôs mindset can do wonders for developers as they
navigate and build new tools. This article explores how teams can
apply this kind of thinking and reap the benefits.

BUILDING A CULTURE OF EXPERIMENTATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/building-a-culture-of-experimentation/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Most tech companies love the idea of rapid-fire experimentation.
However, experimentation isn‚Äôt for the faint at heart. If you‚Äôre
looking for a fundamental breakthrough and if you want to create
something drastically better, then creating a culture of
experimentation is essential. This article will help you do that.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CONTINUE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/continuedev/continue?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Continue is the open-source autopilot for software development‚Äîa VS
Code extension that brings the power of ChatGPT to your IDE.

WAVESURFER.JS (WEBSITE)
[https://wavesurfer-js.org/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Wavesurfer.js is an open-source audio visualization library for
creating interactive, customizable waveforms.

CHIDORI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ThousandBirdsInc/chidori?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Chidori is a reactive runtime for building AI agents. It provides a
framework for building AI agents that are reactive, observable, and
robust. It supports building agents with Node.js, Python, and Rust.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

OUR OPPENHEIMER MOMENT: THE CREATION OF A.I. WEAPONS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.vn/KSOv4?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article by Alexander C. Karp, CEO of Palantir Technologies,
discusses the ethical and practical implications of developing
advanced AI technologies, particularly in the context of military
applications. Karp compares the current state of AI development to the
creation of nuclear weapons, emphasizing the need for a balance
between technological advancement and ethical considerations. He
argues against halting the development of AI, stating that such a move
could leave democratic societies vulnerable, and instead advocates for
the construction of technical and regulatory frameworks to manage AI's
integration with critical systems.

WHAT ARE SOLID DESIGN PRINCIPLES? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/ggorantala/what-are-solid-design-principles-1n22?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

SOLID is an acronym for the first five Object-Oriented design
principles by Robert C. Martin. SOLID principles are intended to make
the software more understandable, flexible, scalable, and
maintainable. This article explains them in depth and discusses the
advantages and drawbacks of implementing them.

BREAKING SUPERCONDUCTOR NEWS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.science.org/content/blog-post/breaking-superconductor-news?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There has been a breakthrough in creating room-temperature
superconductors. If the claim is verified, this will change the world.
Superconductors transmit electricity without resistance and have a
series of magnetic properties that make them invaluable in
technological applications. Superconductors usually need to be cooled
down to very low temperatures. A superconductor capable of working
outside the lab in regular conditions would be revolutionary.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

DAN ABRAMOV RESIGNS FROM META (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/dan_abramov/status/1682029195843739649?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Dan Abramov, the co-creator of Redux and Create React App, is leaving
the React team.

THE REGULAR EXPRESSIONS BOOK (81 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/regular-expressions-for-javascript-developers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

If you want to master regular expressions and understand how they work
in JavaScript, this book's for you.

IT DOESN‚ÄôT TAKE MUCH PUBLIC CREATIVITY TO STAND OUT AS A JOB
CANDIDATE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://simonwillison.net/2021/Jul/17/standing-out/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The creator of Django, a popular Python web framework, gives advice on
how to stand out as a job candidate past just your resume.

SO, YOU DON‚ÄôT LIKE A WEB PLATFORM PROPOSAL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.yoav.ws/posts/web_platform_change_you_do_not_like/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article gives constructive feedback and actionable items on what
to do next in response to Google‚Äôs new Web Integrity API proposal.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1a0f2c68-2c5d-11ee-b8ab-df6d19913aca&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690455618&t=1690455830&s=089ff192a3469e10ad73f69111b991dcb4d4d545f253388b5dc73a2296d01d02].