# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-10-2023

Node.js 21 has been released¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d9e33440-6d89-11ee-b0f4-5b7d21971908&pt=campaign&t=1697627018&s=0c86c1c3e24b1f8c78fbea44452970cbb4d5a8b29be79a3585e05b4f483fd42d]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-18

 IMPROVE API COLLABORATION WITH POSTMAN WORKSPACES (SPONSOR)
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]


 If you‚Äôre developing APIs with internal or partner teams, you
should be using Postman workspaces
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]!
Workspaces are collaboration hubs that give teams shared access to the
tools they need to solve problems together. By acting as a single
source of truth for all API-related work
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary],
workspaces enable teams to build shared context while meeting
organization-wide standards for API quality.

Conversations in workspaces happen directly alongside the relevant API
artifacts
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary],
which reduces context switching and streamlines the collaboration
process.

Workspaces also update in real-time and record every change in version
history
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary],
empowering teams to move quickly while ensuring that everyone stays on
the same page.

Learn more about workspaces
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-18-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 MAKING CRDTS 98% MORE EFFICIENT (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakelazaroff.com/words/making-crdts-98-percent-more-efficient/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Conflict-free Replicated Data Types (CRDTs) are used in collaborative
software like chat apps and text editors because they help simplify
distributed data storage systems and multi-user applications. This
article describes how to make CRDTs 98% more efficient in a
collaborative pixel art editor. It explores using hex codes instead of
RGB tuples for colors, creating a UUID table, implementing a palette
table for colors, and employing run-length encoding for pixel
coordinates. The final step involves binary encoding to further reduce
data size and achieve an 80% decrease. 

 ADDRESSING THE CHALLENGES OF SAMPLE RATIO MISMATCH IN A/B TESTING (19
MINUTE READ)
[https://doordash.engineering/2023/10/17/addressing-the-challenges-of-sample-ratio-mismatch-in-a-b-testing/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A key challenge in high-quality experimentation is Sampling Rate
Mismatch (SRM), where uneven group splits can skew results. For
instance, a 49.5/59.5 split in an experiment led to a 2% revenue
impact due to employee inclusion. Detecting SRM is easy, but
diagnosing and fixing it is complex. SRM can result from data quality,
configuration, or filtering issues. 

 AN INTRO TO REAL-TIME MACHINE LEARNING (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonysun9.github.io/blog/2023/intro-rtml/] 

 Real-time machine learning uses machine learning models to make
real-time predictions. Most companies use machine learning models in
some way or another for a variety of reasons. This article covers
real-time prediction in depth, including how feature stores work, how
real-time prediction works, how to decide what features to query for,
and how to populate the feature store. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 INTERVIEWS IN THE AGE OF AI: DITCH LEETCODE - TRY CODE REVIEWS
INSTEAD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://chrlschn.dev/blog/2023/07/interviews-age-of-ai-ditch-leetcode-try-code-reviews-instead/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Leetcode-style coding exercises may not be the best evaluation
mechanism for hiring in tech. Code reviews may be a better way to
evaluate software engineering candidates since they are a better
reflection of real-world activities, collaboration, and subjectivity. 

 I AM HAPPY NOT TO BE A WEB DEVELOPER ANYMORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thecodist.com/i-am-happy-not-to-be-a-web-developer-anymore/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The author of this article, a web developer, is exiting the field of
web development due to its increasing complexity and constant changes.
Programming was much more simple in the past without the current
abundance of tools. It is challenging to select and stay updated on
web frameworks, manage security concerns, and navigate the intricacies
of open-source frameworks. AI could potentially address these
challenges in the future. 

 ASK HN: HOW DO YOU GET OUT OF A RUT? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37904101] 

 A software developer with over twelve years of experience posts that
they are in the worst creative and motivational rut they have ever
been in. They ask for advice on Hacker News and commenters deliver
their suggestions, such as changing jobs, getting off the computer for
a while, and working on one‚Äôs self-esteem. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 AUTOMATED END-TO-END TEST COVERAGE FOR YOUR ENTIRE WEB APP (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=AutomatedEndToEnd10182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]


 No more manual e2e testing. No more slow QA cycles. No more bugs
reaching production. QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=AutomatedEndToEnd10182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
is a tech-enabled service that gets you full test coverage without the
burden of building, running, and maintaining it yourself. Their pitch:


 	* 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4 months
 	* Automated test suite built for you in Playwright + you own the
code
 	* Unlimited parallel test runs on their infrastructure
 	* 24/5 maintenance and triage
 	* Human-verified bug reports sent directly to your team
 	* Multiple case studies of customers saving $200k+ on QA and
engineering costs

Schedule a demo to learn more.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=AutomatedEndToEnd10182023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

 NODE.JS 21 IS NOW LIVE! (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://openjsf.org/announcement/2023/10/17/node-js-21-available-now/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Node.js 21 has been released. It features an updated V8 JavaScript
engine and Stable Webstreams, an experimental flag allowing switching
between CommonJS modules and ECMAScript modules. The release also
updated the test runner, providing users with the ability to execute
functional tests and export the results. 

 OMNIGRES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/omnigres/omnigres?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Omnigres transforms Postgres into a developer-focused application
platform, allowing you to deploy a single database instance to host
your entire application and scale as necessary. It offers features
like running application logic within or alongside the database,
provisioning deployment through Git or containers, supporting various
protocols like HTTP and WebSocket, caching, live data updates, and
more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 IMPROVE READABILITY WITH POSITIVE BOOLEANS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://testing.googleblog.com/2023/10/improve-readability-with-positive.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A small trick to make code easier to read is to make boolean checks
based on positive conditions rather than negative ones. There are two
ways to do this. The first is to name your flags and variables to
reflect the positive condition you intend to check. The second is if
your conditional statement follows the pattern "if not... else...,"
reverse it to prioritize the positive case. 

 IS AI ENOUGH TO INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/10/16/is-ai-enough-to-increase-your-productivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Code generation tools can‚Äôt be blindly trusted. Instead, developers
should use them cautiously and make sure to take into account legal
issues regarding code ownership and licensing. For organizations, real
productivity improvements come from a holistic approach to using AI.
AI should be used to automate processes, share knowledge across teams,
and focus on improving software development processes. 

 PDF CHAT WITH NODE.JS, OPENAI, AND MODELFUSION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://modelfusion.dev/blog/pdf-chat-nodejs?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 This tutorial teaches readers how to create a Node.js console app for
searching and comprehending PDF content to answer questions using
Node.js, OpenAI, and ModelFusion. The process involves loading and
parsing PDFs, indexing the text for efficient retrieval, and
implementing a chat loop for user interactions. The chatbot first
generates hypothetical answers and then retrieves relevant text chunks
from the PDF as evidence. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 GOOGLE SYSTEMS INNOVATIONS AT OCP GLOBAL SUMMIT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://cloud.google.com/blog/topics/systems/google-systems-innovations-at-ocp-global-summit?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Google is emphasizing open innovation and the importance of
collaboration in response to the rise of AI, highlighting efforts to
enhance sustainability, security, and scalability. 

 THE INNER-PLATFORM EFFECT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/the-inner-platform-effect?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The inner-platform effect refers to the common tendency to
over-customize internal deployment platforms and create unnecessary
abstractions. 

 QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE TO DESIGN PATTERNS IN JS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.carlosrojas.dev/quick-reference-guide-to-design-patterns-in-js-1ebeb1e1c605?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 21 JavaScript design patterns grouped and explained with graphics. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d9e33440-6d89-11ee-b0f4-5b7d21971908&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697626830&t=1697627018&s=a72deaa94e35380afc44f1cedface670fd569d012867f1cb5f1edab7b1f020e8].