# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-09-2023

Facebook receives billions of requests per second and stores trillions
of items in its databases¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=eb13b4a0-5b83-11ee-8e4a-63f2ab05e1a2&pt=campaign&t=1695639844&s=9f6c29cb047026e59225247c65999a6365fdd78ed9b2407574dc14ca61468da0]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Nylas]
[https://info.nylas.com/nylas-101-on-demand-replay.html?utm_source=&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-nylas-101-replay]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-25

DON‚ÄôT BUILD EMBEDDED EMAIL AND SCHEDULING FROM SCRATCH (SPONSOR)
[https://info.nylas.com/nylas-101-on-demand-replay.html?utm_source=&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-nylas-101-replay]

You wouldn't build a payment system or identity management from
scratch. There‚Äôs an API for that!
So why are you trying to build email, calendar, and contact management
capabilities
[https://info.nylas.com/nylas-101-on-demand-replay.html?utm_source=&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-nylas-101-replay]
on your own?

Launch critical features way ahead of schedule with Nylas
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-DSU].
Leverage SDKs, CLI, and ready-to-go templates to spend less time
reinventing the wheel ‚Äî and more time on the parts of your app that
deliver UNIQUE value.

Upwork, Crunchbase, and Wix have already chosen Nylas. What‚Äôs
stopping you?

Start building for FREE
[https://dashboard.nylas.com/register?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-DSU]
or bookmark the 30-minute technical demo
[https://info.nylas.com/nylas-101-on-demand-replay.html?utm_source=&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-09-25-issue-nylas-101-replay].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW FACEBOOK HANDLED BILLIONS OF REQUESTS PER SECOND EFFICIENTLY (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-facebook-scaled-memcached?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Facebook receives billions of requests per second and stores trillions
of items in its databases. Traditional web architectures couldn‚Äôt
keep up with its demands, so the team used a simple key-value store
called Memcached. The team scaled Facebook efficiently to become the
largest Memcached installation in the world. This article describes
how Facebook scaled Memcached across servers, clusters, and regions
worldwide in a simple manner. 

CSS FINDINGS FROM THE THREADS APP: PART 2 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ishadeed.com/article/threads-app-css-part-2/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article features a few interesting practices that are often not
seen in CSS guides. For example, an animation of navigation items
expanding could be done by animating each item individually instead of
animating the gap or padding, which is much cleaner but could be less
performant. The article‚Äôs approach to analyzing CSS by adding
outlines to all elements can be applied to analyzing the CSS of any
site. The article analyzes the CSS choices Threads made. 

MAKING SENSE OF REACT SERVER COMPONENTS (39 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/react/server-components/]

A couple of months ago, the React team unveiled React Server
Components, its latest paradigm shift. Now, React components can run
exclusively on the server. This article aims to demystify React Server
Components and make them easier to understand. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

INFLUENCE: LESSONS FROM A STAFF ENGINEER AND EX-TWITTER 8-YEAR TECH
LEAD (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/influence-lessons-from-a-staff-engineer?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This interview with a staff engineer who has worked at companies like
Twitter uncovers some helpful advice gained on his path to getting to
his current position. Staff engineers consistently improve core
infrastructure and deliver fantastic products. They also are able to
manage effectively and are able to influence without authority. 

BUN: LESSONS FROM DISRUPTING A TECH ECOSYSTEM (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/bun-lessons-from-disrupting/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bun is a backend JavaScript runtime with a focus on performance. It
provides an up to 10x performance increase in package building or
handling inbound server requests. Bun achieves this performance peak
by using a more performant tech, making performance-centric
optimizations, and making some trade offs to prefer performance over
ease of use. Bun also reveals the contrast between a venture-funded
open source system vs community-contributed open source - Node‚Äôs
contributors are unpaid, while Bun has raised more than $7M. 

CHOOSE POSTGRES QUEUE TECHNOLOGY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://adriano.fyi/posts/2023-09-24-choose-postgres-queue-technology/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Postgres queue tech consists of two parts: the publish/subscribe
pattern and row locks. It‚Äôs useful for background jobs, but many
don‚Äôt use it because they are worried about its scalability. This
article shows that Postgres queue tech is scalable and also provides
extra features that current replacements might not. Most notably,
Redis is the main message broker for background job libraries. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

RECOVERPY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/PabloLec/RecoverPy?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

RecoverPy is a powerful tool that leverages system capabilities to
recover lost files. It can recover both deleted files and overwritten
data. 

UDSV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/leeoniya/uDSV?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

uDSV is a fast JS library for parsing well-formed CSV strings, either
from memory or incrementally from disk or network. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

UNITY APOLOGIZES TO DEVS, REVEALS UPDATED RUNTIME FEE POLICY (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.gamedeveloper.com/business/unity-apologizes-to-devs-reveals-updated-runtime-fee-policy?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Unity recently introduced a Runtime Fee for which they instantly
received tons of backlash from game developers. The company apologized
publicly soon after and revealed massive changes to the policy as a
response. The Unity Runtime Fee will no longer apply to games built on
Unity Personal. Developers on said plan will also be able to now earn
up to $200,000 in revenue. They will also no longer be required to use
the "Made with Unity" splash screen. 

ARE PERFORMANCE REVIEWS USEFUL? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90955827/are-performance-reviews-useful?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Most of us are used to the annual cadence of performance reviews. It
can be a good chance to get aligned with your manager about your
priorities. However, frequent and relevant feedback could be a better
solution. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PASSKEYS ARE NOW GENERALLY AVAILABLE ON GITHUB (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-09-21-passkeys-are-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

All GitHub users can now register a passkey to sign in without a
password. 

GOOGLE, APPLE, AND VALVE GAME REVENUES REVEALED IN XBOX LEAKS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tweaktown.com/news/93422/google-apple-and-valve-game-revenues-revealed-in-xbox-leaks/index.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Microsoft revealed how much gaming revenue the top 10 biggest
companies make, including Google, Apple, and even estimates for
Valve's Steam platform. The top three are Tencent, Sony, and Google. 

EVERY PROGRAMMER SHOULD KNOW #1: IDEMPOTENCY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.berkansasmaz.com/every-programmer-should-know-idempotency/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Idempotency refers to the property of an operation or function that
produces the same result when applied multiple times as it does when
applied only once. 

REDISCOVERING THE JOY OF DESIGN (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/rediscovering-joy-happiness-design/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article takes a philosophical approach to design by placing
importance on mindfulness and introspection. Using examples from books
and philosophers, the author provides advice on rediscovering joy in
design. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=eb13b4a0-5b83-11ee-8e4a-63f2ab05e1a2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695639619&t=1695639844&s=7404294606de8f852a4ec44445e5cf5dfc9ad6b4dc4020c060f359f3c280fc42].