# Articles TLDR Web Dev 08-05-2023

GitHub is building Copilot for CLI, which gives natural language
assistance right in the terminal.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f39587a6-ed70-11ed-8ea5-5bedc2e55591&pt=campaign&t=1683544134&s=2d448a080118b1dd3cc77fe4e0335b50fcde8a8ab9bd63f63819fad3b86f4142]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-08

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHAT IS A VECTOR DATABASE? (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pinecone.io/learn/vector-database/] 

Many AI applications that involve large language models or generative
AI rely on vector embeddings, a type of data representation that
carries within it semantic information that‚Äôs critical for the AI to
gain understanding and maintain a long-term memory they can draw upon
when executing complex tasks. Vector databases offer optimized storage
and querying capabilities for embeddings. They have the capabilities
of a traditional database that are absent in standalone vector indexes
and the specialization of dealing with vector embeddings, which
traditional scalar-based databases lack. 

HOW TO WRITE TYPE-SAFE CSS MODULES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/write-type-safe-css-modules/] 

CSS Modules helps you write modular and scoped CSS styles using CSS.
At build time, CSS Modules generate unique class names to link with
JavaScript. However, since class names are generated at runtime and
change between builds, it‚Äôs hard to use them in a type-safe way.
This blog explains the problem and solution in detail. 

NETFLIX: MIGRATING CRITICAL TRAFFIC AT SCALE WITH NO DOWNTIME (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://netflixtechblog.com/migrating-critical-traffic-at-scale-with-no-downtime-part-1-ba1c7a1c7835?source=rss----2615bd06b42e---4]


System migrations at the scale of Netflix can be very tricky - they
need to seamlessly transition the traffic to the upgraded architecture
without adding any delay or interruptions to streaming for hundreds of
millions of customers. This blog examines the tools and strategies
Netflix has utilized to achieve this goal by using a technique called
replay traffic testing. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

IS CRITICAL THINKING THE MOST IMPORTANT SKILL FOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERS?
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/critical-thinking/] 

‚ÄúTech jargon‚Äù and ‚Äúthought leaders‚Äù are recent phenomenons in
engineering circles. This article debunks the credibility of these
thought leaders and people who use excessive tech jargon. Instead, use
your critical thinking muscles to challenge both of them. It‚Äôs an
especially important skill as AI generated content becomes more
prevalent. The article also gives some tips on how you can improve
your critical thinking skills through small daily behavior changes. 

STOP USING HAMBURGER MENUS (1 MINUTE READ) [https://bt.ht/hamburgers/]


The author of this opinion piece argues that the biggest headache when
coming across hamburger menus on the web is the complete disregard for
accessibility. Performance and solid user experience is almost always
thrown out the window in favor of a seemingly prettier design layout. 

YOU DON'T NEED SCRUM. YOU JUST NEED TO DO KANBAN RIGHT. (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://lucasfcosta.com/2022/10/02/scrum-versus-kanban.html] 

Scrum and Kanban are both ways to establish processes in a team to get
things done. However, the author argues that Kanban is better than
Scrum because it‚Äôs faster and more efficient. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GITHUB COPILOT FOR CLI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-cli/] 

Ever have trouble remembering shell commands and flags for this or
that? Ever wish you could just say what you want the shell to do?
GitHub is building Copilot for CLI, which gives natural language
assistance right in the terminal. 

TINYBASE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/tinyplex/tinybase] 

TinyBase is a reactive data store for local-first apps. It has many
features, like support for both KV stores and tabular data, a powerful
query engine, flexible UI reactivity to data updates, data sync
between remote and local storage, and more. When compressed, TinyBase
is less than 10kB and has zero dependencies. 

REDISRAFT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/RedisLabs/redisraft/tree/master] 

RedisRaft is a Redis module that implements the Raft Consensus
Algorithm, making it possible to create strongly-consistent clusters
of Redis servers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI ISN'T THE APP, IT'S THE UI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/01/ai-isnt-the-app-its-the-ui/] 

Contrary to the hype of AI agents and generative AI, this article
argues that AI‚Äôs best use case is to serve as an interface between
humans and machines. AI models are good at imitating stochastic
systems, making them useful in language and art generation, but they
struggle to follow rules and constraints because of their stochastic
nature. Additionally, there isn‚Äôt a real way to deal with ‚Äúbugs‚Äù
in AI. AI may not truly understand us, but it can deliver our
intentions to an API with reasonable accuracy and describe the results
in a way we understand. 

BOOSTING RETENTION WITH BETTER ONBOARDING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/reidtandy/p/improving-retention-with-better-onboarding]


HBO battled subscriber loss after Hulu Plus launched. The team's
strategy was to identify behavior that tends to lead to better
retention and adjust the onboarding flow to encourage that behavior.
The article dives deep into how they conducted the analysis of their
users, studied Hulu‚Äôs software, and implemented certain software
changes. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW OPEN SOURCE ENABLED KUBERNETES‚Äô SUCCESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/linearb/how-open-source-enabled-kubernetes-success-mnc]


Kubernetes almost wasn‚Äôt open source due to internal arguments at
Google, but its co-founders believed that a successful ecosystem could
be fostered through an open-source model, leading to a virtuous cycle
around Kubernetes and its success today. 

5 RED FLAGS THAT MAKE RECRUITER SCROLL PAST YOUR LINKEDIN PROFILE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90892554/5-red-flags-that-make-recruiters-scroll-past-your-linkedin-profile]


An experienced retained search consultant and executive resume writer
gives some tips on keeping one‚Äôs LinkedIn up to current standards. 

BELGIUM LEGALIZES ETHICAL HACKING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.law.kuleuven.be/citip/blog/belgium-legalises-ethical-hacking-a-threat-or-an-opportunity-for-cybersecurity/]


On February 15, Belgium saw the entering into force of a new
‚Äòwhistleblower‚Äô law, which legalized ‚Äòethical hacking‚Äô even
for cases where the hacked entity did not consent to it. In order to
benefit from such decriminalization, the law poses a number of
conditions for ethical hacking that have to be fulfilled in order for
the hacker to be excused from any criminal liability. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f39587a6-ed70-11ed-8ea5-5bedc2e55591&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683543630&t=1683544134&s=fa872befdb525aea87aaefa9a7b87144089d031fa29b0e9d079f83bfd77d2e33].


¬†