# Articles TLDR Web Dev 03-10-2023

Pinterest reached 11.7 million monthly active users (MAUs) in January
2012 with just six engineers¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c2352770-61c9-11ee-b17f-b98bd5e1e105&pt=campaign&t=1696331405&s=41746cfd70e63ecff637705e7ea45a7f6fc13833ebb04d08b1524073c3e42e39]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Graphite]
[https://graphite.dev/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-03

GRAPHITE: HOW THE FASTEST DEVELOPERS SHIP CODE (SPONSOR)
[https://graphite.dev/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR]

Create, review, merge.
Graphite helps engineers STAY UNBLOCKED and SHIP FASTER. Graphite
enables ‚Äústacking‚Äù‚Äîa workflow used by engineers at top companies
to accelerate development by creating small, dependent PRs. Sign up
for free to get:

	* Supercharged CLI, web app, and VS Code extension
	* Pull request inbox with customizable filters
	* Real-time Slack notifications
	* Seamless integration with GitHub
	* ‚Ä¶and more!

_‚ÄúGraphite makes it much faster for me to develop because I‚Äôm
spending less time wrangling git‚Äù (Rodda John, Staff Eng @ Ramp)_

Graphite is available to anyone with a Github account ‚Äî get started
for free today.
[https://graphite.dev/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW PINTEREST SCALED TO 11 MILLION USERS WITH ONLY 6 ENGINEERS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-pinterest-scaled-to-11-million?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Pinterest reached 11.7 million monthly active users (MAUs) in January
2012 with just six engineers. It was the fastest company at the time
to surpass 10 million MAUs. Pinterest's growth journey involved
several lessons, such as favoring database sharding over clustering
and sharding incrementally over time. It faced numerous problems along
the way, like data corruption due to some bugs in its clustering
algorithm. This article dives into how Pinterest‚Äôs backend
architecture evolved over time, such as the fact that it transitioned
from Django to Flask as it grew.

THE ABSOLUTE MINIMUM EVERY SOFTWARE DEVELOPER MUST KNOW ABOUT UNICODE
IN 2023 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonsky.me/blog/unicode/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article discusses how text encoding has evolved over time and how
UTF-8 is the dominant encoding method today. UTF-8 is described as a
variable-length encoding, ranging from one to four bytes per code
point, making it efficient for a wide range of languages. UTF-8 is
also compatible with ASCII and has solid error detection and recovery
capabilities. The article dives through various simple questions
regarding UTF-8 from a software developer‚Äôs perspective.

AN INTRODUCTION TO THE BUN JAVASCRIPT RUNTIME (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sitepoint.com/bun-javascript-runtime-introduction/]

Bun is a rival JavaScript runtime to Node.js and Deno. In this
article, you‚Äôll look at Bun 1.0 in comparison to its counterparts
and examine the reasons it may be worth a try!

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

RETURN TO OFFICE IS BULLSHIT AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://soatok.blog/2023/10/02/return-to-office-is-bullshit-and-everyone-knows-it/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article argues that the decision to require everyone to return to
the office lacks a factual basis and disregards the situations of
employees. It also talks about the potential consequences of such a
decision, including the loss of top talent in the tech industry.

THE 300% PRODUCTION PROBLEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://leebriggs.co.uk/blog/2023/09/28/300_percent_problem?utm-source=tldrwebdev]

The 300% production problem is that to get an application into
production, you need to be an expert on the deployment target, the
deployment methodology, and in the application itself. Each of these
expertise layers is a full-time job or undertaking. The ultimate
solution to this problem is simplicity.

HOW DOORDASH DEFINES GREAT ENGINEERING MANAGEMENT (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://doordash.engineering/2023/09/19/how-doordash-defines-great-engineering-management/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Great companies are built by great people who have great managers.
This is certainly true for the engineering team at DoorDash. Defining
what great engineering management looks like for DoorDash has been
critical for its success as a business. This article gives you a
glimpse into the core values that back its teams and managers along
the way.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

PYTHON 3.12 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-3120/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Python 3.12 has been released, featuring a better debugging and
profiling API, flexible f-string parsing, more performance
improvements, a new type annotation syntax for generic classes, and
more.

OPENSTATUS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openstatusHQ/openstatus?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

OpenStatus is an open-source synthetic monitoring platform. It
features both custom monitoring and alerting, with support for custom
headers and fast incident alerts.

INSTANT.DEV (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/instant-dev/instant?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Instant.dev offers a speedy, dependable, and battle-tested
Object-Relational Mapping and migration management system for Postgres
13+ in JavaScript. For individuals familiar with Ruby on Rails,
instant.dev introduces functionality similar to ActiveRecord in the
Node.js, Deno, and Bun ecosystems. It‚Äôs designed to work with any
JavaScript stack.

SHOELACE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/shoelace-style/shoelace?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A collection of professionally designed, everyday UI components built
on Web standards. Works with all frameworks as well as regular
HTML/CSS/JS.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

DEPENDENCY COMPOSITION (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/dependency-composition.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Frustrated with conventional framework-based dependency injection,
Daniel Somerfield, a software engineer with over 20 years of
experience, has developed a composition strategy that utilizes partial
application to inject context into modules. This article provides a
first-person view of how Somerfield identifies and solves a technical
problem within his team. By opting to fulfill dependency contracts
with functions instead of classes, minimizing code sharing between
modules, and guiding the design through tests, Somerfield successfully
created a system composed of highly discrete, evolvable, yet still
type-safe modules.

THE SYNTHETIC SOCIAL NETWORK IS COMING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.platformer.news/p/the-synthetic-social-network-is-coming?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Recent developments in AI, such as Meta‚Äôs personality-driven
chatbots voiced by celebrities, open the door to more immersive AI
interactions. There is the potential for AI companions that are warm,
empathetic, and helpful, akin to the concept popularized in the movie
"Her." These AI companions could provide support and entertainment,
particularly for individuals who are lonely or isolated. However,
there are unanswered questions about how AI will affect society in
terms of personalization, engagement, and loneliness.

WHY EMBRACING COMPLEXITY IS THE REAL CHALLENGE IN SOFTWARE TODAY (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/09/29/1080282/why-embracing-complexity-is-the-real-challenge-in-software-today/amp/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In the midst of industry discussions about productivity and
automation, it‚Äôs all too easy to forget to fully come to terms with
complexity. However, it‚Äôs important that we don‚Äôt ignore
complexity or see it as something that can be fixed: we need to
embrace it and use it to our advantage.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

LESSONS FROM DEBUGGING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/lessons-from-debugging?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

16 quick lessons from debugging, such as getting a second set of eyes
on your code.

ASK HN: WHO IS HIRING? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37739028&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Monthly Hacker News thread on what companies are hiring developers.

HOW VPNS REALLY WORK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ALmzO?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

VPNs encrypt data to prevent unauthorized people from eavesdropping on
traffic. This article quickly explains how VPNs work.

USING SUPABASE‚ÄôS VECTOR DATABASE WITH POSTGRESQL (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/using-supabases-vector-database-postgresql/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article explores how to manage vector data in a PostgreSQL
database using Supabase. It also delves deeper into the creation of
embeddings using OpenAI, which offers an efficient way to transform
complex data into meaningful numerical representations.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c2352770-61c9-11ee-b17f-b98bd5e1e105&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696330884&t=1696331405&s=6f4087295909bf0d578102aedafeb353c0289b34c631ba4bb63671c6f1f0892e].