# Articles TLDR Web Dev 14-09-2023

Local-first development shifts reads and writes from happening on the
server to in the client¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b5aae2b4-52d9-11ee-9c58-81e610d4947e&pt=campaign&t=1694689436&s=a2a21e123a7fc57d3605dfb89a37dfcd23e95e24d1c38cb978b9892b20387b08]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FusionAuth]
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-14

THE MODERN GUIDE TO OAUTH (SPONSOR)
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914]

There‚Äôs many OAuth guides out to there, but most of them leave you
more confused than you were when you started.
This guide
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914]
is different because it covers all of the ways that we actually use
OAuth.
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914]
It‚Äôs based on hundreds of conversations and client implementations
as well as our experience building FusionAuth
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914],
an OAuth server which has been downloaded over a million times.

You‚Äôll get all the details you need to be an OAuth expert without
reading endless specifications or writing your own OAuth server. And
it‚Äôs incredibly comprehensive
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914],
with plenty of hands-on examples and code snippets that you can start
using instantly.

If that sounds good to you, start reading!
[https://fusionauth.io/articles/oauth/modern-guide-to-oauth?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=oauth-914]
No signup required.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

NOTES ON LOCAL-FIRST DEVELOPMENT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://bricolage.io/some-notes-on-local-first-development/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Local-first development shifts reads and writes from happening on the
server to in the client. Data then is synced later. Apps like Figma
and Linear do this as it allows for much better performance for users,
more robust applications, built-in support for offline usage and
collaboration, and simplified state management for developers. There
is currently a trend where applications are moving towards
local-first, but it is yet to be seen whether this will turn into a
full-fledged movement. 

WHEN MFA ISN'T ACTUALLY MFA (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://retool.com/blog/mfa-isnt-mfa/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

On August 29, 2023, Retool notified 27 cloud customers that there had
been unauthorized access to their accounts. Retool had fallen victim
to a spear phishing attack two days earlier that took advantage of one
of its employees. The hackers took advantage of a Google Authenticator
feature that syncs multi-factor authentication codes to the cloud,
allowing them full access to the employee‚Äôs account. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

LOCALHOST WILL INEVITABLY DIE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://lucasfcosta.com/2023/09/11/localhost-will-die.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Development evolves from localhost to staging and eventually to cloud
environments. This article explains how and why each development stage
works and their disadvantages. It also explains three typical
approaches to cloud developer environments. The preferred approach is
to provide production-like staging for each engineer in the
company‚Äôs cloud. 

ASK HN: ONE-PERSON STARTUPS/SAAS THAT ARE PROFITABLE? (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37501485&]

This Hacker News thread contains examples of profitable one-person
startups. One example is Pieter Levels, who pulls in $200,000 monthly
using a basic PHP and jQuery tech stack. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

SEMGREP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Semgrep is a fast, open-source static analysis engine for finding
bugs, detecting vulnerabilities in third-party dependencies, and
enforcing code standards. Semgrep analyzes code locally on your
computer or build environment. 

NODE FILE ROUTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Danilqa/node-file-router?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Node File Router provides file-based routing for Node.js. It‚Äôs
technology-agnostic and supports pure Node HTTP, TypeScript, Bun,
Express, and more. It has zero dependencies and 100% test coverage. 

OPENMOJI (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hfg-gmuend/openmoji?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Openmoji provides open-source emojis for everyone. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE HIDDEN WISDOM IN PROCRASTINATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://ozanvarol.com/the-hidden-wisdom-in-procrastination/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Procrastination isn‚Äôt just an obstacle: it‚Äôs a messenger. Usually,
it signals something deeper, such as heading in the wrong direction or
pursuing short-term rewards. When you find yourself procrastinating,
it might be worth pausing and reflecting on what it is trying to tell
you. 

A GUIDE FOR FINDING PRODUCT-MARKET FIT IN B2B (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/finding-product-market-fit?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article provides lessons in finding product-market fit (PMF) for
B2B startups based on interviews with more than 20 B2B founders. It
presents a simple framework for moving closer to PMF, signs that
you‚Äôre approaching PMF, and advice for what to do if you aren‚Äôt
finding PMF. It takes a median of 2 years for B2B startups to find
PMF. Many founders have never fully felt PMF, even if they are making
over $100M/year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MY C# TIME MACHINE: 13 LESSONS FROM A 10-YEAR VOYAGE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/bytehide/my-c-time-machine-13-lessons-from-a-10-year-voyage-27j2?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A developer provides 13 lessons from C#, such as the fact that the
more languages you know, the better you become in each. 

GETTING DAILY NOTIFICATIONS MY PARENT IS OKAY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://remysharp.com/2023/09/11/getting-daily-notifications-my-parent-is-okay?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A developer wanted to get daily notifications from his parents‚Äô
kettle. His approach involved checking whether the kettle was boiled
at the usual time of day. If not, send a ‚Äúmissed event‚Äù
notification. The parts used in the project include a kettle smart
plug, a messaging app, and an MQTT server written in Node. 

ANY SUFFICIENTLY ADVANCED UNINSTALLER IS INDISTINGUISHABLE FROM
MALWARE (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://devblogs.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20230911-00/?p=108749&?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There was a spike in Explorer crashes that resulted in the instruction
pointer pointing to a seemingly random location. When Microsoft
engineers investigated, they realized it was actually the result of an
uninstaller and not malware. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=b5aae2b4-52d9-11ee-9c58-81e610d4947e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694689220&t=1694689436&s=6372c45ad9d8204e53da4f4800b4175d5f7a44066b34c0d8710e74736b99e69a].