# Articles TLDR Web Dev 09-05-2023

Better prompting of LLMs leads to better responses¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1350c794-ee3f-11ed-b6d1-0b11dac725fb&pt=campaign&t=1683630566&s=aa03b7c296f214b9a25dc9cbad30d16a9d3b5a2726d6714f63bc035cf127f4a7]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-09

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

ADVANCED PROMPT ENGINEERING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/cameronrwolfe/p/advanced-prompt-engineering]


Better prompting of LLMs leads to better responses. There are some
advanced prompt engineering techniques for when few-shot learning
isn‚Äôt enough. This article explores techniques to allow LLMs to
access an external knowledge database, enable logical reasoning, and
provide memory to an LLM to store and access prior chat history. 

THE SAFEST WAY TO HIDE YOUR API KEYS WHEN USING REACT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://smashingmagazine.com/2023/05/safest-way-hide-api-keys-react/]


Hiding your API keys can sometimes be tricky when environment
variables aren‚Äôt available. This article explores the best practices
to hide your API keys through methods like backend proxy servers and
key management services. 

PULL TO REFRESH FROM SCRATCH AS A REACT HOOK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.strictmode.io/articles/react-pull-to-refresh] 

The "pull to refresh" is a ubiquitous mobile UI pattern where a user
pulls the page down and triggers the page refresh. This tutorial goes
through the implementation steps of pull-to-refresh as a hook in
React. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

BREADTH VS. DEPTH, IN WHICH DAVE SUPPORTS JOB HOPPING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scarletink.com/breadth-vs-depth-aka-supporting-job-hopping/]


We are often told to specialize in one thing, but does the same apply
in software? Dave Anderson, an ex-Amazon director, argues that
employees with a wide breadth of knowledge have more opportunities and
are less prone to risk compared to those specialized in a small subset
of tools. 

THE D.E.N.N.I.S. SYSTEM: R√âSUM√â TIPS FOR SENIOR DEVS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://jacobbartlett.substack.com/p/the-dennis-system-cvs-tips-for-senior]


A hiring manager breaks down 6 principles to designing a good dev
resume, such as ways to show that one drove initiatives at a company.
He also gives some career advice to developers that are on their way
to being a senior dev, such as focusing on impact and discouraging
multiple short stints at companies. 

HOW TO DEVELOP AN INNOVATION CULTURE (4 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/developing-an-innovation-culture/]


Big Tech companies tend to thrive through their innovative work
culture. This article explains what innovative culture means and looks
at how companies can prioritize innovation culture through hiring,
leading, collaborating and focusing. It also examines the challenges
that come with such culture. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GITHUB CODE SEARCH IS GENERALLY AVAILABLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-08-github-code-search-is-generally-available/]


GitHub‚Äôs new code search and code view are now generally available
to all users on GitHub.com. This comes with three powerful new
capabilities. First, an entirely redesigned search interface, with
suggestions, completions, and the ability to slice and dice the
results. Second, a new code search engine, built completely from
scratch. And third, a total redesign of GitHub‚Äôs code view, tightly
integrating search, browsing, and code navigation. 

UNLIGHTHOUSE (WEBSITE) [https://unlighthouse.dev/] 

Unlighthouse scans your entire site using Google Lighthouse, with a
modern UI, minimal config and smart sampling. It takes two minutes on
average and is open source. 

INK (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/vadimdemedes/ink] 

Ink is React for interactive command-line apps. It provides the same
component-based UI building experience that React offers in the
browser, but for command-line apps. It uses Yoga to build Flexbox
layouts in the terminal, so most CSS-like props are available in Ink
as well. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT IS THERE TO LEARN FROM THE PRIME VIDEO MICROSERVICES TO MONOLITH
STORY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://adrianco.medium.com/so-many-bad-takes-what-is-there-to-learn-from-the-prime-video-microservices-to-monolith-story-4bd0970423d4]


The Prime Video team followed a ‚ÄúServerless First‚Äù path, where the
first try at building something is put together with Step Functions
and Lambda calls. They state in the blog that this was quick to build,
which is the point. When exploring how to construct something,
building a prototype in a few days or weeks is a good approach. In
contrast to commentary along the lines that Amazon got it wrong, the
team followed what the author considers to be the best practice as a
switch to a monolithic architecture is the logical next step after a
fast prototype needs to scale. 

THE EUROPEAN NETWORK USAGE FEES PROPOSAL IS ABOUT MUCH MORE THAN A
FIGHT BETWEEN BIG TECH AND BIG EUROPEAN TELCOS (7 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.cloudflare.com/eu-network-usage-fees/] 

In the EU, telcos are complaining about the investments they need to
make to maintain the current network infrastructure. This is sparking
a debate to make changes to the network charging fee, which may give
Big Tech content a fast lane at the expense of giving a slow lane to
everyone else. 

GENERATIVE AI AND THE IMPACT ON APIS AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.postman.com/generative-ai-and-the-impact-on-apis-and-software-development/]


Just like with the leaps in GUIs for personal computing, the internet
browser, and mobile devices that we could carry anywhere, generative
AI-driven interactions will make us rethink the ways in which we will
build software for the future. However, these bots will only be able
to do ‚Äúactions‚Äù through APIs. APIs are the hands and legs that
power the ‚Äúthinking‚Äù that the AI is doing. APIs will connect these
bots to data, as well as to verbs and nouns to get stuff done in the
real world. Companies will need to double down on their API-first
strategies in order to participate in the exchange of value in the
software world. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

50+ CHATGPT PROMPTS FOR WEB DEVELOPERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/ai-prompts-for-web-developers-chatgpt] 

This article details over 50 practical prompt templates for web
developers to develop more efficiently. It‚Äôs not limited to
‚Äúgenerate a JavaScript function that does x‚Äù, but also looks at
interesting use cases like code review & refactor, debugging, SEO, and
more. 

THE TRUTH BEHIND TECHNICAL DECISIONS IN BIG TECH COMPANIES (TWITTER
THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/hkarthik/status/1655272560123334657?s=46]


In Big Tech companies, technical decisions are often more nuanced than
many engineers realize and are not always based on pure technical
merit. An engineer posts a list of anecdotes of technical decisions
that didn‚Äôt just have tech itself play a role. 

THE RISE OF CHATGPT-ENABLED GITHUB SPAM (MASTODON POST)
[https://mastodon.social/@danluu/110335983520055904] 

ChatGPT and easy content & code generation has led to a rise in GitHub
spam. This post shows some examples of such spam. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1350c794-ee3f-11ed-b6d1-0b11dac725fb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683630019&t=1683630566&s=21ca7f6393fb4fd8f7eccba0e99dcfecd5aab01d0927de5f1818dc3863ee96aa].


¬†