# Articles TLDR Web Dev 25-10-2023

Sentry, an open-source company, has donated $500k to over 500 open
source maintainers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fb7fc516-7313-11ee-a3b3-77b5c901658e&pt=campaign&t=1698231822&s=1d3f16e25ae06b29196d9896c9f53fdafcfa9311214f7c68884f691d10a859ec]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/signals/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=signals]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-25

 INCIDENT MANAGEMENT + ALERTING BELONG TOGETHER (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/signals/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=signals]


 Teams need alerting and incident management tools to respond to
incidents ‚Äì but today, they‚Äôre separate. What's more, the way we
build software continues to evolve and become more complex, but
alerting tools are still stuck in the past.

Introducing Signals by FireHydrant
[https://firehydrant.com/signals/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=signals]
a modern alerting tool that helps you:

 	*
LOWER COSTS and only pay for users who have actually been paged.

 	*
REDUCE NOISY ALERTS and only amplify the signals that require incident
response.

 	*
IMPROVE ASSEMBLY TIME by paging teams and services.

It‚Äôs time to start thinking about the full incident lifecycle, from
ring to retro. Sign up
[https://firehydrant.com/signals/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=signals]
for Signals today.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 AUTOMATING DEAD CODE CLEANUP (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/10/24/data-infrastructure/automating-dead-code-cleanup/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Meta's Systematic Code and Asset Removal Framework (SCARF) features a
subsystem for identifying and removing dead code. SCARF combines
static and dynamic analysis of programs to detect dead code from both
a business and programming language perspective. It automatically
creates change requests to delete the identified dead code, improving
system quality and reducing developer costs. SCARF operates at a
symbol level, supports multiple programming languages, and uses
garbage collection to identify and delete unreachable code. 

 DETECTING TRAFFIC ANOMALIES AT SCALE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.monday.com/detecting-traffic-anomalies-at-scale/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Monday.com faced a problem where rogue users produced anomalous heavy
traffic (sometimes up to 20-30% of the entire system‚Äôs load!). Its
team tackled this by analyzing HTTP requests and SQL queries to find
and block excessive and abusive traffic. They then designed a system
in Kafka to continuously monitor real-time traffic and detect
troubling patterns. The team published telemetry through Kafka and
centralized service data within one Kafka topic. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 BECOME A BETTER ENGINEER BY WORKING ON SIDE PROJECTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/gregorojstersek/p/become-a-better-engineer-by-working?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Hands-on experience with side projects is better than passive
learning from tutorials. These authors share their personal
experiences of how side projects have contributed to their development
as engineers. They also suggest various ways to find project ideas,
such as solving personal or community needs and participating in open
source projects. 

 WHAT AI WON‚ÄôT REPLACE IN YOUR PROGRAMMING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3709230/what-ai-wont-replace-in-your-programming.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Effective use of AI coding tools requires expertise in framing
prompts and understanding the problem at hand. However, it‚Äôs
important to not rely solely on AI but use it to augment the developer
experience. AI can help automate tedious tasks, allowing developers to
focus on more complex challenges as their expertise grows. 

 GOODBYE, NODE.JS BUFFER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://sindresorhus.com/blog/goodbye-nodejs-buffer?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The Buffer type in Node.js is increasingly becoming incompatible with
modern JavaScript environments due to the availability of Uint8Array.
This article highlights the differences between Buffer and Uint8Array,
including mutable vs. immutable behavior, and suggests transitioning
packages to use Uint8Array instead. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 PRIZMDOC BY ACCUSOFT: THE SECURE DOCUMENT VIEWING AND PROCESSING FOR
YOUR WEB APP (SPONSOR)
[https://www.accusoft.com/?utm_campaign=PrizmDoc-Viewer&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter%20Ads]


 Elevate your web app's document management with PrizmDoc by Accusoft.
[https://www.accusoft.com/?utm_campaign=PrizmDoc-Viewer&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter%20Ads]
Supercharge your digital document processes with REST APIs for
viewing, search, annotation, redaction, and conversion. Choose between
self-hosted or cloud-hosted options for custom deployment. Experience
the future of document management today.

Start your trial today!
[https://www.accusoft.com/?utm_campaign=PrizmDoc-Viewer&utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=Newsletter%20Ads]

 EFFECT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Effect-TS/effect] 

 Effect is a TypeScript library designed to help developers easily
create complex, synchronous, and asynchronous programs. It uses
structured concurrency to provide features such as async cancellation
and safe resource management, making it easier to build robust,
scalable, and efficient programs. 

 REACT-MAGIC-MOTION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/etesam913/react-magic-motion?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 React-magic-motion is a React.js library that animates your
components with just 2 lines of code. You wrap whichever component you
want to be animated with a MagicMotion tag. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CODE REVIEW ON PRINTED PAPER: AN EXCERPT FROM THE TWITOONS COMIC BOOK
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/code-review-on-printed-paper-an-excerpt?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Manu Cornet has created some of the most referenced Big Tech comics.
In this article, Cornet shares how he drew his famous comic on FAANG
organization structures, speaks about the code review process for Elon
Musk, and talks about his personal experience of being fired on the
spot at Twitter. 

 WHAT MCKINSEY GOT WRONG ABOUT DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://leaddev.com/process/what-mckinsey-got-wrong-about-developer-productivity?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The debate on measuring productivity in software engineering has
intensified as the tech sector faces changing dynamics. McKinsey has
proposed a framework combining DORA and SPACE metrics, with added
opportunity-focused metrics, to measure developer productivity.
However, critics argue that this approach overly emphasizes coding
output, ignores the social aspects, and neglects developer well-being.
Measuring individual developer productivity may be counterproductive,
as it undermines teamwork and neglects the importance of
organizational culture. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WE JUST GAVE $500,000 TO OPEN SOURCE MAINTAINERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.sentry.io/we-just-gave-500-000-dollars-to-open-source-maintainers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Sentry, an open-source company, has donated $500k to over 500 open
source maintainers. 

 UNIFIED VERSUS SPLIT DIFF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matklad.github.io/2023/10/23/unified-vs-split-diff.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article compares different views for file diffs for reviewing
code. 

 WEB ANIMATION TECHNIQUES ‚Äì CSS VS JAVASCRIPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/ctrlcoding/web-animation-techniques-css-vs-javascript-42oj?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A couple of rules of thumb for deciding between using CSS or
Javascript for animations. Generally, use CSS for simpler animations
with performance requirements and use Javascript for complex
animations that require user input. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fb7fc516-7313-11ee-a3b3-77b5c901658e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698231623&t=1698231822&s=be41cfb1b78cc749057cfda5340278ab6ce3cc9e32570cd9097aef674d5f3663].


¬†