# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-05-2023

Tech company Glassdoor ratings have been significantly impacted by the
recent layoffs.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3bc73562-fb8e-11ed-a1c1-b9931f70e697&pt=campaign&t=1685099369&s=078d29412918ac1df55d30967280bae098b88c5baf535805d00f0d29f497fa22]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH LOCOFY.AI
[https://www.locofy.ai/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=tldr]


¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-26

FRONTEND DEVELOPMENT ACCELERATED WITH AI (SPONSOR)
[https://www.locofy.ai/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=tldr]


Turn designs into frontend code for web and mobile with Locofy.ai
[https://www.locofy.ai/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=tldr].
Build full apps, screens, components, and design systems.

	*
Supports Figma & Adobe XD to React, React Native, HTML/CSS, Gatsby,
and Next.js.

	*
Tag your interactive elements, handle styling, layout, and
responsiveness with ease.

	*
Use LocoAI to optimise designs, auto-tag elements, create components
and add props.

	*
Export your code in your preferred settings (CSS Modules, Tailwind,
CSS, Typescript, JavaScript, Expo) or sync your project and components
to GitHub.

SHIP PRODUCTS 10X FASTER WITH YOUR EXISTING DESIGN TOOLS, LIBRARIES,
TECH STACK, AND CI/CD WORKFLOWS.
[https://www.locofy.ai/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=paid&utm_campaign=tldr]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

DEVELOPER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO PASSWORDLESS AUTHENTICATION (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/passwordless-authentication] 

Passwordless authentication has been rising in popularity. It is more
secure and convenient than password-based authentication. This article
gives a thorough deep dive of the different forms of passwordless
authentication and shows you how you can implement it. 

API REDESIGN: SHOPPING CART AND STRIPE PAYMENT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/bytebytego/p/api-redesign-shopping-cart-and-stripe?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


This tutorial features a real-life example of how Stripe redesigned
its API in 6 stages from 2011 to 2020. It also features a step by step
guide to designing a simple shopping cart: step one analyzes
requirements and designs the API, step two applies optimizations such
as filtering, sorting, and pagination, and step three considers
security. 

UNCOVERING THE KEY TO A SPEEDY FRONTEND FRAMEWORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://codingpastor.dev/uncovering-the-key-to-a-speedy-frontend-framework]


Using a quick frontend framework is a sure fire way to make users
happy, increase engagement, achieve excellent SEO rankings, and reach
impressive conversion rates. This article discusses what makes popular
frontend frameworks like Next.js, Vite, Svelte, and many others
lightning fast. It outlines the many benefits of using these
frameworks in your projects. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

ASK HN: HOW DO YOU NOT TAKE CRITICISM OF YOUR WORK (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36056299] 

A Hacker News commenter realizes that they take constructive criticism
at work personally and want to change that about themselves.
Commenters give various tips and pieces of advice to help. 

YOU DON'T ALWAYS NEED INDEXES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jefftk.com/p/you-dont-always-need-indexes] 

Sometimes you have a lot of data. One approach to support quick
searches is pre-processing it to build an index so a search can
involve only looking at a small fraction of the total data. The
threshold at which it's worth switching to indexing, though, might be
higher than you'd guess. Unless you know from the start that you'll be
searching hundreds of millions of records, consider starting with
simple scans and only add indexing if you can't get acceptable
performance. And even then, if queries are rare and highly varied it
may still be better to do the work at query time instead of ingestion
time. 

WHY ENGINEERS NEED TO BE BORED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://onengineering.substack.com/p/why-engineers-need-to-be-bored] 

The author proposes the Pareto principle of boredom: 80% of innovation
comes from being bored 20% of the time. Boredom could actually be a
good thing for engineers, as it could help cultivate some invention
and creativity. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NEXT.JS ENTERPRISE BOILERPLATE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Blazity/next-enterprise] 

Next.js Enterprise Boilerplate is an enterprise-grade Next.js
boilerplate for high-performance, maintainable apps. It is packed with
features like Tailwind CSS, TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, testing
tools, and more to accelerate your development. 

DITTOFEED (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/dittofeed/dittofeed] 

Dittofeed is an open-source customer engagement platform built for
devs. It has features like being self-hostable, journey monitoring and
alerting, testing SDK to test marketing campaigns, and more. 

FIR (WEBSITE) [https://livefir.fly.dev] 

The Fir toolkit is designed for Go developers with moderate html/css &
js skills who want to progressively build reactive web apps without
mastering complex web frameworks. It includes a Go library and an
Alpine.js plugin. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LAYOFFS PUSH DOWN SCORES ON GLASSDOOR: THIS IS HOW COMPANIES RESPOND
(11 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/layoffs-push-down-scores-on-glassdoor?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


Glassdoor ratings are important sites to get information about a
company. However, tech company ratings have been significantly
impacted by the recent layoffs. This post dives into quantitative and
qualitative data on industry Glassdoor ratings in the past two years.
It also gives insights on how Glassdoor deals with misleading
information. 

HYPE: THE ENEMY OF EARLY STAGE RETURNS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/1984/p/hype-the-enemy-of-early-stage-returns?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


There is an inconvenient truth in early-stage venture capital: Hyped
sectors consistently lead to meager outcomes. Outsized returns on the
other hand happen where you least expect them. For early stage
investors, success isn't about predicting the future of how technology
evolves. Rather it‚Äôs about finding signs of a clear market need
(that may appear nascent or even solved by existing players) and
backing teams who can capitalize on these needs. In short, when it
comes to returns, product-market-fit eats hype for lunch. 

MULTIPLE LAYERS OF ABSTRACTION IN DESIGN SYSTEMS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.atspotify.com/2023/05/multiple-layers-of-abstraction-in-design-systems/]


This post introduces Spotify's multiple layer design pattern that
allows engineering and design to work with complex use cases and teams
with different resources on design and engineering. The three layers
of abstractions are called Config (think a standard card), slots (card
with customizable images), and custom (a completely custom card). Each
layer allows for more customization as you progress. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHATGPT PLUGINS NOW SUPPORT POSTGRES & SUPABASE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://supabase.com/blog/chatgpt-plugins-support-postgres] 

Supabase recently contributed to the OpenAI repo with a Postgres and a
Supabase implementation to help developers build plugins using
pgvector. 

WHY YOU SHOULD STILL READ THE DOCS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://death.andgravity.com/output] 

We‚Äôve all used libraries, tools, and packages that seem almost
impossible to work with. It can be easy to throw your hands up and
move on to another option. This article encourages you to keep at it
and explains a method for consuming and understanding documentation
that can help make this process easier. 

BUILDING COUNTDOKU, A MULTIPLAYER SUDOKU WEB APP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://shaneosullivan.wordpress.com/2022/03/07/building-countdoku-a-multiplayer-sudoku-web-app/]


This article discusses the process for building a multiplayer Sudoku
game with Next.js, React, and Vercel. 

VINT CERF‚ÄôS CAREER ADVICE FOR ENGINEERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/vint-cerf-advice] 

Vint Cerf, the Internet‚Äôs co-creator, gives career advice that
touches on humility, collaboration, and cultivating soft skills. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3bc73562-fb8e-11ed-a1c1-b9931f70e697&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685098818&t=1685099369&s=98e888718924ae11fb088e5d063bd518b1e52f4506b29089176f2149ec8d6c11].


¬†