# Articles TLDR Web Dev 10-08-2023

Vite is a platform-agnostic frontend tool for building web
applications quickly that solves some common developer headaches¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=61ffa678-375d-11ee-8d38-6f03568d484c&pt=campaign&t=1691665484&s=b689c77b5faf93d63162252816870ee02c1e350027e68bfae7f2cd0d3faf05ba]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-10

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHAT IS VITE AND WHY IS IT AWESOME? (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://cleancommit.io/blog/what-is-vite/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Vite is a platform-agnostic frontend tool for building web
applications quickly that solves some common developer headaches. It
is a replacement for Create-React-App, which is no longer recommended
by the React team. This article provides a comprehensive overview of
Vite, including its key features, advantages, and how it can be
integrated into existing development environments. 

THINGS YOU FORGOT (OR NEVER KNEW) BECAUSE OF REACT (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://joshcollinsworth.com/blog/antiquated-react?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article delves into the evolution of frontend development and how
React, once a revolutionary framework, has become somewhat antiquated
compared to newer alternatives. Many developers might be missing out
on the advancements in the frontend world due to their adherence to
React. There are various aspects where React lags, such as its lack of
support for web components, stubborn incompatibility with the
platform, and implementation of styling. 

FORM VALIDATION WITH REACT HOOK FORM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://claritydev.net/blog/form-validation-react-hook-form?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Form validation is the process of checking input data against specific
criteria before it is processed. React Hook Form stands out as a
robust, easy-to-use solution among the numerous tools and libraries
available for form validation in React. This article explores the
capabilities of the React Hook Form, particularly when it comes to
form validation. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

MANAGE YOUR PRIORITIES AND ENERGY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/frameworks-decision-making/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Many people think that reaching the right outcomes happens by
prioritizing the company first, your team second, and yourself third.
However, working according to this framework can lead to burnout. A
long-term career depends equally on being impactful and staying
engaged. This article offers tips to help you achieve this. 

SO YOU WANT TO BE A MANAGER - PART 3: THE BAD AND THE UGLY (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.thecaringtechie.com/p/so-you-want-to-be-a-manager-p3?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Engineering management is a road often riddled with potholes, a
journey where the terrain is as unpredictable as the evolution of
technology itself. Whoever believes management is an easier job
compared to the individual contributor role can‚Äôt be farther from
the truth. The focus of this article is to dismantle this belief and
present some of the most challenging aspects of being a manager. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

FIXIT 2: META‚ÄôS NEXT-GENERATION AUTO-FIXING LINTER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/08/07/developer-tools/fixit-2-linter-meta/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Meta has released a new linter, Fixit 2 for Python, designed from the
ground up to make developers more efficient and capable, both in open
source projects and the diverse landscape of its internal monorepo.
Fixit 2 for Python allows developers to efficiently build custom lint
rules and perform auto-fixes for their codebases. It is available on
PyPi today. 

REFINE (WEBSITE) [https://refine.dev/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Open-source Retool for Enterprise. Build your internal tools, admin
panels, dashboards, and B2B apps with flexibility in mind. 

NPMGRAPH (WEBSITE) [https://npmgraph.js.org/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A website to easily see the dependency graph of NPM modules. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INSIGHTS INTO STACK OVERFLOW‚ÄôS TRAFFIC (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/08/08/insights-into-stack-overflows-traffic/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Data and graphs regarding Stack Overflow‚Äôs traffic have been
circulating on social media channels over the last few weeks. The
Stack Overflow team is using this opportunity to provide additional
context and information on the origin of that data, the traffic trends
we are seeing, and the work being done to ensure Stack Overflow
remains a go-to destination for developers and technologists for years
to come. 

USING FRICTION AS A FEATURE IN MACHINE LEARNING ALGORITHMS (18 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/08/friction-feature-machine-learning-algorithms/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article highlights the beneficial role of friction in enhancing
machine learning algorithms within user interfaces. While
traditionally seen as a UX hindrance, strategic friction can improve
algorithmic prediction and user interactions. Examples like TikTok's
design in displaying one video at a time lead to an increase in
understanding users' focus, which leads to better content
recommendations. 

THE ERA OF TECH LAYOFFS IS EVOLVING IN AN INTERESTING WAY (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/11/tech-layoffs-are-changing/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The era of tech layoffs has not passed yet, but it is losing some of
its intensity and changing into a unique trend. The number of tech
workers asked to leave since we saw layoffs peak in January 2023 has
come down steadily. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A COMPILATION OF OUTSTANDING TESTING ARTICLES (WITH JAVASCRIPT) (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://practica.dev/blog/a-compilation-of-outstanding-testing-articles-with-javaScript/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A curated compilation of exceptional testing articles by a testing
consultant. Topics range from generic testing concepts, such as
testing in production and how to evaluate when to write unit vs
integration tests, to specific topics, like testing microservices in
distributed environments and Javascript unit testing. These articles
provide an overview of modern testing concepts and tools. 

SUPABASE LOCAL DEV: MIGRATIONS, BRANCHING, AND OBSERVABILITY (16
MINUTE READ)
[https://supabase.com/blog/supabase-local-dev?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Supabase has improved its local development experience. 

TEMPTATIONS OF AN OPEN-SOURCE BROWSER EXTENSION DEVELOPER (48 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.com/extesy/hoverzoom/discussions/670?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A list of requests an open-source developer has gotten to sell data
from his Chrome extension. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=61ffa678-375d-11ee-8d38-6f03568d484c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691665278&t=1691665484&s=a00043f47ab658f43ac4121a8c1ef81338d74ec396275bc1dda9520bbcb3fd60].