# Articles TLDR Web Dev 06-07-2023

Loading Performance focuses on how quickly a webpages content loads¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=62f402f8-1bd9-11ee-ab1c-47b38356019e&pt=campaign&t=1688641434&s=73dae96cde43a8ce5c590ad6969e906bfff0424f51a0f4cfae7fb0dcbc526229]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [BrightData] [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-06

RESIDENTIAL PROXIES FOR WEB SCRAPING (SPONSOR)
[https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx]

BrightData [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx] is the world's
top web data platform with over 72 million residential IP addresses
and 7 million mobile IP addresses for web scraping.
Use our web scraper IDE, scraping¬†browser, or API to unblock even the
toughest sites, or just use one of our pre-crawled datasets!

Avoid unnecessary downtime and never get blocked again, sign up for
free today [https://get.brightdata.com/i3b4q467ltcx].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

REACT PERFORMANCE & OPTIMIZATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://reacthandbook.dev/react-performance-optimization]

A new React Handbook page that discusses two key aspects of React
performance: Loading and Runtime Performance. Loading Performance
focuses on how quickly a webpage's content loads. The handbook
suggests optimization techniques like GZip compression, image
optimization, and code splitting to improve loading performance.
Runtime Performance, on the other hand, measures the application's
smoothness post-load. The handbook recommends strategies such as
fixing rendering issues, offloading work to Web Workers, and using
memoization and virtualization. 

MULTITHREADING WITH WORKER THREADS IN NODE.JS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.appsignal.com/2023/07/05/multithreading-with-worker-threads-in-nodejs.html]

Node.js code can contain some computationally complex tasks that will
typically block the main thread. This is where multithreading comes in
handy because it allows us to simply run these tasks in a worker
thread. This article explores the ins and outs of multithreading in
Node, including some potential pitfalls. 

THE MASSIVE BUG AT THE HEART OF THE NPM ECOSYSTEM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.vlt.sh/blog/the-massive-hole-in-the-npm-ecosystem]

Darcy Clarke, a former npm CLI team manager, discusses a critical
issue in the npm ecosystem known as "manifest confusion." This issue
arises from the independent publishing of an npm package's manifest
and its tarball, without full validation of their contents against
each other. This loophole allows potential exploitation by bad actors,
leading to hidden malware, unknown dependencies, and potential
downgrade attacks. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

COMMONJS IS HURTING JAVASCRIPT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://deno.com/blog/commonjs-is-hurting-javascript]

The blog post on Deno's website argues that CommonJS, the module
system used in Node.js, is hindering JavaScript's progress due to its
synchronous loading and lack of native browser support. It suggests
that ECMAScript modules (ESM), which support asynchronous loading and
are browser-compatible, are a superior alternative. The post advocates
for a complete transition to ESM to better align with modern
JavaScript development and the shift towards cloud primitives. 

WHAT 5 YEARS AT REDDIT TAUGHT US ABOUT BUILDING FOR A HIGHLY
OPINIONATED USER BASE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/what-5-years-at-reddit-taught-us]

Evan Hamilton and Tyler Swartz, former Reddit employees, share a
four-step framework for building products for opinionated user bases.
They suggest measuring and building trust with users, identifying key
voices to heed, creating a private advisory council for discussions,
and acting responsibly based on feedback. Hamilton and Swartz
emphasize the importance of managing passionate users productively to
ensure successful product development. 

4 TIPS DEVELOPERS CAN USE IN THEIR NEXT JOB SEARCH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/learning-and-development/developers-next-job-hunt-tips?exp=3]

For developers in today's job market, finding a role that helps you
thrive involves more than just technical skills and compensation. As a
developer, thriving means you‚Äôre truly supported, motivated, and
able to do your best work‚Äìand it significantly predicts how
productive you can be at work. This article offers 4 tips that will
help you find your next role that will allow you to thrive as a
developer. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

INTRODUCING THE VERCEL PLATFORMS STARTER KIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/blog/platforms-starter-kit]

The Vercel Platforms Starter Kit is a full-stack template for building
multi-tenant applications with custom domains using Next.js App
Router, Vercel Postgres, and the Vercel Domains API. It comes with
powerful features like an AI editor, image uploads, fast performance,
dark mode, and more. 

PRETTIER 3.0 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://prettier.io/blog/2023/07/05/3.0.0.html]

Prettier 3.0 is here and one major change includes the migration to
using ECMAScript Modules for all source code. This change has
significantly improved the development experience for the Prettier
team. Read on to find out what else has changed and improved. 

REMOTION 4.0 (6 MINUTE READ) [https://www.remotion.dev/blog/4-0]

Remotion v4 has been released. Remotion is a way to make videos
programmatically using React. It introduces Remotion Studio, a way to
interactively edit props of your React app and render assets quickly.
It also features Rust-powered architecture, PDF and WebP generation
support, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

USING LLMS TO EXTRACT STRUCTURED DATA: OPENAI FUNCTION CALLING IN
ACTION (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://wandb.ai/darek/llmapps/reports/Using-LLMs-to-Extract-Structured-Data-OpenAI-Function-Calling-in-Action--Vmlldzo0Nzc0MzQ3]

This is a hands-on article that explores the Function Calling
capability OpenAI recently released. The article uses an example to
use Large Language Models (LLMs) to extract structured data from
unstructured Kaggle competition write-ups. The process involves
defining a function for structured output, designing a prompt for
extraction, and handling API rate limits. After obtaining a list of
methods, the author uses an LLM to clean up and structure the data,
which is then analyzed further. 

HOW HUMAN TRANSLATORS ARE COPING WITH COMPETITION FROM POWERFUL AI (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/understandingai/p/how-human-translators-are-coping?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]

The article explores how human translators are adapting to AI
translation tools. Despite AI's advancement, human translators remain
vital, particularly in specialized fields like law and medicine, and
in hybrid services where AI drafts are human-reviewed. However, the
rise of AI hasn't significantly improved translators' pay rates,
underscoring that automation is a gradual process with varied impacts
on different professions. 

COLOR FORMATS IN CSS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/color-formats/]

CSS has a whole slew of different color formats: hex codes, rgb(),
hsl(), and lch()... the list goes on! It can be hard to figure out
which one to use. This tutorial will take you on a tour of the
different options and show you how they work, how to decipher them,
and how to use them to your advantage. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SYSTEM DESIGN COURSE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/karanpratapsingh/system-design]

A complete deep dive into system design, teaching readers how to
design systems at scale and prepare for system design interviews. 

NEXT.JS 13 SERVER ACTIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thisdot.co/blog/next-js-13-server-actions/]

Vercel announced in May that it recommended App Router for production
in the new version of Next.js v13.4 as it contains a lot of good
features. This article will focus on one of the best new features in
the App Router: Server Actions. 

10 LESSER KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES REVOLUTIONIZING THE TECH
INDUSTRY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/10-lesser-known-programming-languages-revolutionizing-the-tech-industry-july-2023-edition-64f356d0df8d]

Take a look at 10 programming languages that are hidden gems worth
trying out. 

HOW TO DO WEB PROGRAMMING ON AN OLD COMPUTER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://how-to.dev/how-to-do-web-programming-on-an-old-computer]

Here are some tricks that will help you to stay productive while doing
web development on an old computer. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=62f402f8-1bd9-11ee-ab1c-47b38356019e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688641222&t=1688641434&s=850276db2ae78bc356d5a4412a0a9fb9cc1d4394292d716152511f7dcfa7e555].