# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-04-2023

The tech industry has a notion that there is a scarcity for ‚Äútop
talent‚Äù.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a5173404-e400-11ed-8d0e-cff7dd242409&pt=campaign&t=1682507234&s=432b039849f127d1f9894a3175d14e148acad0d928bbf0b9d43e4f5230ab0e4c]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-04-26

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

FEATUREVISOR (GITHUB REPOSITORY)
[https://github.com/fahad19/featurevisor] 

Featurevisor is a solution for managing your feature flags and remote
config. It introduces a workflow that's fully git-based, where
configuration is stored as YAMLs and changes are reviewed and merged
via pull requests. The workflow results in datafiles (JSON files) that
contain feature configurations, which can then be fetched by your
applications and evaluated using Featurevisor SDKs. 

PHASELLM (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/wgryc/phasellm] 

PhaseLLM is a framework designed to help manage and test LLM-driven
experiences, such as products, content, or other experiences that
product and brand managers might be driving for their users. PhaseLLM
makes it incredibly easy to plug-and-play LLMs and evaluate them
against each other. 

SUPERGLUE (WEBSITE) [https://thoughtbot.github.io/superglue/#/] 

Superglue is a React Redux starter and library designed to complement
classic Rails. You can enjoy the benefits of Redux state management
and React components without giving up the productivity of Rails form
helpers, UJS, tag helpers, cookie auth, and more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

EXPLAINING TECH'S NOTION OF TALENT SCARCITY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://nadia.xyz/top-talent] 

The tech industry has a notion that there is a scarcity for ‚Äútop
talent‚Äù. The article takes a closer look into what people and
companies in the industry really mean by this, showing that each
employer has different needs and defines ‚Äútop talent‚Äù differently.


WHY LIVE CODING INTERVIEWS ARE INACCURATE PROXIES FOR ACCESSING
CANDIDATES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://garrettdimon.com/journal/posts/live-coding-interviews] 

This article argues why live coding interviews are a terrible proxy of
accessing candidates‚Äô abilities. It dives into various reasonings,
such as the emphasis of speed, irrelevant domain knowledge, and the
application of unnecessary pressure. The author also suggests
alternative interview methods that are potentially better than live
coding. 

THE DEMING PARADOX: OPERATIONALLY RIGOROUS COMPANIES AREN'T VERY NICE
PLACES TO WORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://commoncog.com/deming-paradox-operational-rigour/] 

W. Edwards Deming is known as one of the leading management thinkers
and the author of the ‚ÄúDeming Philosophy‚Äù. His rules for
management often include being data-driven, but the author here lays
out the ways being solely data-driven can be counterproductive.
Instead, policies must also be humanistic in nature in order to be
maximally effective. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NINE WAYS TO SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE FOOT WITH POSTGRESQL (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://philbooth.me/blog/nine-ways-to-shoot-yourself-in-the-foot-with-postgresql]


This article is a detailed list of advice to prevent issues with
PostgreSQL, especially as the database scales. It encourages making
certain design decisions from the start as some issues become
impossible headaches to deal with later on. 

THE URL IS THE ULTIMATE GLOBAL STATE MANAGEMENT TOOL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jacobparis.com/guides/url-as-state-management] 

The Web History API is the only state management tool that's built
into the browser, and supported by every browser. It doesn't require
any libraries or frameworks, and it outperforms every other state
management tool. The more your URL reflects the data that needs to be
loaded, the more you can optimize your data fetching strategy. This is
a detailed guide to using the URL effectively as a state management
tool. 

USING REACTIVE VARIABLES WITH APOLLO CLIENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/using-reactive-variables-apollo-client/] 

Managing state in modern web applications is crucial, and GraphQL's
Apollo Client offers a solution for state management in client-side
applications. Reactive variables are a powerful tool for managing
local state within a JavaScript framework application, allowing for
greater freedom and control over how to manage an application's data
and state. With Apollo Client, reactive variables can be updated
automatically, providing seamless, real-time updates to an app's UI
without manual intervention. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WILL CODING JOBS CEASE TO EXIST IN THREE YEARS? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.datasciencecentral.com/will-coding-jobs-cease-to-exist-in-three-years/amp/]


There have been many sensational statements about the impact
automation, low code, and AI will have on the software developer job
ecosystem. However, realistically, coding jobs won‚Äôt completely
disappear, but rather be very different in nature. 

MEET THE PEOPLE USING NOTION TO PLAN THEIR WHOLE LIVES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/04/25/1072148/meet-the-people-using-notion-to-plan-their-whole-lives/]


Apps like Notion can help us structure and simplify our lives so they
feel less overwhelming and chaotic. However, spending too much time
optimizing and organizing our lives can be counterproductive when we
prioritize creating to-do lists over completing the actual tasks on
them, a phenomenon known as the planning fallacy. The article goes
into pros and cons of using Notion to plan one‚Äôs personal life
through both personal perspectives from different people and data from
experts. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A COMPLETELY NON-TECHNICAL EXPLANATION OF AI AND DEEP LEARNING (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.parand.com/a-completely-non-technical-explanation-of-ai.html]


AI, deep learning, and neural networks are complex topics, but this
article explains them in a simple manner using a story. 

WHAT DOES '$' MEAN IN REGEX? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/what-does-mean-in-regex/] 

The ‚Äò$‚Äô symbol is one of the most commonly used symbols in RegEx
as it is used to match the end of a string. This article explains what
‚Äò$‚Äô does with a couple of code examples. 

45 WAYS TO BREAK AN API SERVER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/zvone187/45-ways-to-break-an-api-server-negative-tests-with-examples-4ok3]


This article lists 45 code examples of negative tests that could break
your API. It‚Äôs an useful list to reference for error handling and
when creating unit tests for your APIs. 

ZEDUX (GITHUB REPOSITORY) [https://github.com/Omnistac/zedux] 

Zedux is a multi-paradigm state management tool that takes the unique
approach of separating the state layer (stores) from the architecture
layer (atoms). This allows for a powerful Dependency Injection model,
conceptually similar to Angular's but simpler and more dynamic. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a5173404-e400-11ed-8d0e-cff7dd242409&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682506820&t=1682507234&s=9ce35cd2ff2ac9bbf6d709032a729a9a1aa1cf54f1512ca495e40642eb89a079].


¬†