# Articles TLDR Web Dev 13-09-2023

Slack handles billions of inbound network requests per day¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d0ae30dc-51ff-11ee-b277-31a129a5ec91&pt=campaign&t=1694603049&s=65c8da2f9cafc0b51fa0485d1c59c0fe36a005957cbb3592e1e7761d50ac8213]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-13

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

TRAFFIC 101: PACKETS MOSTLY FLOW (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://slack.engineering/traffic-101-packets-mostly-flow/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Slack handles billions of inbound network requests per day, all of
which traverse through its edge network and ingress load-balancing
tiers. This blog talks about how a request flows ‚Äî from a Slack
user‚Äôs perspective ‚Äî across the vast ether of the network to reach
AWS and then Slack‚Äôs internal services. Slack uses websocket
connections for sending and receiving messages and edge APIs for
everything else. 

A TECHNICAL DEEP DIVE ON EVENT DRIVEN ARCHITECTURES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/tech-dive-event-driven-architectures-a55d?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Event-driven architectures are popular with data-intensive workloads
and cloud computing. This article delves into why event-driven
architectures came to be and the benefits of using them. Companies
like Netflix, Uber, and Dropbox utilize them due to their scalability.
The article shows off common design patterns within such architectures
and the challenges that come with using them. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE FOUR TYPES OF WORK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://refactoring.fm/p/the-four-types-of-work-2023?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article, by an ex-startup CTO and manager of a large high-growth
company, discusses the topic of balancing roadmap work with unexpected
opportunities/issues. It does this by dividing software work into four
types - business planned (roadmap), business unplanned (unanticipated
opportunities), maintenance planned (bugs + small changes), and
maintained unplanned (hot fixes & incidents). The author recommends
allocating 50% for business planned, 30% for business unplanned, and
20% for maintenance planned. 

DEATH BY A THOUSAND MICROSERVICES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://renegadeotter.com/2023/09/10/death-by-a-thousand-microservices.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Microservices can introduce unnecessary complexity to codebases.
There‚Äôs nothing inherently wrong with a monolithic architecture. For
example, Shopify is still a Rails monolith, leveraging the tried and
true Resque to process billions of tasks. It‚Äôs important to keep the
end product in mind first. Architecture should follow the product
needs and not vice versa. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

EMBEDDABLE OPENS ITS PRIVATE BETA (SPONSOR)
[https://embeddable.com/private-beta?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=mediapartner&utm_campaign=private-beta-launch]

Embedded analytics tools are clunky and inflexible, building bespoke
analytics is tedious and expensive. EMBEDDABLE IS REINVENTING CUSTOMER
FACING ANALYTICS WITH A FRONT-END TOOLKIT, BACK-END ENGINE, AND
NO-CODE BUILDER ‚Äî compatible with open source charting libraries
(ChartJS, D3, etc.) and all major databases.
After their oversubscribed Alpha, Embeddable is accepting 30 partners
onto their Private Beta, offering a heavily-discounted lifetime price
+ a sweet bag of merch. Apply to join the Private Beta
[https://embeddable.com/private-beta?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=mediapartner&utm_campaign=private-beta-launch]

QUIET (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/TryQuiet/quiet?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Quiet is an alternative to team chat apps like Slack, Discord, and
Element that does not require trusting a central server or running
one's own. In Quiet, all data syncs directly between a team's devices
over Tor with no server required. 

LLMONITOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/llmonitor/llmonitor?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

LLMonitor helps AI devs monitor their apps in production. It features
cost, token, and latency analytics, along with traces for easy
debugging. LLMonitor can be used with any model and is simple to
self-host. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE DEBUTS IPHONE 15 AND IPHONE 15 PLUS (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2023/09/apple-debuts-iphone-15-and-iphone-15-plus/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The iPhone 15 has a new design featuring a durable, color-infused back
glass and new contoured edge, the Dynamic Island, a 48MP Main camera
with 2x Telephoto, and USB‚ÄëC. Pre-orders begin Friday, September 15,
with availability beginning Friday, September 22. This is the first
iPhone that supports USB-C instead of Lightning. 

WE BUILT THE FASTEST CI IN THE WORLD. IT FAILED. HERE‚ÄôS WHAT WE
LEARNED (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://earthly.dev/blog/shutting-down-earthly-ci/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Earthly CI is shutting down. It was a platform that allowed builds to
be parallelized, making them much faster. Unfortunately, it never
reached the traction that Earthly expected. People already using
Earthly‚Äôs other products were unwilling to switch over. New
customers to Earthly CI weren‚Äôt the right customers the company
wanted. The article goes over the lessons learned from building and
shutting down Earthly CI. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

10 CHROME EXTENSIONS TO INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY AS A DEVELOPER (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/olucasandrade/10-chrome-extensions-to-increase-your-productivity-as-a-developer-1bkf?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Chrome extensions to make your life as a web dev easier, such as a
smart color picker and JSON viewer. 

BUILDING A BLOG IN DJANGO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://til.simonwillison.net/django/building-a-blog-in-django?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The creator of Django recently created a new blog using Django - these
are some of the notes he took while doing so. 

I KNOW HOW TO MITIGATE "THE FALL OF STACK OVERFLOW" (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/426406/i-know-how-to-mitigate-the-fall-of-stack-overflow?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Stack Overflow commenter gives some ideas on how to mitigate Stack
Overflow‚Äôs traffic decline. Stack Overflow mods respond. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d0ae30dc-51ff-11ee-b277-31a129a5ec91&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694602820&t=1694603049&s=2af1485f9f3caa3a81d5ecf24244575b7db10508aee93596715c97c747b9dcdc].