# Articles TLDR Web Dev 04-09-2023

Bezier curves are used during SVG illustrations and front-end
animations.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=0da3c59e-4afb-11ee-8d7f-b1a605641707&pt=campaign&t=1693825480&s=34fbb06c5f6b60c41c434684df35736a36ed4c6e95e010d098b6abaa57d95238]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-04

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

B√âZIER CURVES - AND THE LOGIC BEHIND THEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.richardekwonye.com/bezier-curves?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bezier curves are used during SVG illustrations and front-end
animations. This article breaks down various aspects of Bezier curves
with animated examples. It goes over linear path animations, Cubic and
Quadratic Beziers, Bezier handles, and more. 

COMPLETE VUE SUSPENSE GUIDE WITH EXAMPLES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://beginnersoftwaredeveloper.com/completed-guide-vue-suspense-with-vue-suspense-examples/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This comprehensive guide goes over Vue Suspense. Vue Suspense allows
you to handle async components easily and provides a better user
experience while components are loading. To use Vue Suspense, you need
to define an async component, dynamically import it, and have Vue take
care of the rest. The guide gives detailed code examples in real-world
scenarios for clarity. 

INTERNALS OF ASYNC / AWAIT IN JAVASCRIPT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashhamirwasia.com/blog/internals-of-async-await-in-javascript/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In JavaScript, async and await are just wrappers over JavaScript‚Äôs
Promises API. To better understand how these two common keywords work,
this article implements async and await in JavaScript from scratch. It
provides code examples and explains how these keywords work under the
hood, such as showing how generators work. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE WORST PROGRAMMER I KNOW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dannorth.net/2023/09/02/the-worst-programmer/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Developer productivity metrics like lines of code are not always
accurate for senior engineers. Since senior engineers often spend more
time architecting designs and mentoring others, this leads to lower
lines of code output. However, senior engineers generally cause the
team overall to output more lines of code, so these metrics might be
better as a team-wide metric rather than an individual one. 

HOW TO BE THE MENTOR YOU WISH YOU HAD (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/how-to-be-the-mentor-you-wish-you?r=1nwcx&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web]

Mentorship is one of the biggest opportunities for career growth, both
as a mentor and mentee. As a mentor, there are a few actionable steps
you can take to both be an amazing mentor and also grow from the
experience. For example, you should build a career growth plan for
your mentee, make sure to validate their circumstances, and give
advice in a relatable, palatable way. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

COLA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nomad/cola?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Cola is a Conflict-free Replicated Data Type specialized for real-time
collaborative editing of plain text documents. It allows multiple
peers on a distributed network to concurrently edit the same text
document, making sure that they all converge to the same final state
without relying on a central server to coordinate the edits. 

MARADNS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/samboy/MaraDNS?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

MaraDNS is an open-source Domain Name System (DNS) server. It‚Äôs
implemented in C++ and can be run on any machine. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TECHNICAL METRICS TO TRACK IN ENGINEERING ORGS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.matt-rickard.com/p/technical-metrics-to-track-in-engineering?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

While it‚Äôs hard to get a measure of productivity in engineering
organizations, there are some technical metrics that can help track
productivity indirectly. These metrics include service uptime, the
number of flaky tests, developer ramping time, and code review timing.


HOW I BECAME A TECH CONFERENCE SPEAKER AND HOW YOU CAN TOO (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.eleftheriabatsou.com/how-i-became-a-tech-conference-speaker-as-a-newbie-how-you-can-do-it-too?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There‚Äôs no clear path to becoming a tech conference speaker. While
everyone‚Äôs journey is different, there are a few actionable steps
you can take to become one. First, you need to find a topic that you
enjoy talking about. Then, create an interesting presentation of the
topic. Finally, create a speaker profile on various conference
websites and apply when the time comes. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ASK HN: WHO WANTS TO BE HIRED? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37351665&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is the monthly Hacker News job thread where devs looking for a
new role can post their credentials for companies to look through. 

TYPESCRIPT TYPE SYSTEM HACKS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.matt-rickard.com/p/typescript-type-system-hacks?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Template literal types were introduced in TS 4.1, making it easy to do
string manipulation within the type system so that you can
concatenate, compare, and pattern-match types. 

GOOGLE PREEMPTIVELY BANNED HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF 'PIRATE' URLS LAST
YEAR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://torrentfreak.com/google-preemptively-banned-hundreds-of-millions-of-pirate-urls-last-year-230903/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google blocked hundreds of millions of URLs last year before they
appeared in the search engine. These preemptive takedowns are part of
a broader strategy that also deals with advertisements for streaming
piracy. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=0da3c59e-4afb-11ee-8d7f-b1a605641707&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693825279&t=1693825480&s=f124869c0f949d60cf838a1a4780419344dc3fc15e2d5a82df5e7909a03a51fe].