# Articles TLDR Web Dev 23-08-2023

Netflix stores millions of image files and other artwork to represent
their titles.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=aecf6452-418a-11ee-8976-1722aef8f154&pt=campaign&t=1692788633&s=909dbe6693fd382bdd8170d3ea2f9bd8df9e2218045082d8cbab8b5db6352a1f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Datadog]
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-monitoring-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-monitoring-best-practices]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-23

FRONTEND MONITORING ‚Äî BEST PRACTICES GUIDE BY DATADOG (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-monitoring-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-monitoring-best-practices]

Learn how to monitor three key aspects of your single-page apps to
help you optimize your users‚Äô experience.
Download the guide
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-monitoring-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-monitoring-best-practices]
to learn best practices for measuring:

‚Ü©Ô∏è¬†ROUTE CHANGES, to optimize page transitions

üôã‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è¬†USER INTERACTIONS, to ensure a smooth user experience

ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è¬†ERRORS, to catch and debug issues in the browser

Get the free PDF from Datadog üéÅ
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/frontend-monitoring-best-practices/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-monitoring-best-practices]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

AVA DISCOVERY VIEW: SURFACING AUTHENTIC MOMENTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://netflixtechblog.com/ava-discovery-view-surfacing-authentic-moments-b8cd145491cc?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Netflix stores millions of image files and other artwork to represent
their titles. Its assets are often created by selecting static image
frames directly from our source videos. To make this process easier,
Netflix created AVA, an internal tool that surfaces still frames from
video content. The tool provides an efficient way for creatives to
pull moments from video content that authentically represent the
title‚Äôs narrative themes, main characters, and visual
characteristics. 

TYPESCRIPT‚ÄôS GENERICS AND ADVANCED FUNCTION TYPES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.leanix.net/blog/typescript-generics-advanced-function-types/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a guide on how to create flexible and type-safe code
environments using Typescript features like generics and advanced
function types. Advanced function types help developers write robust
and flexible code that adheres to static typing and OOP principles,
through features like function overloading and optional, default, and
rest parameters. Generics allow developers to create components that
engage with various data types while preserving type information,
ensuring both type safety and code reusability. The guide provides
explanations and code examples of these concepts and also gives some
best practices and pitfalls to avoid. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE BROAD SET OF COMPUTER SCIENCE PROBLEMS FACED AT CLOUD DATABASE
COMPANIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidgomes.com/the-broad-set-of-computer-science-problems-faced-at-cloud-database-companies/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Databases are notoriously hard to build and they have complex problems
that are still being worked on today. Cloud-native databases are much
more common as data has become more valuable and data sizes get
larger. Building a cloud-native database adds another huge layer of
complexity to the already hard problem set of databases. For example,
it is expected that databases can scale up and down much more flexibly
in the cloud, but this is very hard to do in practice. 

CACHED TAKES: 80% OF COMPANIES DO NOT NEED SNOWFLAKE OR DATABRICKS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://kjhealey.medium.com/cached-takes-80-of-companies-do-not-need-snowflake-or-databricks-5ebda64c0853?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

80% of companies don‚Äôt need Snowflake and Databricks when there are
open source, free alternatives. The services that Snowflake and
Databricks provide are mainly for large companies that can actually
take advantage of all the tools provided. Instead, smaller companies
should identify inefficiencies and replace paid software with open
source software that mimics the core functionalities until there is a
need to upgrade. 

DEFAULT BEHAVIOR STICKS - AND SO DO EXAMPLES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.thinkst.com/2023/08/default-behaviour-sticks-and-so-do-examples.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Canarytokens is a security company that helps customers detect
intrusions by using Canarytokens: decoys that are placed on a
customer's network or systems. It recently realized that some of its
customers, due to an example in its documentation, were using the same
custom domain for their Canarytokens. This made the Canarytokens more
identifiable because attackers could simply look for domains that
matched the custom domain. To address this, Canarytokens will now show
multiple examples of custom domains to its customers. This will make
it more likely that customers will choose a unique custom domain for
their Canarytokens, which will make them more difficult for attackers
to identify. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GET A FREE DOMAIN FOR YOUR PERSONAL WEBSITE OR PORTFOLIO (SPONSOR)
[https://porkbun.com/land/dot-pro-domain-name-registration?coupon=DOTPROFREE2&utm_source=DevMedia&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=DevMedia2023]

Need a place to showcase your digital portfolio? Now you can get a
free .pro domain to host proof of your growing web dev skills and
experience. Get your .pro domain name FREE
[https://porkbun.com/land/dot-pro-domain-name-registration?coupon=DOTPROFREE2&utm_source=DevMedia&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=DevMedia2023]
for the first year from Porkbun, and show the world what you can do.
Includes WHOIS privacy protection, free SSL, and a free trial for web
hosting and email. Claim your offer here
[https://porkbun.com/land/dot-pro-domain-name-registration?coupon=DOTPROFREE2&utm_source=DevMedia&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=DevMedia2023]


VISUAL DB (WEBSITE) [https://visualdb.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Visual DB is an Airtable alternative. It allows developers to
effortlessly create forms and sheets to enter data. Visual DB can
display up to 100,000 records at a time. 

PRETTYMAPP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chrieke/prettymapp?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Prettymapp is a web app and Python package to create beautiful maps
from OpenStreetMap data. It provides a simple API to create maps with
a focus on implementation speed. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ELON MUSK‚ÄôS SHADOW RULE (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2023/08/28/elon-musks-shadow-rule?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Elon Musk, the world‚Äôs richest man, has controlling stakes in Tesla,
SpaceX, and Starlink. These three companies have moved their
respective industries so far forward that governments depend on them.
For example, Tesla‚Äôs charging infrastructure plays a role in the US
government‚Äôs push toward clean energy. NASA almost solely uses
SpaceX rockets now. Starlink has played a role in the Russia-Ukraine
war. This article delves into how Elon Musk is not just a key player
in technology anymore, but inadvertently a geopolitical player by
himself due to the level of influence he has through his companies.
This has been further shown by Musk‚Äôs purchase of Twitter, through
which he has a social media platform where a lot of online discourse
and political information disseminates. 

AN OVERVIEW OF GOOGLE‚ÄôS AI PRODUCT STRATEGY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/aisupremacy/p/an-overview-of-googles-ai-product?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google Gemini, a new family of large language models that aims to
rival OpenAI's ChatGPT, is rumored to be released soon. In the
meantime, Google is integrating AI into many of its products including
Search with the Search Generative Experience. On the application
layer, Google is working on Duet AI, which is the name for the
intelligent assistant that is being deployed throughout a number of
enterprise and developer-focused tools, with corresponding
capabilities for each set of use cases. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COOKIES VS LOCAL STORAGE IN JAVASCRIPT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/diwakarkashyap/cookies-vs-local-storage-in-javascript-3m0h?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Both cookies and Local Storage are ways to store client-side data in
the browser, but each has different purposes based on your web app‚Äôs
needs. 

UNDERSTANDING KUBERNETES THROUGH VMS (X THREAD)
[https://x.com/iximiuz/status/1692917272145219849?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This thread explains Kubernetes through a series of deployment
evolutions, starting with VMs, to docked containers, then to
Kubernetes pods. It discusses how each evolution of deployment works,
challenges, and how they are addressed with the next evolution. 

DEVELOPERS ARE NOW USING AI FOR TEXT-TO-MUSIC APPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/21/developers-are-now-using-ai-for-text-to-music-apps/amp/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

People have used large language models to mold text in different ways,
ranging from writing emails to summarizing articles. Developers are
now looking to help people generate bits of music by just typing some
words. 

ADOBE CO-FOUNDER WARNOCK DIES (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/news/story/adobe-co-founder-warnock-dies-5413241/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Adobe co-founder and former CEO John Warnock has died at the age of
82. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=aecf6452-418a-11ee-8976-1722aef8f154&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692788421&t=1692788633&s=6fb656ba6832f1dcc1f57c8af4aa02c46669b7c8f76b393f1dbb8e9be3dd5134].