# Articles TLDR Web Dev 24-05-2023

Integrating Generative AI to your product is a key trend companies
need to follow to stay relevant.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=48855798-fa17-11ed-b93b-1fef0ca393f8&pt=campaign&t=1684927404&s=0c4013ea81290a0aaa97ec35d1e761af9fd947d5081a23d45ab9b8994c378a45]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-24

INCIDENT MANAGEMENT BUILT TO SCALE (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR] 

Reduce manual work, get everyone on the same page, and improve time to
resolution with a fully-customizable platform that works with all the
tools you love.
With FireHydrant, you can:

	*
Kickoff and manage incidents without leaving Slack

	*
Instantly assemble the right people and information

	*
Eliminate guesswork for responders

	*
Streamline internal and external communications

	*
Auto-capture incident data for more efficient retros

Join thousands of reliability-obsessed engineers - get started at
firehydrant.com/tldr [http://firehydrant.com/tldr] or watch our 4
minute demo [https://firehydrant.com/4min-demo/].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

UX BEST PRACTICES FOR DEVELOPERS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://bit.ly/3q6jubZ] 

User experience is an essential aspect of any website or application.
Developers play a huge role in building a positive user experience. As
a web developer, it‚Äôs good to understand the principles of UX and
how to apply them to your designs. This article will provide a
comprehensive guide to UX for web developers, including best
practices, tips, and tricks to create a user-friendly website. 

KEEP ‚ÄòEM SEPARATED: GET BETTER MAINTAINABILITY IN WEB PROJECTS USING
THE MODEL-VIEW-CONTROLLER PATTERN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/17/keep-em-separated-get-better-maintainability-in-web-projects-using-the-model-view-controller-pattern/]


MVC (model-view-controller) architecture is a popular design pattern
in modern applications. This blog post explains how you can use MVC on
the web, such as using controllers to respond to HTTP requests or
models to hold state and views to render data. It also talks about
common pitfalls in using MVC, such as having controllers that are too
heavily loaded or views that are too complex. 

HOW LARGE DOM SIZES AFFECT INTERACTIVITY, AND WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT
(7 MINUTE READ) [https://web.dev/dom-size-and-interactivity/] 

INP (Interaction to paint time) is a key performance metric for
websites, and it is largely impacted by DOM sizes. This is a deep dive
of how DOM sizes affect performance. It teaches developers how to see
the DOM elements associated with an interaction and provides
strategies for simplifying your DOM size to improve site performance. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW NOT TO ADD AI TO YOUR PRODUCT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fillout.com/blog/how-not-to-add-ai-to-your-product?utm_source=bensbites&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=regulating-ai-all-over-the-world]


Integrating Generative AI to your product is a key trend companies
need to follow to stay relevant. Fillout is one of the first companies
to integrate LLMs to their form builder, even before ChatGPT came out.
Unfortunately, almost all users who tried their AI integrated
onboarding flow churned - and they explain why it happened in this
blog post. 

DEVEX: WHAT ACTUALLY DRIVES PRODUCTIVITY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=3595878] 

Knowing how to measure or even define developer productivity has
remained elusive. Today, many organizations aiming to improve
developer productivity are finding that a new developer-centric
approach focused on developer experience (DevEx) unlocks valuable
insights and opportunities. This paper provides a practical framework
for understanding DevEx and presents a measurement framework that
combines feedback from developers with data about the engineering
systems they interact with. These two frameworks provide leaders with
clear, actionable insights into what to measure and where to focus in
order to improve developer productivity. 

HOW OFTEN SHOULD YOU BE REFACTORING AS A SOFTWARE ENGINEER? (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-often-should-you-be-refactoring-as-a-software-engineer-d36320e6a733]


Time management (deciding what to work on and how long you and your
team should work on it) is extremely important for software engineers.
Your decisions around when and how often to refactor your codebase can
significantly impact how quickly, or regularly, you deliver key
features to your end users. This article introduces a method for
analyzing when to refactor and breaks down how to balance that with
delivering key features. Timely refactoring will ultimately help with
hitting deadlines. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DB-GPT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/csunny/DB-GPT] 

DB-GPT is an experimental open-source project that uses localized GPT
large models to interact with your data and environment. With this
solution, there is no risk of data leakage, and your data is 100%
private and secure. DB-GPT has multiple key features, like SQL
language capabilities, database knowledge Q&A, plugin support, data
processing, and support of multiple local LLMs like Vicuna. 

OPENCOMMIT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/di-sukharev/opencommit] 

OpenCommit allows you to auto-generate impressive commits with AI in 1
second. It is available as a GitHub Action which automatically
improves all new commit messages when you push to remote. 

GPT-CODE UI (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/ricklamers/gpt-code-ui] 

GPT-Code UI is an open-source implementation of OpenAI‚Äôs ChatGPT
code interpreter. It has various features, including file upload, file
download, context awareness, code generation, and model switching
between GPT-3.5 and GPT-4. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IS 20M OF ROWS STILL A VALID SOFT LIMIT OF MYSQL TABLES IN 2023?
[https://yishenggong.com/2023/05/22/is-20m-of-rows-still-a-valid-soft-limit-of-mysql-table-in-2023/]


There's a rumor around the internet that we should avoid having >20M
rows in a single MySQL table. Otherwise, the table‚Äôs performance
will be downgraded, and you will find SQL queries much slower than
usual when it‚Äôs above the soft limit. However, These judgments were
made on HDDs many years ago. The author of this article tests these
assumptions again on an SSD and finds that the rumor is no longer
valid due to the speed of I/O today. This article offers up some tips
on how to see when performance will start degrading in a database,
such as keeping tabs on the query runtime/buffer pool hit rate. 

HOW GITHUB COPILOT IS GETTING BETTER AT UNDERSTANDING YOUR CODE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-05-17-how-github-copilot-is-getting-better-at-understanding-your-code/]


This blog post is a journey of how GitHub Copilot started and got to
where it is today. It explains how Copilot works through prompt
engineering and neighboring tabs, which is a technique that allows
Copilot to process all the files in the IDE to appropriately pass as
context to the LLM. Now, Copilot is experimenting with vector
databases to provide customized coding experiences for developers
working on proprietary code. The authors explain their architecture
and algorithm in the blog post. 

MESSENGER DESKTOP: FASTER AND SMALLER BY MOVING TO REACT NATIVE FROM
ELECTRON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2023/05/17/messenger-desktop-faster-and-smaller-by-moving-to-react-native-from-electron/]


The Facebook team tested the idea of using React Native for their
desktop application in 2021 and the results were intriguing. Now,
they‚Äôve officially transitioned Messenger Desktop from Electron to
React Native. This article discusses the wins and challenges they
faced along the way. Some wins include the app loading time being
reduced by 50 percent for a majority of desktop users and the final
binary size being reduced by over 100 MB for both the MacOS and
Windows applications. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OPTIMIZE INPUT DELAY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/optimize-input-delay/] 

Input delay is the period of time beginning from when the user first
interacts with a page up to when the event callbacks for the
interaction begin to run. Every interaction will begin with some
amount of input delay, so minimizing this delay will be helpful to the
performance of your website. 

MEMORY ALLOCATION (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://samwho.dev/memory-allocation/] 

A guide to the basics of memory allocation and how to allocate memory
effectively in your own programs. 

NODE.JS 14 AND 16 ARE BEING DEPRECATED IN AUGUST 2023 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://vercel.com/changelog/node-js-14-and-16-are-being-deprecated] 

Vercel is announcing the deprecation of Node.js 14 and 16, which will
be discontinued on August 15. Node.js 14 reached its official end of
life on April 30th. Node.js 16 will reach its official end of life on
September 11. 

SUCCESS TO THE SUCCESSFUL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://riskmusings.substack.com/p/success-to-the-successful] 

Archetypes are common patterns that drive behavior in many situations.
One of the most salient archetypes of our current period is called
‚Äúsuccess to the successful,‚Äù where the successful continue reaping
more and more success. The author goes through a few examples of this
archetype, such as in the public markets using FAANG companies as an
example. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=48855798-fa17-11ed-b93b-1fef0ca393f8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684926023&t=1684927404&s=7b87a8a218b1225dd440d2dcaf3f0f59ed4147378d705259c6d52f94f90dda2e].


¬†