# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-09-2023

Suspense provides a way to make components more asynchronous¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=21eee1e8-5602-11ee-8819-d13c393587bc&pt=campaign&t=1695035633&s=b13ef9d20bf6aaec6fcd8854872d16d66e32edd521cbcb2dc2c92a165e8fa3fc]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-18

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

REACT SUSPENSE IN THREE DIFFERENT ARCHITECTURES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://elanmed.dev/blog/suspense-in-different-architectures?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Suspense provides a way to make components more asynchronous and able
to wait for some condition (such as loading content from the server)
before they render without affecting the rest of the page. However,
the advantages Suspense can bring depend significantly on your app's
architecture. This article takes a look at the three most common
rendering architectures today (client-side rendering, server-side
rendering, and server components) and how React Suspense can play a
role. 

USE YOUR DATABASE TO POWER STATE MACHINES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.lawrencejones.dev/state-machines/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article explains how to take the concept of a state machine and
have it work alongside your database models, leveraging your
relational database (say Postgres or MySQL) to help you build
concurrent-safe and efficient software. Knowing how to do this is
useful for a variety of use cases, such as processing bank statements.
The article goes over implementing such a state machine in a payment
processor with code examples. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW SMALL SOFTWARE TEAMS OUTPERFORM THE COMPETITION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/how-small-software-teams-outperform?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Small software teams are more common in 2023 due to tech layoffs.
However, there are five common factors that allow these teams to
outperform their competition, such as keeping things simple, reusing
code liberally, and having a clear vision in mind. This article uses
ChatGPT, Bun, and indie hackers as clear examples. It also delves into
actionable takeaways for software engineers, who can benefit from the
lessons learned from small teams shipping fast. 

HOW TO LAND THE MANAGER-TO-IC PIVOT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/09/13/how-to-land-the-manager-to-ic-pivot/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article gives advice on the manager-to-individual contributor
transition with a story of how Kristina Lung, Stack Overflow‚Äôs
former director of product design, transitioned to an IC developer. It
also points out a few things you should consider before making the
pivot, such as clarifying the reason for the pivot, not assuming
transitioning will tank your career, and communicating with your
manager before looking for another role. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

V0.DEV (WEBSITE) [https://v0.dev/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

v0.dev is a website that allows you to create copy-pastable, styled
frontend components with just natural language. Basically, it‚Äôs AI
for React components. v0 is currently in private alpha, but there are
multiple example components available to everyone for free. 

SCHADCN-UI IN VUE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/radix-vue/shadcn-vue] 

Schadcn-ui is a repository of beautifully designed components that you
can copy and paste into your apps. It‚Äôs accessible, customizable,
and fully open-source. This repository provides the Vue version of the
original React version. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW ARE CONSUMERS USING GENERATIVE AI? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/how-are-consumers-using-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article looks into how consumers are using GenAI using web and
app traffic data with 6 main takeaways. Some interesting facts are:
80% of the the top 50 traffic sites were built within the last year;
LLM assistants are dominating, but companionship and creative tools
are starting to drive significant usage; most categories have less
than 2x gap between the #1 and #2 players, meaning most categories are
still up for grabs. 

NO SACRED MASTERPIECES (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://basta.substack.com/p/no-sacred-masterpieces?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


An engineer working for Uber created some amazing things for their
team that were just thrown away a year or two later due to an
acquisition. This story shows the importance of engineers not getting
too attached to the code they wrote, as most of the time, it may be
deprecated or rewritten. Engineers solve the problems they have at the
time. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CATALA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/CatalaLang/catala?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Catala is a domain-specific language for deriving
faithful-by-construction algorithms from legislative texts. 

HUSH (WEBSITE) [https://oblador.github.io/hush/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Block nags to accept cookies and privacy-invasive tracking in Safari
on Mac, iPhone, and iPad. 

S32 UNIX CLOCK (WEBSITE)
[https://retr0.id/stuff/2038/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A hexadecimal clock that counts down until Unix time hits the 2038
problem - a time formatting bug in computer systems representing times
after 03:14:07 UTC on 19 January 2038. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=21eee1e8-5602-11ee-8819-d13c393587bc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695034817&t=1695035633&s=68850e64f470a72c57bd797ec036f86df8b14b4d12129b4d2e8bcf62e7943e80].