# Articles TLDR Web Dev 21-07-2023

The top 8 most demanded programming languages in 2023 are
JavaScript/Typescript, Python, Java, C#, PHP, C/C++, Ruby, and Go.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f5192718-2795-11ee-9731-bb6fc5e8e33e&pt=campaign&t=1689937438&s=c08edd77035706d6ed9c7c39809295d0e19032b14acf2b910ff976115d34345f]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-21

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT FACTOR THAT DIFFERENTIATES FRONT-END
FRAMEWORKS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://themer.dev/blog/the-single-most-important-factor-that-differentiates-front-end-frameworks]

The main problem front-end frameworks set out to solve is change
detection, meaning detecting changes to application state so that the
UI can be updated accordingly. This article dives deep into how each
framework (React, Angular, Vue, and Svelte) tackles change detection.
For example, React‚Äôs change detection is straightforward, while
Angular‚Äôs change detection is a disaster. 

HOW TO BUILD A ROUTING LAYER IN REACT AND WHY YOU NEED IT (12 MINUTE
READ) [https://semaphoreci.com/blog/routing-layer-react]

Routing refers to the process of navigating between different pages
without triggering a full page reload. Adding a routing layer to your
application keeps all the routing logic in one place and brings
several benefits to your architecture while making your codebase more
maintainable. This article explains how to implement a routing layer
and what to do when your React app‚Äôs codebase grows large. 

DESIGNING APIS FOR HUMANS: DESIGN PATTERNS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/stripe/designing-apis-for-humans-design-patterns-5847?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email]

APIs are interesting because of how much they can make or break a
product. Having a product that‚Äôs amazing but an API that‚Äôs
incomplete, difficult to work with, or outright confusing means that
the vast majority of your users might never discover how great your
product really is. This article will help you avoid that by exploring
the role design patterns play. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHY DID META OPEN-SOURCE LLAMA 2? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.primoh.net/p/4-reasons-why-meta-is-all-in-on-open]

This article presents an in-depth analysis on why Meta made Llama 2's
weights commercially available. Llama 2's license provides hints to
Meta's goals: it prevents Llama materials from being used to improve
other models and forces big tech competitors with more than 700
million monthly active users to request a license from Meta. This
suggests Llama 2 was open-sourced to reduce competitor moats, retain
AI talent, attract more users and developers, and act as a marketing
tool. 

THE PROBLEM WITH VELOCITY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notonlycode.org/velocity/]

Velocity is one of the most common metrics in software development,
but it is very often misused. This article explains what the process
managers get wrong and how to actually use velocity to the benefit of
the whole organization. The actual value of measuring velocity is in
predictability, not productivity. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

TWENTY (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/twentyhq/twenty]

Twenty is an open source CRM designed to be enjoyable to use, easily
extendable, and perfectly in-sync with your data. 

TYPECHAT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/microsoft/TypeChat]

TypeChat is a library that makes it easy to build natural language
interfaces using types. Simply define types that represent the intents
supported in your natural language application. 

FASTIFY (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/fastify/fastify]

Fastify is a web framework highly focused on providing the best
developer experience with the least amount of overhead and a powerful
plugin architecture. It is inspired by Hapi and Express and, as far as
we know, it is one of the fastest web frameworks in town. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TEACHING PROGRAMMING IN THE AGE OF CHATGPT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oreilly.com/radar/teaching-programming-in-the-age-of-chatgpt/]

This article presents the first empirical study that gathers
instructor perspectives about the AI coding tools that more and more
students will likely have access to in the future. In the short-term,
professors are worried about cheating, leading to weighing exam scores
more, banning the use of AI tools, and more. In the longer-term, some
instructors want to resist the use of AI coding tools in the future by
creating AI-proof assignments or paper/oral/video/image-based exams.
Another set of instructors want to integrate AI tools into their
classes instead, using AI to give personalized help to students and
having students work collaboratively with AI on open-ended
assignments. 

THE PAST, THE PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF AUTHENTICATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/technology/safety-security/the-past-present-and-future-of-authentication/amp/]

Traditional forms of authentication, like passwords, have proven to be
hard to use securely or administer safely. Google has long supported
the industry's attempts to advance security using new technologies.
That‚Äôs why they introduced passkeys and officially rolled out
support for passkeys across Google Accounts. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TOP 8 MOST DEMANDED PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES IN 2023 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.devjobsscanner.com/blog/top-8-most-demanded-programming-languages/]

The top 8 most demanded programming languages in 2023 are
JavaScript/Typescript, Python, Java, C#, PHP, C/C++, Ruby, and Go. 

STACK OVERFLOW ARCHITECTURE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.techworld-with-milan.com/p/stack-overflow-architecture]

Stack Overflow handles more than 6,000 requests per second and 2
billion page views per month. They manage to render a page in about 12
milliseconds. This article deep dives into the details of their
architecture so you can see how they accomplish this. 

6 LOW CODE TOOLS THAT WILL MAKE YOU A BETTER FRONTEND DEVELOPER (5
MINUTE READ) [https://www.permit.io/blog/frontend-low-code-tools]

Discover these low-code tools to enhance your frontend development
skills and deliver higher-quality products and features faster. 

HOW TO USE CHATGPT AS YOUR PERSONAL JAVASCRIPT TUTOR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/how-to-use-chatgpt-as-your-personal-javascript-tutor-d2ec48e8f49e]

Learn how to use ChatGPT to get better at writing JavaScript. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f5192718-2795-11ee-9731-bb6fc5e8e33e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689937225&t=1689937438&s=45abc335eb0d8df47edbe903b483c292c7cf6ec91b40b2a21d44f21bcf7c6e77].