# Articles TLDR Web Dev 20-06-2023

Canva stores more than 230 Petabytes of data from its production
environments in Amazon S3¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3dffa236-0f40-11ee-b5df-b1d62c64aefd&pt=campaign&t=1687259597&s=3e773d98d6738c0b80dec4da7b942a562ebb42bfe5e15b05041222e59add228a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-20

TURN EVERY ENGINEER INTO A SUPERHERO (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

Make lightning-fast incident response your team's superpower.
FireHydrant [https://firehydrant.com/] helps you easily assign roles
and tasks to responders, pull service owners into the fold, and keep
everyone informed along the way.
With FireHydrant, you can:

	*
Kickoff and manage incidents without leaving Slack

	*
Instantly assemble the right people and information

	*
Eliminate guesswork for responders

	*
Streamline internal and external communications

	*
Auto-capture incident data for more efficient retros

See how companies like Spotify, 1Password, and Snyk drive reliability
- get started at firehydrant.com/tldr [http://firehydrant.com/tldr] or
watch our 4 minute demo [https://firehydrant.com/4min-demo/].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW CANVA SAVES MILLIONS ANNUALLY IN AMAZON S3 COSTS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.canva.dev/blog/engineering/optimising-s3-savings/]

Canva stores more than 230 Petabytes of data from its production
environments in Amazon S3, with the single largest S3 bucket coming in
at a whopping 45 Petabytes. In this blog post, Canva‚Äôs engineering
team dives into how they have visibility over these vast quantities of
data and how moving large amounts of this data to Amazon S3 Glacier
Instant Retrieval met their use cases and saved them millions of
dollars annually. The team analyzed the usage of various pieces of
data in their system and identified what kinds of data worked best to
be moved off of the main S3 bucket. These data use cases included log
retrieval and backups. As a result of these changes, Canva saves over
$3.6 million annually. 

TYPESCRIPT 5.2'S NEW KEYWORD: 'USING' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.totaltypescript.com/typescript-5-2-new-keyword-using]

TypeScript 5.2 will introduce a new keyword - 'using' - that can be
used to dispose of anything with a Symbol.dispose function when it
leaves scope. The ‚Äòusing‚Äô keyword will be extremely useful for
managing resources like file handles, database connections, and more.
This article goes through various use cases with detailed explanations
and code examples. 

HOW TO CREATE A MULTI-REGION NODE.JS LAMBDA API (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/tutorial-how-to-create-a-multi-region-node-js-lambda-api/]

This article shows how to build a multi-region Node.js Lambda API
using Serverless Framework and pair it with a serverless multi-region
CockroachDB database. Both CockroachDB Serverless and AWS Lambda
operate on a pay-as-you-go basis, making this pairing a cost-effective
solution for serving data to end users fast, no matter where in the
world they may be. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

AN INCOMPLETE LIST OF SKILLS SENIOR ENGINEERS NEED BEYOND CODING (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/addyosmani_softwareengineering-programming-growth-activity-7075906286332088320-O_yE/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop]

Addy Osmani, the head of Google Chrome‚Äôs developer experience team,
lists some skills that senior engineers need beyond coding. These
include knowing how to write a proper design doc, how to influence
other teams, and more. 

6 LESSONS FROM LAID-OFF TECH WORKERS ABOUT FINDING A NEW JOB (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90907303/6-lessons-from-laid-off-tech-workers-about-finding-a-new-job]

Being laid-off and subsequently finding a new job is incredibly
difficult. This article explores the experiences of 5 tech workers who
experienced layoffs and eventually found their next career
destination. The lessons they learned along the way are compiled into
6 noteworthy points that can help you too. 

HOW TO REDUCE COMMUNICATION GAPS AT WORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/how-to-reduce-communication-gaps-at-work]

Effective communication is a key ingredient to working together,
advancing your career, and making work a happy experience. When
communication breaks down at work, time is wasted in filling gaps in
alignment and expectations, and less time is used in productive work.
This article will help you to avoid the pitfalls of poor communication
so that you and your teams can function at their best. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

OPENLLM (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/bentoml/OpenLLM]

OpenLLM is an open platform for operating large language models (LLMs)
in production. It allows developers to fine-tune, serve, deploy, and
monitor any LLMs with ease. OpenLLM comes with support for
state-of-the-art LLMs, flexible APIs, first-class support for services
like LangChain and HuggingFace, streamlined deployment, and more. 

SKETCH.SYSTEMS (WEBSITE) [https://sketch.systems/]

Sketch.systems helps software designers think about complex product
behavior. Software creators can sketch out states, add prototypes, and
clarify questions quickly. It‚Äôs also free. 

CHERRYBOMB (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/blst-security/cherrybomb]

Cherrybomb is a CLI tool written in Rust that helps prevent incorrect
code implementation early in development. It works by validating and
testing your API using an OpenAPI file. If any problems are found,
Cherrybomb gives you a detailed report with the exact location of the
problem so you can fix it easily. Its main goal is to reduce security
errors and ensure your API functions as intended. 

UPSKILL DURING YOUR COFFEE BREAK. TRY¬†BRILLIANT‚ÄôS BITE-SIZED
INTERACTIVE LESSONS FOR FREE (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/TLDRWebDev/]

You‚Äôll be shocked at what you can achieve in 15 daily minutes.
Brilliant‚Äôs guided interactive problem solving is the best way to
upgrade your brain‚Äôs OS [https://brilliant.org/TLDRWebDev/].
üí™ Flex your analytical thinking

üéì Master new skills

üöÄ Level up your career

10M+ people already agree. Try¬†Brilliant¬†free for 30 days
[https://brilliant.org/TLDRWebDev/].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE WORK-FROM-HOME FUTURE IS DESTROYING BOSSES' BRAINS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://wheresyoured.at/p/the-work-from-home-future-is-destroying]

The article discusses the challenges and anxieties executives face due
to the shift towards remote work. It argues that traditional full-time
employment often involves an expectation of ownership over the
employee's time, which is disrupted by remote work. The shift to
remote work is seen as threatening to the corporate structure as it
devalues the role of middle management and exposes organizational
dysfunctions. The return to office move is more of a corporate power
move rather than a productivity move. 

OUR LESSONS FROM THE LATEST AWS US-EAST-1 OUTAGE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://onlineornot.com/our-lessons-from-the-latest-us-east-1-outage]

On June 13th of 2023, AWS experienced an outage on their AWS Lambda
APIs in the us-east-1 region. This retrospective article takes a look
at the problems this caused for one company and the measures they took
to fix the problem and protect their infrastructure going forward. 

THE REDDIT BLACKOUT IS A LESSON IN RISK MANAGEMENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/theaccordance/the-reddit-blackout-is-a-lesson-in-risk-k5e]

The Reddit API is not a public good and developers shouldn‚Äôt feel
entitled to freely access it. While the API resource may not have cost
developers anything in the past, it has been an ongoing cost for
Reddit. As we progress through tougher economic times, we should
expect less free things from the internet subsidized by venture
capital money fueling growth as companies are expected to start
turning a profit sooner (Reddit is still not profitable almost two
decades after launch). Devs should take into account the fact that
platform risk exists as a form of risk management when developing on a
free API or platform. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BUILD (THROWAWAY) PROTOTYPES (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7076200608407396352/]

Many great software engineers and software architects build quick,
throwaway prototypes to prove their point and showcase their ideas. It
is much easier to reason about concrete code than abstract ideas. 

I DON‚ÄôT NEED YOUR QUERY LANGUAGE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://antonz.org/fancy-ql/]

This article makes a strong case for why we should consider just
sticking with SQL. 

TOLGEE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/tolgee/tolgee-platform]

Tolgee is a developer & translator friendly web-based localization
platform. It comes with a host of features, such as in-context
translation, translation memory, one-click screenshots, and more. It
also has integrations for all major JS frameworks, like React,
Angular, and Next.js. 

WHAT I LEARNED FROM TWO YEARS OF TEACHING HIGH SCHOOL CS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.charliemeyer.co/what-i-learned-from-two-years-of-teaching-high-school-cs/]

A high school teacher‚Äôs retrospective on teaching Computer Science.
He found that for teaching computer science, there is no one size fits
all solution. Students have distinct interests and we need to find
ways for students to explore CS content through the lens of what
interests them. 

HOW TO STREAMLINE YOUR FILE UPLOAD PROCESS IN EXPRESS.JS WITH MULTER
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/simplify-your-file-upload-process-in-express-js/]

File uploading is a common requirement in web development projects.
But handling file uploads in Node.js can be complex and
time-consuming. That's where Multer comes in. This article will teach
you how to leverage the power of Multer to streamline your file upload
process. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3dffa236-0f40-11ee-b5df-b1d62c64aefd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687258834&t=1687259597&s=f280cf71b3fefd5c5825eca33525b2b4fd586d252db7a9fa4c6c4ab7783b7278].