# Articles TLDR Web Dev 26-10-2023

The new React documentation has some key points that help developers
write more efficient and maintainable React code.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=6beb35ea-73ca-11ee-8cd7-092e00e39572&pt=campaign&t=1698318208&s=20b73b298f4fa18c7ff35260bc085dddabafadb81a368541d2729c86ec34a7fe]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-26

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 THE NINE BEST RECOMMENDATIONS IN THE NEW REACT DOCS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.testdouble.com/posts/2023-10-16-react-docs-recommendations/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The new React documentation has some key points that help developers
write more efficient and maintainable React code. This article
highlights the key points, such as using stable identifiers as keys in
loops, defining components at the top level of files/modules,
optimizing state storage, and when to use caching with useMemo,
useCallback, or React.memo. It also touches on writing code in
response to prop changes, data fetching using libraries, event
handling in event handlers instead of useEffect, and preventing
unwanted rerenders. 

 MAXJOURNEY: PUSHING DISCORD‚ÄôS LIMITS WITH A MILLION+ ONLINE USERS
IN A SINGLE SERVER (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://discord.com/blog/maxjourney-pushing-discords-limits-with-a-million-plus-online-users-in-a-single-server?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Discord scaled individual Discord servers from tens of thousands of
concurrent users to approaching two million concurrent users in the
past few years. It started with understanding what the servers are
spending time and RAM on by doing wall time and process heap map
analysis. Through these, it found that many processes were being used
for passive sessions, which are sessions where users didn‚Äôt click
into the channel. It also built a system called ‚Äúrelays‚Äù that can
split sessions and work across multiple processes. Lastly, to keep
servers responsive, it focused more on operations that have high
per-call durations rather than high total durations. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 6 SKILLS REQUIRED TO BE A SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/levelupsoftwareengineering/p/6-skills-required-to-be-a-senior?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 There are some crucial skills required to be a senior software
engineer, such as mastering data modeling, understanding asynchronous
systems and message queues, learning auto-scaling for infrastructure,
gaining expertise in cloud technologies like AWS and Azure,
implementing caching effectively, and solving issues related to
concurrency and idempotency in distributed systems. These skills are
essential for handling complex projects and standing out in your
career as a senior software engineer. 

 ADVICE TO A NOVICE PROGRAMMER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.plover.com/prog/katara-advice.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 A software engineer provides advice about the importance of
minimizing friction in the development process by using suitable tools
like VSCode from the beginning and suggests setting aside time for
familiarization. He emphasizes the significance of clear code naming,
avoiding shortcuts, and optimizing for readability, as well as the
benefits of code organization and refactoring. It‚Äôs important to
keep checkpoints as you work using your version control system, eg.
Git. 

 15 PRINCIPLES FOR MANAGING UP (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.weskao.com/p/15-principles-for-managing-up?r=1nwcx&utm_campaign=post&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Managing up is a crucial skill that involves influencing your
managers by being proactive, providing concise information, sharing
your thought process, highlighting potential problems, and offering
solutions rather than complaints. Managing up is not limited to junior
roles. It's a skill needed at all career stages, even for senior
leaders and executives who also ‚Äúmanage up‚Äù themselves. Effective
communication and keeping your manager informed are key, and
over-communication can be appropriate when building trust. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 INCOGNI: AUTOMATED OPT-OUT FROM ONLINE DATA BROKERS (SPONSOR)
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102b5f514aa093c430f748a755d216&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=webdev1026&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]


 Brokers sell your data
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102b5f514aa093c430f748a755d216&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=webdev1026&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]
to adtech companies, insurers, and identity thieves. To opt out
completely, you‚Äôd need to spend 304 hours (on average) filing manual
individual data removal requests.
Save time and protect your data privacy with Incogni
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102b5f514aa093c430f748a755d216&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=webdev1026&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]
‚Äî an¬†automated service that helps remove your sensitive information
from all broker types
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter2].

Start with a 50% discount for TLDR readers
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102b5f514aa093c430f748a755d216&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=webdev1026&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]

 OPENAPI DEVTOOLS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/AndrewWalsh/openapi-devtools?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 OpenAPI DevTools is a Chrome extension that generates OpenAPI 3.1
specifications in real time from network requests. It adds a dedicated
tab to Chrome DevTools, enabling users to effortlessly create OpenAPI
specifications for websites or applications. The extension
automatically merges request and response headers, bodies, and query
parameters for each endpoint and allows users to view and download the
specification. 

 REACTAGENT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/eylonmiz/react-agent?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 ReactAgent is an experimental AI agent powered by GPT-4. It generates
and composes React components based on user stories utilizing a local
design system and adheres to Atomic Design Principles. ReactAgent tool
uses React, TailwindCSS, Typescript, Radix UI, Shandcn UI, and the
OpenAI API. 

 SELECT ELEMENT: NOW WITH HORIZONTAL RULES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/hr-in-select/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 The select element in HTML now supports adding hr (horizontal rule)
elements into the list of select options. The rules will show up as
separators and provide a better user experience by visually breaking
up options in the ‚Äòselect‚Äô list. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY I THINK GCP IS BETTER THAN AWS (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://nandovillalba.medium.com/why-i-think-gcp-is-better-than-aws-ea78f9975bda?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 This article compares GCP and AWS on multiple fronts, including
command-line tools, the web user interface, specific products offered,
and more. For example, GCP has fewer products than AWS, but the ones
it has feel more complete and well-integrated with the rest of the
ecosystem. 

 BUILDING A GLOBAL DEPLOYMENT PLATFORM IS HARD, HERE IS WHY (20 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.koyeb.com/blog/building-a-global-deployment-platform-is-hard-here-is-why?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Building a multi-region deployment engine for global operations comes
with many challenges, such as orchestrating deployments, securing
traffic, ensuring low latency, and managing the networking layer. This
article outlines the architectural components of the deployment engine
the authors created and highlights the need for a future-proof
architecture that allows for continuous improvement and gradual
migration of components to continental clusters. There are also
non-tech issues to deal with, such as compliance with European data
laws. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 ASK HN: PG'S 'DO THINGS THAT DON'T SCALE' MANUAL EXAMPLES? (HACKER
NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=38010992&utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 A Hacker News commenter asks for examples of startups doing things
that don‚Äôt scale. Hacker News users respond with examples and
anecdotes from their own professional life. 

 SERVER ACTIONS ARE NOW IN REACT CANARY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://react.statuscode.com/link/146848/342a2acd6e?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Server Actions are now available in React Canary. These are functions
created alongside your components that run on the server for tasks
like data mutations. 

 BAD LICENSES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ErikMcClure/bad-licenses?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 A compendium of poorly written or absurd open-source licenses. 

 A CSS PROPERTY FOR CREATING DEPTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://geoffgraham.me/a-css-property-for-creating-depth/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Depth is hard to implement in CSS. This article proposes a possible
solution. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=6beb35ea-73ca-11ee-8cd7-092e00e39572&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698318020&t=1698318208&s=01d99ee072380620d38ef4f9ff62c9d88ea0b6c198a62fc1613a1620078c34d6].