# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-08-2023

Collaboration is a hard but necessary aspect of working in teams.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c082b5a8-457e-11ee-a3be-11c4d387444d&pt=campaign&t=1693220624&s=93bb36f837a1d0f85ae39719ba493281e1957f9b00e7f5d864c64c2d61cd44cf]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Pluralsight]
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-28

THE NO-FLUFF, NO-BS GUIDE TO DATA-DRIVEN ENGINEERING TRANSFORMATION
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828]

Tired of platitude-filled webinars and abstract opinion pieces?

Join Pluralsight Flow
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828]
for this 6-part mini series
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828],
where you‚Äôll learn battle-tested ways to Increase engineering
productivity ‚Äî directly from engineering leaders at the frontlines:

 	* Transformation-as-a-Capability with David Farah, Field CTO @ Flow
 	* Busting Transformation Myths with Dr. Cat Hicks, VP of Research
Insights
 	* Establishing Visibility for Execs, Leaders, and Engineers
 	* Improving Team Health with Carol Lee, Senior Research Scientist
 	* Building Efficiently and Predictably with Tim Adrian, SVP of App
Development @ Kar Global
 	* Advocating for Your Team with Naveed Zahid, AVP Engineering
Transformation @ Manulife

The first episode drops on August 31, 2023
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828].
Register now to watch it for free
[https://www.pluralsight.com/product/flow/engineering-transformation-webinars?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_campaign=20230828]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

TO TEST OR NOT TO TEST, A TECHNICAL PERSPECTIVE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/ta-what-to-test/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article delves into the creation of test cases from a technical
perspective, detailing what should be included in each test and what
to avoid. It answers the age-old question of what to test vs. what not
to test. 

AURORA SERVERLESS ‚Äì A MIGRATION STORY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/info/2023/aug/16/serverless-postgres-at-the-guardian?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A team that swapped databases almost every other month finally settled
on AWS Aurora Serverless V2. This article breaks down their
application architecture and use cases for their database and explains
why they would continuously switch. The team eventually landed on
Aurora Serverless, which was nice because scaling was taken care of.
However, Aurora was still in development at the time and therefore a
bit unstable. 

WRITING A PACKAGE MANAGER (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://antonz.org/writing-package-manager/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Writing a package manager is not easy, but it‚Äôs a great exercise in
building something that‚Äôs not usually built. This tutorial goes
through design decisions made, tradeoffs considered, and
implementation details when writing a package manager with many visual
examples. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO BE THE FAVORITE ENGINEER AMONG YOUR PRODUCT MANAGER AND
DESIGNER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/how-to-be-the-favorite-engineer-among?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Collaboration is a hard but necessary aspect of working in teams. This
article provides actionable advice on how to overcome the two most
common challenges when working with your designer or product manager:
adding scope and slow responses. It also provides a guide to building
a working relationship that will make you one of their favorite
engineers to work with. 

SOME TACTICS FOR WRITING IN PUBLIC (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/08/07/tactics-for-writing-in-public/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Many people shy away from writing in public for fear of receiving
negative comments. This article explains some tactics that can help
make the comments on blog posts more informative and useful. 

HOW TO MAKE TIME FOR PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/esmtberlin/2023/08/23/how-to-make-time-for-professional-development/amp/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In today‚Äôs fast-paced business world, continuous learning is not
just a buzzword, it is a necessity. However, balancing its undeniable
value with the pressing demands of the average workday is tricky. This
article offers tips that make it easier to prioritize professional
development. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GRAPHWEAVER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/exogee-technology/graphweaver?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Graphweaver allows you to turn multiple data sources into a single
GraphQL API. It‚Äôs built for Node in TypeScript and supports all
major sources, like Postgres, MySQL, and more. 

CRUMB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/liam-ilan/crumb?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Crumb is a high level, functional, interpreted, dynamically typed,
general-purpose programming language with a terse syntax and a verbose
standard library. 

BICYCLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ordinarylabs/bicycle?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bicycle is a framework for defining database schemas whose access
patterns are generated as code and compiled into each server binary.
This reduces dynamic query parsing at run time. The framework uses
gRPC, RocksDB, and Rust. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WASHING YOUR CODE: NAMING IS HARD (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://sapegin.me/blog/naming/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Naming is one of the hardest problems in programming. Bad naming can
make debugging difficult and codebases harder to understand. This
article takes a look at naming anti-patterns and how to fix them. It
lays out some rules for clear naming. For example, the shorter the
scope of a variable, the shorter its name should be. 

WE SHOULD ALL BE ROOTING FOR BORING AI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.technologyreview.com/2023/08/22/1078230/why-we-should-all-be-rooting-for-boring-ai/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Applying Generative AI in high-stakes settings could lead to deadly
accidents where it‚Äôs unclear who or what should be held responsible
or even why the problem occurred. Everyone agrees that humans should
make the final call, but that is made harder by technology that acts
unpredictably, especially in fast-moving conflict situations. Until we
are able to reliably make Generative AI hallucinate less and be more
predictable, it should be applied first to more ‚Äúboring‚Äù
applications, like AI in Google Docs. This is already happening - for
example, Google has started rolling out the ‚ÄúWrite with AI‚Äù
feature for Google Docs and Slides. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 REASONS WHY WHATSAPP WAS ABLE TO SUPPORT 50 BILLION MESSAGES A DAY
WITH ONLY 32 ENGINEERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.systemdesign.one/p/whatsapp-engineering?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article outlines the engineering techniques employed to scale
WhatsApp quickly. 

AN EXCRUCIATINGLY DETAILED GUIDE TO SSH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://grahamhelton.com/blog/ssh-cheatsheet/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A complete and opinionated SSH guide for those interested in learning
the ins and outs of SSH commands. 

WHY NOTE-TAKING APPS DON‚ÄôT MAKE YOU SMARTER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/25/23845590/note-taking-apps-ai-chat-distractions-notion-roam-mem-obsidian?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

For decades now, software tools have promised to make working life
easier, but are they really effective? 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=c082b5a8-457e-11ee-a3be-11c4d387444d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693220418&t=1693220624&s=b67bbf9370a93bc7ee7a0a502ddc39f5c7b508acdb6e0cc4e82bece489c82934].