# Articles TLDR Web Dev 27-09-2023

DoorDash migrated from a Python 2 monolith to a microservices
architecture in 2020¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=92282bd2-5d13-11ee-b3d5-31c789da674c&pt=campaign&t=1695812654&s=4870fa7410a216c333dbfec7e9df0e3e0e2fb8a27e5d8fd97f5d51db0a27e5d7]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-27

SEND API REQUESTS DIRECTLY FROM VS CODE WITH A NEW EXTENSION FROM
POSTMAN (SPONSOR)
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]

The Postman VS Code extension
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode]
is out of early access and available on Free, Basic, and Professional
Postman plans. This extension allows you to develop and test your APIs
in Postman directly from Visual Studio Code:

	* Create and send HTTP, raw WebSocket, and gRPC requests.
	* Import data with cURL commands.
	* Edit and send requests from a workspace's request history.
	* Create cookies and send them with requests.
	* Create and manage collections and environments.

‚û°Ô∏è¬†To get started, install the Postman VS Code extension from the
Visual Studio Marketplace
[https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Postman.postman-for-vscode].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

SCALING MICROSERVICES AT DOORDASH (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/scaling-microservices-doordash-6c35?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

DoorDash migrated from a Python 2 monolith to a microservices
architecture in 2020. It encountered a couple of failures with
microservices, many of which were related to the scalability of its
distributed systems. These failures included cascading failures, retry
storms, death spirals, and metastable failures. DoorDash is taking
action to mitigate such failures at a global level.

COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO VUE.JS 3 STATE MANAGEMENT WITH VUEX (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://chintanonweb.medium.com/comprehensive-guide-to-vue-js-3-state-management-with-vuex-f1df4eb5a4a2?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Vuex is the official state management library for Vue.js. It follows
the Flux architecture pattern and provides a centralized store where
you can store, retrieve, and update application-wide state. This
article goes through the basics of Vuex and dives into advanced state
management techniques, like using Vue 3‚Äôs Composition API to
structure your code more logically. Vue 3 also has a teleport feature,
which is useful for modal dialogs and popovers.

HOW GITHUB USES GITHUB ACTIONS AND ACTIONS LARGER RUNNERS TO BUILD AND
TEST GITHUB.COM (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-09-26-how-github-uses-github-actions-and-actions-larger-runners-to-build-and-test-github-com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

GitHub has been working on making its Continuous Integration (CI)
experience better by using GitHub Actions larger runners. Larger
runners are GitHub Actions runners that are hosted by GitHub. They are
managed virtual machines (VMs) with more RAM, CPU, and disk space than
standard GitHub-hosted runners. They come with autoscaling, are fully
managed, and allow GitHub to take advantage of reusable workflows
during builds and tests.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW (NOT) TO APPLY FOR A SOFTWARE JOB (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://benhoyt.com/writings/how-to-apply/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There are a few things you can do to make your application better when
applying for software jobs. For example, don‚Äôt use ChatGPT for
open-ended questions. Usually, these answers are obvious and easily
caught. Resumes also shouldn‚Äôt have flowery prose, generic
information, or random buzzwords.

ALL YOUR MAINSTREAM UI FRAMEWORKS ARE LYING TO YOU (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://moonthought.github.io/posts/all-your-mainstream-ui-frameworks-are-lying-to-you/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Svelte recently introduced runes, which is a solution to reactivity
that is similar to previous solutions. UI frameworks oversimplify
complex problems and introduce unnecessary abstractions that deviate
from the native DOM API. Instead, frameworks should encourage more
direct use of the DOM API.

3 WAYS TO MAKE YOUR TEAM‚ÄôS WORK MORE VISIBLE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://leaddev.com/team/3-ways-make-your-teams-work-more-visible/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

However good your team is, or how quickly they deliver, it can be
challenging to ensure the rest of the business knows what they‚Äôre
working on. This is especially true for remote teams. Here are some
tools and techniques you can use to ensure your team‚Äôs voice is
heard and their work is visible, with the added bonus of helping them
collaborate better.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

VIZRO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Vizro is a toolkit for creating modular data visualization
applications. It allows developers to create flexible, scalable,
Python-enabled data visualization dashboards. Configurations can be
written in multiple formats, like JSON and Python dictionaries.

TECH VAULT INTERVIEW QUESTIONS BANK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/moabukar/tech-vault?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Carefully curated technical engineering questions by experienced
engineers who have conducted many interviews.

SHADCN-VUE (WEBSITE)
[https://www.shadcn-vue.com/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Beautifully designed components that you can copy and paste into your
apps. Accessible. Customizable. Open Source.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY ARE CLOUD DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENTS SPIKING IN POPULARITY, NOW? (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/why-are-cloud-development-environments-spiking-in-popularity-now/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

More and more tech companies are using cloud development environments
(CDEs). CDEs are remote development environments, where code is run on
more powerful machines in the cloud. Generally, these allow code to be
built faster, reduce local machine-specific errors, and allow
collaboration to shine. There are a few reasons behind why CDEs are
rising in popularity, such as codebases getting larger, monorepos
becoming more popular, and plateaus in laptop computing power.

Q&A: GITHUB CEO THOMAS DOHMKE TALKS AI, SUPERCHARGING PRODUCTIVITY,
AND THE FUTURE OF SOFTWARE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/qa-github-ceo-thomas-dohmke-talks-ai-supercharging-productivity-and-the-future-of-software-173028713.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

GitHub‚Äôs CEO says that developers will become even more valuable
with the advent of AI. AI will and already is making software
engineers more productive, and this productivity boost will make the
need for software grow. GitHub is working on making AI developer tools
more accurate, since AI-produced code quality is lower than average.

METRICS-DRIVEN DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY ENGINEERING AT SPOTIFY (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/metrics-driven-developer-productivity-engineering-at-spotify/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Developer productivity metrics are hard to gauge and measure. Learn
how Spotify's Platform Insights team sets OKRs and metrics to connect
developer productivity with company-wide objectives.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE ASSIGNS A CVE FOR LIBWEBP AND GIVES IT A 10.0 SCORE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://stackdiary.com/heap-buffer-overflow-in-libwebp-cve-2023-5129/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Google is tracking down a prevalent bug on the web.

YET ANOTHER E-INK WEATHER DISPLAY - BUT WITH RUST! (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://harrystern.net/halldisplay.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

An e-ink weather display in Rust, with code open-sourced on GitHub.

ELAD GIL‚ÄôS 3 TIPS FOR AI AGENT COMPANIES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://linacolucci.com/2023/09/elad-gils-3-tips-for-ai-agent-companies/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Elad Gil is one of the most successful investors of our time, having
invested in startup juggernauts like Airbnb, Instacart, Figma, Notion,
Stripe, Square, and more. His three pieces of advice for startups are:
build for a specific problem, ship fast, and focus on customers.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=92282bd2-5d13-11ee-b3d5-31c789da674c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695812439&t=1695812654&s=5548045457f3b6f1a53c9d35c48d70d8e7161ee951f9be933d85efaa66b20254].