# Articles TLDR Web Dev 19-10-2023

Both pixels and ems/rems must be used for sizing to build an
accessible web application¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=227f9006-6e5f-11ee-b4a3-41ec15d5bc59&pt=campaign&t=1697713421&s=a078e23f2acae9016516c344fff195e181abaa4f96974aa5b2d442b27a7eabf4]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Postman]
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-19

 POSTMAN WORKSPACES ‚Äî ORGANIZE YOUR API WORK AND COLLABORATE MORE
EFFECTIVELY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]


 Are you using Postman workspaces?
Team workspaces are a single source of truth for your API projects and
encourage collaboration throughout the API development lifecycle.

Here‚Äôs what you can do with workspaces:

	* Automatically notify other team members about changes to APIs
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
as updates sync in real time.
 	* Create collaborative hubs for troubleshooting API calls
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
with a log of common steps to follow.
 	* Set up manual or automated workflows
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
to support different stages of API development.
 	* Enable faster onboarding
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]
for internal and external partner developers.

Collaborate better and solve problems together with Postman
[https://www.postman.com/product/workspaces/?utm_source=tldr-webdev&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=q3-newsletters&utm_term=october-19-primary&utm_content=workspaces-primary]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

 THE SURPRISING TRUTH ABOUT PIXELS AND ACCESSIBILITY (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/css/surprising-truth-about-pixels-and-accessibility/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Both pixels and ems/rems must be used for sizing to build an
accessible web application. This article covers how each unit works
and how to consider accessibility while building an application. It
does a deep dive into how to apply each unit properly in the right use
case by building a mental model for deciding which unit to use. 

 AUTOMATING PRODUCT DEPRECATION (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/10/17/data-infrastructure/automating-product-deprecation-meta/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Meta developed a framework called SCARF that automates product
deprecation. It automatically identifies and removes unused data
across various systems. In the past 5 years, SCARF has deleted 100M+
lines of code and petabytes of unused data across 12.8M data types
successfully. This article focuses on the challenges faced in
automatic code deletion, like dependency management and making sure
the code being deleted is related to the deprecated project. It then
gives a high-level overview of how SCARF solved these issues by
scoping the deletion and creating a deletion roadmap. 

 HOW TO ANIMATE ALONG A PATH IN CSS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/10/animate-along-path-css/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Progress loading bars, circles, and other shapes are a common feature
of modern websites. They‚Äôre an eye-catching way to let users know
that information will soon be available on the web page they‚Äôre
viewing. This tutorial pulls together several techniques to show you
how you can create a progress indicator using animated custom
properties, conic gradient, and the CSS offset property. It goes over
various implementations with lots of code examples. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

 WRITE MORE "USELESS" SOFTWARE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/write-more-useless-software/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Creating seemingly useless software serves as a form of play in the
world of technology. While many professionals in the field focus only
on solving practical problems, creating playful projects helps
rekindle the joy and creativity that initially drew them to
programming. By working on "useless" software, individuals can
explore, learn, and experiment without the constraints of work-related
obligations. 

 7 SIMPLE HABITS OF THE TOP 1% OF ENGINEERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineercodex.substack.com/p/7-simple-habits-of-the-top-1-of-engineers?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Successful engineers have certain habits that help them produce
high-quality code. These habits include sticking to a consistent
standard of coding, deep domain knowledge in at least one field, being
detached from their code, and being more visible. This article delves
into coding habits, with actionable advice along the way. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 PUREIMAGE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/joshmarinacci/node-pureimage?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 PureImage is a JavaScript implementation of the HTML Canvas 2D
drawing API with no dependencies. It can be used to draw text, render
badges, resize images, save images as PNG, and perform other
image-related tasks. 

 PAYLOADCMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/payloadcms/payload?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 Payload CMS is both a headless CMS and an app framework that gives
you the power to build a modern backend and admin UI. You can build
quickly with technologies you already know, like TypeScript, use your
own database, and build faster with an extensible backend. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 MASTERING 1:1S AS AN ENGINEERING MANAGER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/hybridhacker/p/mastering-one-on-ones-as-an-engineering-manager?r=2bjtip&utm_campaign=post&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 1:1s between engineering managers and their direct reports are very
important. They build trust by providing a safe space for
communication and feedback. This article talks about how to structure
these meetings, including scheduling and preparation, stressing
flexibility in approach due to individual and team uniqueness. It
discusses practical tips like consistency in meeting frequency,
respecting team members' time, and preparing mentally for these
discussions. 

 WHY MICROSOFT'S GITHUB COPILOT IS DEEPLY UNPROFITABLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/datasciencelearningcenter/p/why-microsofts-github-copilot-is?r=2bjtip&utm_campaign=post&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Despite having over $100M in yearly revenue, Github Copilot is not
profitable, occasionally losing up to $80 per user per month. While
Copilot helps devs write code more efficiently, its cost and the
potential to induce lazy coding habits might overshadow the benefits.
Microsoft, incurring an average loss of $20 per user per month, is
attempting to mitigate this with higher pricing for enterprise
customers. The Copilot story raises concerns about Generative AI's
maturity and the financial sustainability of AI tools. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 CAN OPENAI WIN CONSUMER AND ENTERPRISE? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/can-openai-win-consumer-and-enterprise?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 OpenAI has shipped both consumer (ChatGPT) and enterprise (APIs)
products at the same time. While it can be hard to win both at once,
OpenAI may have a chance. 

 THE FUTURE OF CSS: EASY LIGHT-DARK MODE COLOR SWITCHING WITH
LIGHT-DARK() (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bram.us/2023/10/09/the-future-of-css-easy-light-dark-mode-color-switching-with-light-dark/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Light-dark() is a new CSS utility function that accepts two color
schemes as arguments and returns the first color if in light mode or
unknown and the second color if the color scheme is dark. This
approach is cleaner and simpler than using media queries. 

 HOW TO USE PROJECT BASED LEARNING TO BECOME A BETTER DEVELOPER (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/project-based-learning/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


 Project-based learning is an effective way to learn and grow as a
developer. This article tells you everything you need to know about
this learning method. 

 THE RISE OF NEXT.JS: WHY IT‚ÄôS THE FULLSTACK FRAMEWORK OF CHOICE FOR
MODERN WEBSITES (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.felixvemmer.com/blog/why-next-js/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

 This article breaks down one developer‚Äôs opinion of why he feels
Next.js is the most reliable JavaScript framework. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.priyam.co], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=227f9006-6e5f-11ee-b4a3-41ec15d5bc59&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697713218&t=1697713421&s=14929eea35691422828cf416877b46fd53be24b56d65f8b927ce391ed0dbb1be].


¬†