# Articles TLDR Web Dev 06-09-2023

Netflix recently integrated a service mesh in its backend.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=515d6cc2-4c77-11ee-82d8-dfc67ff77627&pt=campaign&t=1693998228&s=cd0aee45e939a26750cb9b3d8281684486532dea9e3b993c0d5996c2f34c6a9a]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-06

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHY NETFLIX INTEGRATED A SERVICE MESH IN THEIR BACKEND (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/netflix-integrated-service-mesh-backend?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Netflix recently integrated a service mesh in its backend. A service
mesh is an infrastructure layer that handles communication between the
microservices in your backend. It handles tasks like load balancing,
service discovery, and more, making a microservices architecture
simpler to deal with. 

MASTERING CURL: INTERACTIVE TEXT GUIDE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://antonz.org/mastering-curl/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Curl stands for "client for URLs". It's a tool for client-side
internet transfers with URLs. Curl is useful for using and testing
APIs quickly from the command line. This article dives deep into how
‚Äòcurl‚Äô works and how to master it, with interactive examples along
the way. 

A GENTLE INTRODUCTION TO STATIC CODE ANALYSIS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3705568/a-gentle-introduction-to-static-code-analysis.amp.html]

Static code analysis is the process of examining source code (without
actually executing it) to identify potential defects, security
vulnerabilities, and other quality issues. It offers extensive
insights into code that can help you improve code quality and
security, the speed of development, and even team collaboration and
planning. This article goes through static analysis tools and the
benefits of using static analysis when it comes to code durability. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

NODE.JS VS DENO VS BUN: JAVASCRIPT RUNTIME COMPARISON (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://snyk.io/blog/javascript-runtime-compare-node-deno-bun/]

JavaScript runtimes help you build advanced, server-driven JavaScript
projects that aren't dependent on the user's browser to run. There are
several choices of runtimes available. This article discusses the
differences, benefits, and drawbacks of three major players: Node.js,
Deno, and Bun. 

WHEN DEPLOYMENTS ARE EASY, CODE BECOMES SIMPLER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitbytebit.substack.com/p/when-deployments-are-easy-code-becomes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

When deployments are easy, code is simpler to write and developers
feel more comfortable coding features. This is because there is less
of a time cost for new features. This is a piece of anecdotal evidence
that supports DORA, a developer productivity framework, and its
prioritization of deployment frequency for elite engineering
organizations. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DELETE YOUR DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter1]

You do your best to protect your privacy online. But data brokers
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter1]
might still be selling your SSN, CONTACT DETAILS, and PHYSICAL ADDRESS
to spammers, robocallers, and bad actors. Incogni
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter1]
puts a stop to this nonsense by filing dozens of data deletion
requests on your behalf.
Restore your privacy (and sanity) today. Use coupon code TLDR55 to get
55% off!
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter1]

PUCK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/measuredco/puck?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Puck is a self-hosted drag-and-drop editor for React. It features
inline editing, integrations with any 3rd party headless CMS, and no
vendor lock-in. 

WATLINGS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/EmNudge/watlings?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This is a repository to help you learn WebAssembly by writing small
programs. The goal is to learn by doing. Each file outlines a task to
complete. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HERE‚ÄôS GOOGLE CEO SUNDAR PICHAI‚ÄôS PUBLIC MEMO ON GOOGLE AT 25 (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/5/23860683/google-25-memo-sundar-pichai]

Google‚Äôs CEO Sundar Pichai kicked off Google‚Äôs 25th anniversary
with a 2,400-word public memo reflecting on where the company‚Äôs
been. Google started off as a small search engine and grew huge
throughout the years, adding on products like Gmail along the way.
Google Search remains at the core of its mission. 

APPLE'S RIDICULOUSLY SIMPLE STRATEGY TO BEAT BURNOUT IS ODDLY
EFFECTIVE--AND EMPLOYEES LOVE IT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.inc.com/kelly-main/apples-ridiculously-simple-strategy-to-beat-burnout-is-oddly-effective-and-employees-love-it.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

How Apple maintains a simple culture that ensures employees stay
productive while maintaining a good work-life balance. Some core
strategies include avoiding micromanaging by having rigorous candidate
selection processes, rewarding high performers with more freedom
instead of more work, and getting to know employees to make them want
to do a good job for you. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NODE.JS V 20.6.0 INCLUDES BUILT-IN SUPPORT FOR .ENV FILES (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://philna.sh/blog/2023/09/05/nodejs-supports-dotenv/]

Node.js v 20.6.0 comes with built-in support for .env files. You can
now load environment variables from a .env file into process.env in
your Node.js application completely dependency-free. 

ASK HN: I‚ÄôM AN FCC COMMISSIONER PROPOSING REGULATION OF IOT SECURITY
UPDATES (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37392676&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

FCC Commissioner Nathan Simington discusses security updates for IoT
devices on Hacker News. 

QUERYLOCALFONTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidwalsh.name/querylocalfonts?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

queryLocalFonts is a native JavaScript function to gather user font
information. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=515d6cc2-4c77-11ee-82d8-dfc67ff77627&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693998018&t=1693998228&s=924e8ba2ef50240ea7290be91af0b421c2be57e3c22dde11de3613bc4b7ba4d1].