# Articles TLDR Web Dev 10-10-2023

Slack manages many tasks asynchronously, including push notifications
and billing¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8cb8a866-6745-11ee-8e9d-233bbcb54020&pt=campaign&t=1696936072&s=602d4254e8728ef404ca6840171c302227117a7b3d7ce6daddb3ddcd3f952a86]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Nylas]
[https://info.nylas.com/api-security-101-guide.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-securityguide]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-10

HAPPY CYBERSECURITY MONTH! CELEBRATE WITH API SECURITY 101 (SPONSOR)
[https://info.nylas.com/api-security-101-guide.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-securityguide]

With APIs becoming ever more central to software development, now is a
great time to brush up on API security best practices.
Download this 101 guide from Nylas
[https://info.nylas.com/api-security-101-guide.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-securityguide]
to learn about the role of API security, its key elements ‚Äî
including access control, encryption, authentication, and more ‚Äî and
compliance issues that developers need to consider.

>> Download here: _üìò¬†API Security 101 for Developers_
[https://info.nylas.com/api-security-101-guide.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-securityguide]

Bonus content: Find out how data privacy and security impact
generative AI initiatives in this fireside chat
[https://info.nylas.com/Webinar-nylas-snyk-generative-ai-fireside-chat.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-SnykReplay]
featuring Christine Spang (CTO, Nylas) and Simon Maple (CTO, Snyk).
Watch the recording now.

>> Get the replay: _üéôÔ∏è¬†Navigating security and privacy in the
genAI era_
[https://info.nylas.com/Webinar-nylas-snyk-generative-ai-fireside-chat.html?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsoredemail&utm_campaign=FY23Q3-TLDRWebDev-1P&utm_content=2023-10-10-Issue-SnykReplay]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW SLACK PROCESSES 33,000 JOBS PER SECOND (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/slack-processes-33000-jobs-per-second?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Slack manages many tasks asynchronously, including push notifications
and billing. It previously used Redis for task queuing, but as Slack
scaled, it faced limitations such as memory constraints and coupling
between workers and Redis instances. To address these issues, Slack
integrated Apache Kafka, added Kafkagate as a new scheduler, and used
JQRelay to relay jobs from Kafka to Redis. This improved Slack‚Äôs
scalability and durability and reduced complexity in managing job
queues. 

SPEEDING UP THE JAVASCRIPT ECOSYSTEM- THE BARREL FILE DEBACLE (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://marvinh.dev/blog/speeding-up-javascript-ecosystem-part-7/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Barrel files are files that only export other files. They are used to
reduce the number of import statements in a project. Barrel files are
a common cause of performance issues in JavaScript projects,
especially large ones. Importing many files through a web of barrel
files can significantly increase module loading times, affect test
runners' performance, and cause linting times to increase
dramatically. Getting rid of barrel files can make many tasks run
60-80% faster. 

SYSTEM DESIGN CASE STUDY: EXPLORING SLACK'S REAL-TIME MESSAGING
ARCHITECTURE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://scaleyourapp.com/system-design-case-study-real-time-messaging-architecture/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Slack sends millions of messages daily across millions of channels in
real-time across the world. This post explores Slack‚Äôs real-time
messaging architecture with a discussion on the architectural and
system design concepts they leverage to scale and keep the latency
low. Slack's Channel Servers are stateful and in-memory, aiding in
quick message delivery to clients. The post also touches on how
consistent hashing routes traffic to different Channel Server nodes.
It discusses the trade-off between low latency and scalability
challenges which can be mitigated using the right cloud instance for
memory-intensive operations. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

FORTY YEARS OF PROGRAMMING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://fabiensanglard.net/40/index.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In this article, the author, who has been programming for forty years,
reflects on their learnings. They discuss their evolution in terms of
ergonomics and health, noting the shift from standard setups to
ergonomic choices like a vertical mouse and the Magic Trackpad from
Apple. They also detail their keyboard journey, highlighting
customizable, wrist-friendly keyboards. The author recommends
VIM-based editors, standing desks, stretching exercises, and rock
climbing as ways to maintain health and productivity in a programming
career. 

MY PERSONAL C CODING STYLE AS OF LATE 2023 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://nullprogram.com/blog/2023/10/08/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The author of this article reflects on significant changes in their C
coding style and habits over the past year. They highlight various
modifications, including the use of short names for primitive types,
the adoption of a standardized set of macros, the elimination of
null-terminated strings in favor of a custom string type, and the
preference for structure returns over out parameters. Overall, the
changes they highlight have improved productivity and code
readability. 

A HEALTHIER WAY TO OPEN SOURCE YOUR CODE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://sapegin.me/blog/healthy-open-source/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Open-source project maintainers face many challenges, including the
burden of managing user expectations, answering questions, fixing
bugs, and reviewing pull requests. Possible solutions for managing
open-source projects include clearly stating the project's status,
converting all open issues to discussions, blocking the creation of
new issues, and unsubscribing from all notifications to reduce the
mental and emotional toll on the maintainer. This author encourages
sharing code without committing one's time and mental capacity to the
entire project. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

BRING PAID NEWSLETTERS, GATED CONTENT, PRIVATE PODCASTS, AND MORE TO
YOUR CLIENT‚ÄôS BUSINESS (SPONSOR)
[https://memberful.com/product/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=developers&utm_content=q4_october]

Trusted by the web‚Äôs biggest creators, Memberful is the easiest way
to build a membership business. Memberful seamlessly integrates with
the tools your clients already use like - WordPress, Mailchimp,
Discord, and more - plus it includes a full-featured GraphQL API,
webhooks, and OAuth Single Sign On. Your client's membership program
should allow them to launch a new revenue stream without rebuilding
their entire tech stack ‚Äî¬†Memberful makes that happen.
Create your client's customized membership website now (free trial, no
credit card required)
[https://memberful.com/product/?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=developers&utm_content=q4_october]

FETCHBOOK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/4lejandrito/fetchbook?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Fetchbook is a command-line tool designed to help you manage your
collections of HTTP requests. It is based on the standard RequestInit
object and runs in TypeScript with bun.sh. 

CRITICAL (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/addyosmani/critical]

Critical optimizes a webpage by inlining above-the-fold CSS. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STREAMING AT SCALE WITH KUBERNETES AND RABBITMQ (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexandreolive.medium.com/video-streaming-at-scale-with-kubernetes-and-rabbitmq-6e23fd0e75fb?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A technical lead on a streaming solution discusses the use of
technologies like Kubernetes, RabbitMQ, and load balancers in managing
the process of video streaming. They detail how videos are processed
asynchronously, scaled using Kubernetes, and cached using a Content
Delivery Network () to ensure smooth playback for users. Costs are
optimized using on-demand instances called preemptible nodes. 

MISCONCEPTIONS CAN KILL ACCESSIBILITY MOMENTUM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://yatil.net/blog/misconceptions-can-kill-accessibility-momentum?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Achieving accessibility is difficult. To create accessible software,
engineers need to take the time to learn how assistive technologies
actually work. This article addresses a specific proposal related to
focus behavior in UI elements and the potential issues it may bring.
It underscores the complexity of accessibility and the need for
careful consideration in implementing accessibility features. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INCREMENTAL STATIC REGENERATION IN NUXT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/jacobandrewsky/incremental-static-regeneration-in-nuxt-3255?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Many people think that incremental static regeneration can only be
applied to static sites like blogs. However, it‚Äôs possible to use
incremental static regeneration in other types of websites, such as
Nuxt e-commerce websites. 

HTTP JOURNEY: FROM REQUEST TO RESPONSE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@felipemantillagomez/http-journey-from-request-to-response-7b122b8e74e9?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

HTTP is a stateless request/response protocol. This article goes
through the entire lifecycle of an HTTP request. 

148624 - TOOLTIPS PERSIST IN FOREGROUND WHEN FIREFOX IS IN BACKGROUND
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=148624&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Firefox bug gets fixed after 22 years. 

7 STRATEGIES TO COPE WITH CAREER UNCERTAINTY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/bryanrobinson/2023/10/07/7-strategies-to-cope-with-the-stress-of-career-uncertainty/amp/?utm_source=webdev]

Economic uncertainty and workplace issues continue to weigh on workers
and managers on a global scale, causing tremendous anxiety. In
addition, career trajectories are inherently full of unknowns. We
can‚Äôt always know future outcomes. This article offers 7 ways to
deal with uncertainty in the workplace in a healthy way. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://priyam.co/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=8cb8a866-6745-11ee-8e9d-233bbcb54020&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696935623&t=1696936072&s=febe06feca1eb53b27b15e843e850cfc3e199cac0de5041c41bed8b797e97123].