# Articles TLDR Web Dev 14-08-2023

Explore is a recommendation system on Instagram that uses machine
learning to show users content theyll like.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e7f9fe8e-3a84-11ee-b0cc-19f7b47cb9aa&pt=campaign&t=1692011039&s=492be4d1af766d065580c9f3e9ba3e79f8f6f3bbc09103b7c1a84fea6686cdaf]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Datadog]
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/synthetic-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-synthetic-monitoring-brief]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-14

HOW DOES DATADOG SYNTHETIC MONITORING WORK? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/synthetic-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-synthetic-monitoring-brief]

How confident are you that the new feature you launched is performing
as expected?
Synthetic monitoring enables teams to launch new features in
production while maintaining software quality. If you‚Äôre in
application engineering, quality assurance, or DevOps/SRE, it should
be an important part of your toolkit.

In this product brief
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/synthetic-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-synthetic-monitoring-brief],
you‚Äôll get familiar with Datadog Synthetic Monitoring
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/synthetic-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-synthetic-monitoring-brief],
including:

	* Creating browser and API tests quickly ‚Äî no code required!

	* Eliminating false positives with intelligent self maintaining tests

	* Running tests from locations around the world

	* Testing all stages of development and throughout your CI/CD
pipelines

Download the free product brief to understand Synthetic Monitoring
[https://www.datadoghq.com/resources/synthetic-monitoring-product-brief/?utm_source=advertisement&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=dg-tldrnewsletter-apm-ww-frontend-synthetic-monitoring-brief]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

SCALING THE INSTAGRAM EXPLORE RECOMMENDATIONS SYSTEM (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/08/09/ml-applications/scaling-instagram-explore-recommendations-system/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Explore is a recommendation system on Instagram that uses machine
learning to show users content they'll like. Meta uses advanced
machine learning models, like Two Towers neural networks, to help
Explore be more scalable and flexible. This article goes over the
techniques the Meta team uses, such as ranking and Bayesian
optimization.

EXPLORING THE INTERNALS OF LINUX V0.01 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://seiya.me/blog/reading-linux-v0.01?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The Linux kernel is often mentioned as an overwhelmingly large piece
of open source software. However, the first version of Linux, v0.01
was pretty small. It consisted of only 10,239 lines of code. This
article dives through some interesting tidbits in Linux v0.01, such as
system calls and what the file system supported at the time.

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

EVERY PHONE SHOULD BE ABLE TO RUN A PERSONAL WEBSITE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://rohanrd.xyz/posts/every-phone-should-be-able-to-run-personal-website/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Back in 2009, anyone with a Nokia phone could have a personal website
running on their own phone. However, this was never widely adopted
because there was no incentive for large companies to standardize it.
Being able to run a server on your phone should be more normal,
especially with the computing power that phones today are able to
provide.

SPEEDRUNNING GUIDE: MID-LEVEL (L4) -> SENIOR (L5) (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.developing.dev/p/speedrunning-guide-mid-level-l4-senior?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Senior engineer (L5) is the first level that big tech recognizes as a
‚Äúterminal‚Äù level. This article gives actionable advice on how to
get from being a mid-level to a senior engineer as fast as possible.
The advice includes taking on impactful projects from the start,
focusing on team leadership and influence, and uplifting one‚Äôs
teammates.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

INFISICAL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Infisical/infisical?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Infisical is an open source, end-to-end encrypted secret management
platform that teams can use to centralize their secrets like API keys,
database credentials, and configurations. It features a user-friendly
dashboard, client SDKs, a CLI, and more.

CODELITE (WEBSITE) [https://codelite.org/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

CodeLite is an open source, free, cross-platform IDE, specialized in
C, C++, Rust, Python, PHP, and JavaScript, mainly for backend
developers using Node.js.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CARROT PROBLEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.atvbt.com/the-carrot-problem/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

During World War II, the British invented radar to help their pilots
shoot down German planes at night. To keep this technology a secret,
they spread propaganda that their pilots had developed exceptional
eyesight from eating carrots. This is an example of a "Carrot
Problem," where people are misled into wasting time or effort on
something that doesn't work.

WAIT, CHATGPT DIDN'T TAKE MY JOB? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/wait-chatgpt-didnt-take-my-job?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Artificial intelligence is often portrayed as a job killer. However,
instead of cutting jobs, companies are using the technology to get
more done with the same number of people. For example, Allen & Overy,
a firm that employs more than 3,000 lawyers worldwide, started working
with a generative AI tool called Harvey last year and hasn‚Äôt
replaced a single person with it. Harvey helps employees perform
better and adds value to the firm.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

80% OF BOSSES SAY THEY REGRET EARLIER RETURN-TO-OFFICE PLANS: 'A LOT
OF EXECUTIVES HAVE EGG ON THEIR FACES' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/11/80percent-of-bosses-say-they-regret-earlier-return-to-office-plans.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

80% of bosses regret their initial return-to-office decisions and say
they would have approached their plans differently if they had a
better understanding of what their employees wanted. Many companies
are realizing they could have been a lot more measured in their
approaches by focusing on employee data first and foremost.

20 YEARS OF VIM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.contextualize.ai/mpereira/20-years-of-vim-ef9acae9?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This chart shows the last 20 years of development in the Vim git
repository.

REACT: WHAT‚ÄôS WRONG WITH CONDITIONAL RENDERING? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@vision.o3.work/react-whats-wrong-with-conditional-rendering-8317fb454f4d]

3 ways to spot conditional rendering patterns in React and how you can
improve them.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e7f9fe8e-3a84-11ee-b0cc-19f7b47cb9aa&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692010819&t=1692011039&s=4a1b089aaf92ae5077ebea93559e8127a9382a8f2ecc248200f0009339ab8168].