# Articles TLDR Web Dev 17-08-2023

Instagram has over 500 million daily active users. This means that
billions of recommendations have to be generated every day.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1324aaaa-3cdd-11ee-89c9-8b3e8ee3ff2e&pt=campaign&t=1692270226&s=8cf5a3414dd689ebc19a48358b015efbfa2e7710d488c0562cd872a3c4640de5]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-17

FERN - INSTANTLY CREATE A STRIPE-LIKE API EXPERIENCE (GITHUB REPO
SPONSOR) [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

Fern is an open source tool to automatically generate idiomatic client
libraries and Stripe-like API documentation.
Find out why companies like Scale AI and Flatfile already use Fern to
develop their APIs and generate their SDKs, learn more and star us on
GitHub! [https://github.com/fern-api/fern?utm_source=tldr]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

THE ENGINEERING BEHIND INSTAGRAM'S RECOMMENDATION ALGORITHM (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.quastor.org/p/engineering-behind-instagrams-recommendation-algorithm?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Instagram has over 500 million daily active users. This means that
billions of recommendations have to be generated every day.
Instagram‚Äôs recommendation algorithm architecture is similar to that
of other websites. They have a layered architecture that has 4 steps:
retrieval, first stage ranking, second stage ranking, and final
reranking. 

USING TYPESCRIPT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://react.dev/learn/typescript?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

React‚Äôs official guide on integrating TypeScript with React. It
covers the installation of necessary TypeScript definitions, the
process of adding type annotations to React components and their
props, and examples of using TypeScript with various React hooks like
`useState`, `useReducer`, and `useContext`. The guide also introduces
useful types from the `@types/react` package and concludes with
recommendations for further learning resources. 

VUE 3 FOR REACT DEVELOPERS: SIDE-BY-SIDE COMPARISON WITH DEMOS (27
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/vue-3-react-developers-side-by-side-comparison-demos/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The goal of this article is to offer React developers a quick
introduction to Vue development. It‚Äôs structured as a guide,
recreating common React use cases and demonstrating how they are
implemented with Vue. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

I‚ÄôVE NEVER WRITTEN CODE, BUT I JUST PASSED A GOOGLE SYSTEM DESIGN
INTERVIEW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://interviewing.io/blog/never-written-code-but-passed-google-system-design?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The author of this blog post passed a Google system design interview
without ever working as a software engineer, armed solely with a
plethora of research on system design interviews. This article
discusses a few tricks that could help you achieve similar results. 

5 SIGNS YOU SHOULD PASS UP ON THAT NEW JOB OFFER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/andrewfennell/2023/08/14/5-signs-you-should-pass-up-on-that-new-job-offer/amp/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


If you‚Äôve been offered a job and you‚Äôre not sure whether to accept
it or not, there may be a good reason for it. This article points out
five signs that you should definitely pass up on that new job offer. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

UI COLORS (WEBSITE)
[https://uicolors.app/create?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A Tailwind CSS color generator. Enter a hex code to create a custom
color scale. 

OGL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/oframe/ogl?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

OGL is a small, effective WebGL library aimed at developers who like
minimal layers of abstraction and are interested in creating their own
shaders. Written in ES6 modules with zero dependencies, its API shares
many similarities with ThreeJS. However, it is tightly coupled with
WebGL and comes with much fewer features. 

UBICLOUD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ubicloud/ubicloud?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Ubicloud is an open, free, and portable cloud. Think of it as an open
alternative to cloud providers, like what Linux is to proprietary
operating systems. Ubicloud enables IaaS cloud features on bare metal
providers, such as Hetzner, OVH, and AWS Bare Metal. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE AMAZON PRIME DAY 2023 AWS BILL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lastweekinaws.com/blog/the-amazon-prime-day-2023-aws-bill/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article estimates the cost of running Amazon‚Äôs 48-hour Prime
Day. It breaks costs down by service with an explanation of how the
numbers translate to a certain cost. Running the infrastructure for
Amazon Prime Day for 48 hours would cost normal users an estimated
$102,424,943.84. It‚Äôs probably lower for Amazon. 

ELON MUSK'S CREEP SHOW (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/platformer/p/elon-musks-creep-show?r=2bjtip&utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Public exchanges between Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg on a potential
MMA match have recently gone viral. This article expresses skepticism
about the seriousness of this proposed fight and criticizes Musk's
erratic behavior, including his threats to visit Zuckerberg's home
uninvited and broadcast it to the world. It highlights Musk's
significant influence as the owner of a major social network and CEO
of several prominent companies, including Tesla, Neuralink, and
SpaceX. The article suggests that Musk's recent actions appear
increasingly unhinged and potentially damaging to his reputation and
businesses. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW THE IMAC SAVED APPLE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23830432/imac-twenty-five-years-ago-saved-apple?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Twenty-five years ago, Apple released the computer that would save it
from bankruptcy and pave the way for Apple to become the most
important technology company ever. 

HTMX IS PART OF THE GITHUB ACCELERATOR! (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://htmx.org/posts/2023-06-06-htmx-github-accelerator/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


htmx has been accepted into the first class of the GitHub Open Source
Accelerator. htmx gives you access to AJAX, CSS Transitions,
WebSockets, and Server Sent Events directly in HTML using attributes,
so you can build modern user interfaces with the simplicity and power
of hypertext. 

MINIMUM VIABLE SECURE PRODUCT (WEBSITE)
[https://mvsp.dev/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A minimum security baseline checklist for enterprise-ready products
and services. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1324aaaa-3cdd-11ee-89c9-8b3e8ee3ff2e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692270019&t=1692270226&s=90fc5386588069b5fa62a408673097982fcd8a290dd2dc263fb0469e5d72652d].