# Articles TLDR Web Dev 04-07-2023

JavaScript has emerged from browsers and become useful far beyond its
initial platform.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=54119b80-1a47-11ee-a41a-cdc42190cee0&pt=campaign&t=1688468640&s=8d7feb82daa785526b86cb8c6fdd1b540b3bfb4ea9c4d4e459426872e9bc7b5d]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-07-04

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

A DEEP DIVE INTO SVG PATH COMMANDS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.nan.fyi/svg-paths] 

SVG are common on the web, but they‚Äôre images made up of code. This
means they can be hard to understand and parse upon first look. This
visual guide to SVG path commands breaks down SVGs with simplicity.
The path attribute of an SVG is just a series of commands. 

CSS: THE GOOD PARTS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.builder.io/blog/css-the-good-parts] 

This article lays out a comprehensive overview of the evolution of
CSS, from basic selectors to complex animations and transitions. It
also discusses the shift from table-based layouts to responsive
designs using flexbox and grid. The article concludes by highlighting
exciting upcoming features in CSS, emphasizing the importance of
staying updated with these developments. 

HUNTING FOR NGINX ALIAS TRAVERSALS IN THE WILD (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://labs.hakaioffsec.com/nginx-alias-traversal/] 

This article delves into the intricacies of Nginx, a versatile web
server dominant across many internet infrastructures, focusing on
location and alias directives, which are central to how Nginx handles
specific URLs. It also explores potential vulnerabilities arising from
misconfigurations and demonstrates how they can lead to security
exploits. The guide illustrates these points through a thorough
examination of popular open-source repositories using GitHub Code
Search to identify potential Nginx configuration vulnerabilities. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHY I PREFER TRUNK-BASED DEVELOPMENT (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://trishagee.com/2023/05/29/why-i-prefer-trunk-based-development/]


This blog post explains why trunk-based development (TBD), where all
developers work on a single branch, leads to faster integrations and
fewer merge conflicts. The author highlights the fact that TBD
enhances team collaboration, improves Continuous Integration and
Delivery practices, and reduces technical debt. Despite initial
challenges, the long-term benefits of streamlined development and
improved code stability make TBD a worthwhile approach. 

HOW EMOTIONS AFFECT PERCEIVED PRODUCTIVITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/abinoda/p/emotions-and-developer-productivity?r=1nwcx&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=post%20viewer]


A study explored the extent to which emotions influence productivity,
as well as the triggers of both positive and negative emotions within
the context of the workplace. The paper written about the study
provides useful insight for engineering leaders to better support the
well-being and productivity of their teams. For example, poor tooling
and code comprehension issues can lower the productivity of developers
by inducing negative emotions. 

5 RESUME FORMATTING TIPS THAT CAPTIVATE RECRUITERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/andrewfennell/2023/07/03/5-resume-formatting-tips-that-captivate-recruiters/amp/]


When writing a resume, perfecting the format of your resume is usually
an afterthought. It‚Äôs vital that you take the time to carefully
format and fine-tune your resume before you submit your application.
This article discusses methods to transform your resume and grab the
recruiter‚Äôs attention immediately. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

WUNDERGRAPH (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/wundergraph/wundergraph]


WunderGraph is a Backend for Frontend (BFF) Framework designed to
optimize developer workflows through API composition. At its core,
WunderGraph combines two patterns, API Gateway and BFF, with the
concept of a package manager, making API composition as simple as npm
install. Overall, it helps eliminate a lot of ‚Äúglue code‚Äù and
makes APIs easier to reason with. 

REACTYPE (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/open-source-labs/ReacType] 

ReacType is a rapid prototyping tool that allows users visualize their
application architecture dynamically, employing a drag-and-drop canvas
display and an interactive, real-time component code preview that can
be exported as a React app for developers employing React component
architecture alongside the comprehensive type-checking of TypeScript.
In other words, you can draw prototypes and export React/TypeScript
code. 

NEXT-SITEMAP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/iamvishnusankar/next-sitemap] 

next-sitemap is a sitemap generator for Next.js. It generates
sitemap(s) and robots.txt files for all
static/pre-rendered/dynamic/server-side pages. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IS PRODUCT MANAGEMENT GOING AWAY? WHY AIRBNB GOT RID OF ITS PMS (5
MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/is-product-management-going-away/]


Brian Chesky, Airbnb's CEO, recently announced that the company has
ended its product management function, causing a stir in the tech
community about the future of product management. However, Airbnb has
not eliminated product management, but has merged it with product
marketing into a single functional unit. The new role is similar to
brand manager roles in the consumer packaged goods industry, where
brand managers are responsible for both development and marketing.
Product management is not going away but is evolving, and product
managers need to be flexible in how they view their role across
different companies. 

BEYOND THE BROWSER: THE LONG TERM FUTURE OF JAVASCRIPT STANDARDS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/beyond-browsers-the-longterm-future-of-javascript-standards/]


JavaScript has emerged from browsers and become useful far beyond its
initial platform. However, the ECMAScript standard for the language
has continued to be driven primarily by the needs of browsers. This
article discusses how the scope of ECMAScript is changing as
JavaScript matures and where the opportunities for adding new features
are coming from. 

HALLUCINATIONS IN AI (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.piratewires.com/p/hallucinations-in-ai] 

This blog discusses the rapid development of AI and the various
narratives surrounding it. The author argues that these narratives are
often driven by self-interest and can be misleading. For example, the
motive of the recent ‚Äúpause giant AI experiments‚Äù open letter is
really for AI researchers to catch up. The article also debunks other
popular topics like ‚Äúfoundational models have already plateaued‚Äù
or ‚Äúopen source models will dominate‚Äù. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

NEXT.JS‚ÄôS NEW APP VS PAGES ROUTER: A DETAILED COMPARISON (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://javascript.plainenglish.io/next-jss-new-app-vs-pages-router-a-detailed-comparison-46f846963af5]


A while ago, Next.js introduced the new App Router, significantly
changing how pages are created. This article explains what this change
means and how it compares to the previous Pages Router. 

WRITING A NODE LIBRARY IN RUST (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.metlo.com/writing-a-node-library-in-rust/amp/] 

Metlo is an open source API security tool that needs to support many
different platforms. The Metlo team was successfully able to do this
for their Node.js library, using a Rust-based library called Neon.
This article deep dives into the process and benefits of working with
Rust. 

PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://whileydave.com/2023/06/27/programming-languages-going-above-and-beyond/]


Read one programmer‚Äôs thoughts on a new, impressive language called
Dafny. 

META'S NICK CLEGG ON HOW AI IS RESHAPING THE FEED (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.platformer.news/p/metas-nick-clegg-on-how-ai-is-reshaping]


This article discusses Meta's improved content recommendation
algorithms and the introduction of "system cards" to explain why users
see specific content. Meta is testing a feature for users to provide
explicit feedback on recommended content. These changes aim to
increase transparency and give users more control over their feeds. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=54119b80-1a47-11ee-a41a-cdc42190cee0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688468421&t=1688468640&s=98084391b799a6043aad26f72c55ac3d597dac84447e95ecba642a4676c33bc5].