# Articles TLDR Web Dev 18-08-2023

Dropbox faced performance issues due to large JavaScript bundles and
decided to replace its outdated module bundler¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=12cc88e6-3da7-11ee-8a9e-b5f67529eb73&pt=campaign&t=1692356688&s=7367a36d30fc5da86691add15c48f022d331be4e0e50b578c02a304a69c08ec3]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-18

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW WE REDUCED THE SIZE OF OUR JAVASCRIPT BUNDLES BY 33% (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://dropbox.tech/frontend/how-we-reduced-the-size-of-our-javascript-bundles-by-33-percent?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Dropbox faced performance issues due to large JavaScript bundles and
decided to replace its outdated module bundler during the migration to
a new web serving stack. It chose Rollup as the new bundler, which
offered features like automatic code-splitting and tree shaking.
Despite initial challenges, including resource-intensive builds and
bugs in Rollup‚Äôs tree-shaking algorithm, the migration was
successful. After the rollout, Dropbox observed a 33% reduction in
JavaScript bundle sizes, a 15% reduction in total JavaScript script
count, and modest improvements in page load times. This change also
significantly improved front-end development velocity and reduced
maintenance burden. 

BUILDING A TWO-WAY DATA BINDING HOOK FOR FORM INPUTS IN REACT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macarthur.me/posts/binding-input-state-in-react?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Two-way form input binding is a popular feature offered by JavaScript
frameworks like Vue and Svelte. This is an experiment to reproduce the
feature in React. It‚Äôs also a real-life example of how a seasoned
React developer would approach building complex functionality. 

ADAPTING TYPOGRAPHY TO USER PREFERENCES WITH CSS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://web.dev/adapting-typography-to-user-preferences-with-css/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bringing the user into the design process has been an exciting time
for users, designers, and developers. Users can land on their
experience and seamlessly begin consuming content with their
preferences richly integrated into the design result. This blog post
explores using CSS media queries with a variable font to tailor the
reading experience even further. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

MANAGING DIFFICULT SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/managing-bad-engineers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There's a thread that weaves through every project, failure, and
challenge. That thread is people. Managing people is complex,
intriguing, and ultimately rewarding. This guide is a distillation of
lessons learned and a roadmap to help you navigate the choppy waters
of managing difficult software engineers. 

THE IMPORTANCE OF TEAM TOPOLOGY (4 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/team-topology/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Teams need to have an intentional and well-thought-out purpose to
thrive. This blog explores two different team topologies strategies.
It highlights which topology is most effective in the world today, why
it‚Äôs effective, and how you can implement it in your organization. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

TAGGER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jcubic/tagger?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A zero dependency, Vanilla JavaScript tag editor. 

PLANE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/makeplane/plane?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Plane is an open source JIRA, Linear, and Height alternative. It helps
you track your issues, epics, and product roadmaps in the simplest way
possible. Plane can be either self-hosted or used through Plane Cloud,
which is a hosted solution for Plane. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW GOOGLE UNLOCKS AND MEASURES DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/how-google-unlocks-and-measures-developer-productivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The time of rapid growth is on hold, leaving engineering teams trying
to do more with less. No matter where you are, tighter customer
budgets are driving greater demand to release differentiating features
faster. Unlocking productivity for one of software development‚Äôs
biggest expenses is more important than ever. Learn how Google
measures developer productivity with mixed methods research, logs, and
more. 

ARE TECH WORKERS BENEFITING FROM TECH LAYOFFS? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.indeed.com/career-advice/news/are-tech-workers-benefiting-from-layoffs?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Tech workers continue to be some of the most in-demand talent in the
labor market today despite reports about tech layoffs dominating the
news for the better part of the year. In fact, a recent survey
conducted by Indeed to better understand tech worker behavior suggests
that tech workers aren‚Äôt being affected by recent economic
turbulence quite as much as some might think - some might even argue
that tech workers are benefiting from tech layoffs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

13 USEFUL REACT LIBRARIES FOR DEVS IN 2023 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/13-useful-react-libraries-for-devs-in-2023?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

These React libraries can help boost your development speed. 

FRONTEND AND BACKEND DEFINED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.industrialempathy.com/posts/frontend-backend/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Words like frontend, backend, and variations of them like ‚Äúfrontend
development‚Äù are broadly used, yet there is little shared
understanding as to their meaning, leading to inefficient
communication at best and plain misunderstandings at worst. 

RESEARCHERS DISCOVER NEW VULNERABILITY IN LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techxplore.com/news/2023-07-vulnerability-large-language.amp?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University's School of Computer
Science, the CyLab Security and Privacy Institute, and the Center for
AI Safety in San Francisco have uncovered a new vulnerability and
proposed a simple and effective attack method that causes aligned
language models to generate objectionable behaviors at a high success
rate. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=12cc88e6-3da7-11ee-8a9e-b5f67529eb73&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692356479&t=1692356688&s=6a9af188919ec419050b02f57549e05a12a7045f5a33669bf814dde880d8182a].