# Articles TLDR Web Dev 28-06-2023

Building agents with a large language model (LLM) as its core
controller is a cool concept.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=681081e2-1587-11ee-bca5-b19265edd1a9&pt=campaign&t=1687950243&s=8ef80054133a6ae3ee4fe70e397de41b3211763d7209885598fb08287d477481]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-28

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

WHAT IS A WEBHOOK? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/bytebytego/p/ep65-what-is-a-webhook]

This system design refresher goes over what a webhook is, in what
cases webhooks are needed, and the advantages webhooks have over short
polling. It also covers other miscellaneous topics, such as a case
study on Stack Overflow‚Äôs architecture, key OOP concepts, tools to
ensure code quality, and developer roadmaps. 

WHY GOOGLE ZANZIBAR SHINES AT BUILDING AUTHORIZATION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.warrant.dev/why-zanzibar-shines-at-building-authorization/]

Zanzibar is Google‚Äôs consistent global authorization system. Over
the last couple years, authorization (AKA ‚Äúauthz‚Äù) has become a
hot topic of debate. Proponents of various authz frameworks,
libraries, and philosophies have voiced their opinions on how it
should be implemented, jockeying for their position to become the de
facto way to implement authz. Google Zanzibar has recently emerged as
a popular way to model and enforce authorization for modern, fine
grained use cases. It efficiently scales to meet the demands of modern
large-scale, cloud-native applications. 

LLM POWERED AUTONOMOUS AGENTS (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://lilianweng.github.io/posts/2023-06-23-agent/]

Building agents with a large language model (LLM) as its core
controller is a cool concept. Several proof-of-concepts demos, such as
AutoGPT, GPT-Engineer, and BabAGI, serve as inspiring examples. The
potential for LLMs extend beyond generating well-written copies,
stories, essays, and programs; they can be framed as powerful general
problem solvers. This article dives deep into how to properly use LLM
autonomous agents with some case studies. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

JUNIOR TO SENIOR: AN ACTION PLAN FOR ENGINEERING CAREER SUCCESS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/readme/guides/engineering-career-success]

GitHub has published a guide to help junior engineers plan their
career to get to a senior engineer position. This guide covers the key
technical competencies that managers prioritize for career
advancement, the essential communication skills expected from senior
developers, and how to approach code development with a focus on
addressing business requirements. 

HOW TO PLAN A LARGE AND COMPLEX PROJECT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://calebmellas.beehiiv.com/p/how-to-plan-a-complex-project]

Large and complex projects take time to plan and properly architect.
Before starting one, it‚Äôs important to lay out the technical specs
of the project and create a detailed project plan to minimize the
number of surprises once implementation starts. 

HOW TO DEVELOP AN INNOVATION CULTURE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/developing-an-innovation-culture/]

Big Tech companies tend to thrive through their innovative work
culture. This article explains what innovative culture means and looks
at how companies can prioritize innovation culture through hiring,
leading, collaborating, and focusing. It also examines the challenges
that come with the culture. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AEON (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/aeon-toolkit/aeon]

aeon is an open source toolkit for learning from time series. It is
compatible with scikit-learn. aeon provides access to the very latest
algorithms for time series machine learning, in addition to a range of
classical techniques for learning tasks such as forecasting and
classification. 

BILLABEAR (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/billabear/billabear]

BillaBear is a standalone Subscription Management and Billing System
that integrates with Stripe. It provides a REST API allowing you to
integrate it easily. 

TRY (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/binpash/try]

try allows users to test commands before using them on a live system.
It will show the effects of a command and then prompt users to see
whether they want to commit the changes made at the end of the
command's execution. try is still a prototype and not a full sandbox
so users should not use it to test commands that will remove
everything or write zeros to a disk. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CAN WEB DEVELOPERS BE HELD LIABLE? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://convergeaccessibility.com/2023/06/19/can-web-developers-be-held-liable/]

This blog post discusses the potential legal liabilities web
developers can be responsible for because of website accessibility.
While the ADA doesn't hold developers liable, California's Unruh Act
could potentially allow for such lawsuits, though proving intentional
misconduct will be challenging. The post also highlights Assembly Bill
1757, which could make it unlawful for developers to knowingly create
inaccessible websites, opening the door for lawsuits from clients and
their customers. 

CHOOSING THE RIGHT VECTOR INDEX FOR YOUR PROJECT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/thesequence/p/guest-post-choosing-the-right-vector?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]

With so many vector index solutions, it‚Äôs hard to pick the right one
for your use case. This guide explains the different indexing
strategies vector stores use and provides a flowchart for how you can
pick the right strategy. It‚Äôs based on a couple rules of thumb, such
as your data size and how much you care about accuracy. 

THE JOURNEY OF MIGRATING A TINY APPLICATION TO VUE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://fadamakis.com/the-journey-of-migrating-a-tiny-application-to-vue-3-4db56f4143d5]

Many Vue developers have struggled to migrate to Vue 3. This article
chronicles one developer‚Äôs experience with Vue 3 and details
solutions to common issues so that your experience can be seamless. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ADVANCED MACOS COMMANDS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://saurabhs.org/advanced-macos-commands]

macOS is fortunate to have access to a huge arsenal of standard Unix
tools. It also has a good number of macOS-specific command-line
utilities that provide unique macOS functionality. This article goes
through some of them. 

GOOGLE HAS A SECRET BROWSER HIDDEN INSIDE THE SETTINGS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://matan-h.com/google-has-a-secret-browser-hidden-inside-the-settings/]

Google Chrome‚Äôs settings is an embedded WebView. 

THE 3 BEST MONOREPO TOOLS FOR 2023 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/the-3-best-monorepo-tools-for-2023-290bd4be8f0b?gi=b820c9789492]

Monorepos can be a pain, but these tools make your life a lot easier. 

MARGIN-TRIM AS A BEST PRACTICE? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://chriscoyier.net/2023/06/12/margin-trim-as-a-best-practice/]

It‚Äôs not every day there is a new ‚Äúbest practice‚Äù for CSS, since
it‚Äôs such a huge, ubiquitous, and highly used language. Using
margin-trim might be added to the mix. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=681081e2-1587-11ee-bca5-b19265edd1a9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687950024&t=1687950243&s=1e513278bbcca2ebf907144ebbd8a2951baf729b0d5d7dd89b88459a4e6bd69d].