# Articles TLDR Web Dev 21-08-2023

Optimizing JavaScript files resolves the issue of render blocking,
page load time, and other common web performance issues¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=76996fb6-3ff9-11ee-b276-eb9e85e744b7&pt=campaign&t=1692615902&s=78ff3c8ff1d71f3a3e5cd01da2d62608264dda19cd11cc49e5bebc3bbead01cb]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-21

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

A GUIDE TO OPTIMIZING JAVASCRIPT FILES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sitepoint.com/optimizing-javascript-files/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Optimizing JavaScript files resolves the issue of render blocking,
page load time, and other common web performance issues. This article
delves into practical JavaScript file optimization techniques, such as
tree shaking, and goes through tools to help the optimization process.
It also provides tips to help debug performance issues. 

HOW TO CHOOSE A MESSAGE QUEUE: KAFKA VS RABBITMQ (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/how-to-choose-a-message-queue-kafka?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Both Kafka and RabbitMQ are popular message queues used today.
However, both are different in various domains. RabbitMQ pushes
messages to consumers, then deletes each message upon receipt. On the
other hand, Kafka retains messages until expiration and allows
consumers to pull messages whenever they need or want to. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

IS PHP WORTH LEARNING IN 2023? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://anastasionico.uk/blog/is-php-worth-learning-in-2023?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

In 2023, PHP still remains a significant and relevant language in web
development. The release of PHP 8 has introduced substantial
enhancements, including Just-In-Time compilation for improved
performance and new features for better error handling. Despite the
emergence of new programming languages, PHP continues to have a
thriving job market, offering competitive salaries and abundant
freelance opportunities. The article emphasizes PHP's extensive
ecosystem, compatibility with various technologies, and vibrant
developer community as key reasons for its enduring appeal. 

ASK VS GUESS CULTURE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/jeanhsu/p/ask-vs-guess-culture?r=1nwcx&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Ask culture is when you ask for what you want. It proposes that it's
fine to make requests that someone can say no to, as it‚Äôs important
to take care of your own needs first. Guess culture is when you only
ask for something if you‚Äôre quite sure the other person will say
yes. It proposes that it‚Äôs rude to put someone in a position where
they have to say no. One‚Äôs default culture is rooted in their family
upbringing and cultural background. However, at work, it‚Äôs important
to be an ask-culture person, as that is often what‚Äôs required to
make career progress. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

BUGS REACHING PRODUCTION? üò± GET 80% AUTOMATED TEST COVERAGE IN 4
MONTHS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=BugsReachingProduction08212023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=BugsReachingProduction08212023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets you to 80% automated test coverage in 4 months ‚Äî and keeps you
there ‚Äî so bugs don‚Äôt reach your customers. Skeptical? Send them
your most complicated user flow and, if they can't test it, they‚Äôll
give you a pair of AirPods Max
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=BugsReachingProduction08212023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
üéß.
Plus, QA Wolf includes unlimited parallel runs on their testing
infrastructure + 24-hour maintenance and triage. Schedule a demo to
learn more.
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=BugsReachingProduction08212023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

Fun facts: QA Wolf currently has a 4.8/5 ‚≠ê rating on G2 as reviewed
by companies with 51-1000+ employees and is available on AWS
marketplace.

RIVET (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/rivet-gg/rivet?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Rivet is an open-source solution to deploy, scale, and operate your
multiplayer game. It features serverless lobbies for auto-scaling,
streamlined DevOps for teams, a CDN for hosting assets and webpages,
and a flexible matchmaker for players. 

MOONBIT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://moonbitlang.com/blog/first-announce/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Moonbit is a fast, compact, and user-friendly language for
WebAssembly. It is influenced by Golang and Rust. The goal of Moonbit
is to allow an increase in both program and dev performance for
WebAssembly. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SHORT SESSION EXPIRATION DOES NOT HELP SECURITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sjoerdlangkemper.nl/2023/08/16/session-timeout/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Sessions typically expire a set amount of time after a user logs in.
However, short session expirations do not help security. This is
because reauthentication can be risky and threats usually do not rely
on session length for their attacks. 

TYPESCRIPT IS SURPRISINGLY OK FOR COMPILERS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://matklad.github.io/2023/08/17/typescript-is-surprisingly-ok-for-compilers.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There are two main historical languages used for compilers: OCaml and
C++. However, TypeScript actually works pretty well as a compiler
language due to its flexible type system. This article contains a
detailed walkthrough, with code examples, of how to use TypeScript as
a compiler language. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DIRECTLY RESPONSIBLE INDIVIDUALS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/directly-responsible-individuals/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Apple coined the term "directly responsible individual" (DRI) to refer
to the one person with whom the buck stops on any given project. Every
project would be assigned a DRI who was ultimately held accountable
for the success or failure of that project. GitLab has a page in their
handbook describing how they utilize the DRIs in their work culture. 

THE LOW-BUDGET STARTUP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@bryce/the-low-budget-startup-f7d9ed7f139a?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There is a lot of room for ‚Äúlow-budget‚Äù businesses in tech. These
are businesses that are driven by profitability first and will
probably focus less on the traditional VC-funded hypergrowth route. 

X GLITCH WIPES OUT MOST PICTURES AND LINKS TWEETED BEFORE DECEMBER
2014 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/20/23838823/twitter-x-deleted-pictures-links-2014-metadata-t-co-shortener?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

X is having trouble displaying old posts that come with images
attached or any hyperlinks converted through Twitter‚Äôs built-in URL
shortener. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=76996fb6-3ff9-11ee-b276-eb9e85e744b7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692615681&t=1692615902&s=118f80e474af0619bbfc8adf0754253a3dc8d603bdab36781428069c2d214594].