# Articles TLDR Web Dev 21-06-2023

Almost every interaction you have with technology will involve hash
functions in one way or another.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3e897ba8-100f-11ee-a8a3-4303026073fb&pt=campaign&t=1687345779&s=613ccc2791cc1c60893a37c06be47dcce7ed6d7a7ea001ef17eb9e9b951f691b]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-21

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HASHING (16 MINUTE READ) [https://samwho.dev/hashing/]

As a programmer, you use hash functions every day. They're used in
databases to optimize queries, in data structures to make things
faster, and in security to keep data safe. Almost every interaction
you have with technology will involve hash functions in one way or
another. This article is a visual guide to hash functions. It starts
by looking at a simple hash function, then teaches how to test if a
hash function is good or not, and finally looks at a real-world use
for hash functions: the hash map. 

EXPERIMENTING AT SCALE, THE SPOTIFY HOME WAY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.atspotify.com/2023/06/experimenting-at-scale-the-spotify-home-way/]

One of Spotify‚Äôs key competitive advantages is their
personalization. This article describes how Spotify continues to
improve their personalization platform through a scalable
experimentation platform that can serve over 250+ tests annually on
the home surface alone. The goal of the platform is to experiment with
velocity and quality. In the article, Spotify engineers describe the 5
tools they used to achieve these two goals. 

HOW TO BUILD SERVER-SIDE RENDERED (SSR) SVELTE APPS WITH SVELTEKIT (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/06/build-server-side-rendered-svelte-apps-sveltekit/]

SvelteKit is a framework for building apps using Svelte. This article
shows you how to build a server-side rendered SvelteKit application
and deploy it to Netlify step-by-step. SvelteKit streamlines things by
handling the complexity of the server and client on its own, allowing
you to focus squarely on developing the app. There‚Äôs no need to
maintain two applications or do a tightrope walk sharing data between
the two. The tutorial builds out a job board as an example
application. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO MAKE DIFFICULT TECHNICAL DECISIONS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://careercutler.substack.com/p/how-to-make-difficult-technical-decisions]

Making difficult technical decisions is something that all engineers
have to do. However, there are ways to make sure the decision made is
the right one, such as writing a doc of all options and acting as the
end-user. An important aspect to assess is how reversible a decision
is, as an irreversible decision can be much more costly down the line.


SHOULD YOU START A GENERATIVE AI COMPANY? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/06/should-you-start-a-generative-ai-company]

This HBR article poses two critical questions for entrepreneurs
considering starting generative AI companies: Can you compete on
increasingly commoditized foundational models or should you
differentiate on an application that leverages these models? The
author suggests that while starting such a company may seem easy, the
ease of entry could also mean increased competition. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

MOTION CANVAS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/motion-canvas/motion-canvas]

Motion Canvas is a TypeScript library that uses generators to program
animations and an editor providing a real-time preview of those
animations. 

UNDB (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/undb-xyz/undb]

undb is a private, unified, self-hosted no-code database. It‚Äôs built
with SvelteKit, Vite, Tailwind, and Nest.js. undb comes with various
features, such as being lightweight and developer friendly. It also
provides support for OpenAPI, webhooks, real-time subscriptions, and
more. 

LANGUAGE MODELS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jncraton/languagemodels]

Language Models provides Python building blocks to explore large
language models on any computer with 512MB of RAM. This package is
designed to be as simple as possible for learners and educators
exploring how large language models intersect with modern software
development. The interfaces to this package are all simple functions
using standard types. It hides the complexity of large language models
from view while providing free local inference using light-weight,
open models. All included models are free for educational use, no API
keys are required, and all inference is performed locally by default. 

NEW APPROACH TO END-TO-END TESTING LEADS TO 3-MINUTE QA CYCLES AND 80%
TEST COVERAGE IN 4 MONTHS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NewApproachToEndToEndTesting06222023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]

QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NewApproachToEndToEndTesting06222023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
offers a unique approach to testing that gets you to 80% automated
test coverage in just 4 months. Their secret? A combination of writing
your test suite in Microsoft Playwright, 100% parallel test running
infrastructure, and 24-hour test maintenance. And QA Wolf includes
unlimited test runs at no additional cost.
Sounds too good to be true? Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NewApproachToEndToEndTesting06222023&utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]
in less than 2 mins and see for yourself.

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE HOTTEST NEW THING IN TECH IS FREEDOM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vox.com/technology/2023/6/20/23762655/tech-perk-remote-work-freedom-airbnb-yelp]

It used to be that Big Tech companies like Google, Meta, and Apple led
the way when it came to workplace advantages. However, recently these
companies have dialed back on many on-site perks and, more
importantly, have called workers back to the office. The
return-to-office mandate has been met with resistance by those who
prefer to work from home. In order to compete, smaller tech companies
have since picked up the mantle of remote work, making them more
attractive to many tech workers. 

8 TACTICS TO IMPROVE THE FREE TRIAL EXPERIENCE (6 MINUTE READ)
[http://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/how-to-improve-free-trial-experience/]

This blog post provides eight tactics to improve the free trial
experience for users, with the aim of increasing conversion rates.
These tactics include techniques for discouraging day-one
cancellations, offering incentives or penalties, offering temporary
discounts post-trial, and optimizing trial length. The post also
offers advice for proper user onboarding, keeping users engaged, and
improving product value. The author emphasizes that long-term success
lies in continually enhancing the product's value proposition. 

NETFLIX LAUNCHES WEBSITE BASED ON THE FICTIONAL STREAMING SERVICE FROM
‚ÄòBLACK MIRROR‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/20/netflix-launches-website-based-on-the-fictional-streaming-service-from-black-mirror/]

"Streamberry" from the sixth season of "Black Mirror" may be coming to
life. Netflix has launched Streamberry.tv, an exact replica of the
fictional platform, featuring characters from the show. It also
launched youareawful.com for users to upload their own photos to
become the subject of a Streamberry show. The creation of these sites
follows the viral success of the first episode of the season, which
satirically depicted Netflix. Users are warned that their uploaded
photos may end up on a billboard and they must consent to Netflix's
use of their image for its marketing campaign. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AUTOMATE WEB SCRAPING WITH CHATGPT (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/matchaman11/status/1670799349004083200?s=20]

A quick tutorial on using LangChain and OpenAI functions to automate
web scraping in less than 10 lines of code. 

5 REACT LIBRARIES TO LEVEL UP YOUR PROJECTS IN 2023 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://livecycle.io/blogs/react-libraries/]

This article takes a look at 5 libraries that can positively impact
your React development experience by addressing some common pain
points like data fetching, styling, accessibility, and state
management. 

HOW TO USE GITHUB COPILOT: PROMPTS, TIPS, AND USE CASES (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-20-how-to-write-better-prompts-for-github-copilot/]

In this prompt guide for GitHub Copilot, two GitHub developer
advocates share examples and best practices for communicating your
desired results to the AI pair programmer. 

12 USEFUL JAVASCRIPT INTERVIEW TIPS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://javascript.plainenglish.io/12-useful-javascript-interview-tips-c85288284595]

This article presents a compiled list of some of the common knowledge
points that you must know about JavaScript. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=3e897ba8-100f-11ee-a8a3-4303026073fb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687345220&t=1687345779&s=79383630dd71bcd23962d65473712093abd508e74e81642a4b129751a5ab86a2].