# Articles TLDR Web Dev 19-06-2023

API performance testing can help you ensure your API can handle
expected loads¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1b661dec-0e7b-11ee-b796-831bb3faae1e&pt=campaign&t=1687173011&s=c09b2172b3be242c4471fdad02a278e0be9d2306946aa806f8c307450146ec70]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-19

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

TEST YOUR API‚ÄôS PERFORMANCE BY SIMULATION REAL WORLD TRAFFIC WITH
POSTMAN (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.postman.com/postman-api-performance-testing/]

API performance testing can help you ensure your API can handle
expected loads, optimize and improve API performance, and identify any
bottlenecks or issues to determine the scalability of a system.
Postman, an API client, can be used to simulate load by having
multiple parallel virtual users hit your endpoints. It can also
visualize the performance of your APIs under the simulated load in
real time. Postman allows you to observe response times, throughput
(requests hit per second), and error rates so you can keep tabs on
your API performance metrics. 

LINKING MODULAR ARCHITECTURE TO DEVELOPMENT TEAMS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/linking-modular-arch.html]

This article recounts the journey of a software company that managed
to achieve a 60% reduction in average cycle time, an 18-fold
improvement in development costs, and an 80% reduction in team startup
costs by shifting their team topologies to match a modular
architecture while investing in the developer experience. It dives
deep into the architectural principles that enabled these results. 

HOW TO IMPROVE API PERFORMANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/bytebytego/p/ep64-how-to-improve-api-performance?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]

This system design refresher by ByteByteGo breaks down various methods
to improve API performance, such as pagination, caching, and payload
compression. It also goes over other useful topics, such as how
Discord stores over a trillion messages, Netflix‚Äôs overall
architecture, and more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

FINDING STAFF-LEVEL SCOPE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.developing.dev/p/finding-staff-level-scope?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email]

One of the hardest parts of getting promoted from senior to staff
engineer is finding projects that have staff-level scope. Engineering
work meets the Staff bar based on a few high-level characteristics,
including high complexity, significant impact, and a large workstream
size. Finding staff-level scope can be difficult, but this article
gives multiple tips on how to do it. 

SMART GUY PRODUCTIVITY PITFALLS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://waivek.github.io/website/tooltip.html]

The author notes that working around high-productivity professionals
like John Carmack made him realize that if you want to excel, then you
have to work hard and focus the whole time. One technique he uses is
to play a CD while working, and if he was not being productive, he'd
pause the CD player. He'd then measure his output for the day by how
far he got down in his CD stack. You can replicate this method today
using a long soundtrack or playlist on YouTube, Spotify, or other
music applications. 

9 PIECES OF EXPERT SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ADVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jordancutler1_softwareengineering-career-softwareengineers-activity-7075133604866990081-zOHJ]

Software engineering is more than just coding - the job involves many
other aspects that one must be proficient at to be successful. This
post lists 9 pieces of advice to keep in mind for your career to
progress fast and do well. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NOVEL (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/steven-tey/novel]

Novel is a Notion-style WYSIWYG editor with AI-powered
autocompletions. It‚Äôs built using Next.js, TipTap, OpenAI‚Äôs GPT
APIs, and the Vercel AI SDK package. 

CLOUDFLARE WORKER EMAIL SERVER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Sh4yy/cloudflare-email]

Cloudflare Worker Email Server is a simple proxy server that can be
used for sending free transactional emails through Cloudflare workers.
Once set up, it allows you to send emails by making a POST request to
the worker on the /api/email endpoint. 

PRECEDENT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/steven-tey/precedent]

Precedent is an opinionated collection of components, hooks, and
utilities for your Next.js project. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NO, GPT4 CAN‚ÄôT ACE MIT (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://flower-nutria-41d.notion.site/No-GPT4-can-t-ace-MIT-b27e6796ab5a48368127a98216c76864]

A paper seemingly demonstrating that GPT-4 could ace the MIT EECS +
Math curriculum recently went viral on Twitter, getting over 500
retweets in a single day. However, three MIT EECS seniors took a
closer look at the paper and found enough problems with it to debunk
it. For example, even though the authors of the paper said they
manually reviewed the published dataset for quality, the three MIT
seniors found clear signs that a significant portion of the evaluation
dataset was contaminated in such a way that let the model cheat like a
student who was fed the answers to a test right before taking it. 

THE NEW LANGUAGE MODEL STACK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/llm-stack-perspective/]

More companies than ever before are bringing the power of natural
language interaction to their products. The adoption of language model
APIs is creating a new stack in its wake. Sequoia Capital asked 33 of
their companies about LLM adoption and found that nearly every company
in the Sequoia network is building language models into their
products. The new stack for these applications centers on language
model APIs, retrieval, and orchestration, but open source usage is
also growing. Sequoia‚Äôs survey also delivered insights such as the
fact that companies want to customize language models to their unique
context and that it‚Äôs still early for AI. 

WHAT DRIVES ADOPTION OF INTERNAL DEVELOPER TOOLS? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.abinoda.com/p/build-tool-adoption?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=email]

A study on the factors that affect the adoption of internal developer
tools showed that developers do not want to change their usual style
of work and might prefer tools that are easy to integrate with their
usual style of work. Developers select or design tools that fit well
with the usual work style of team members and that can be easily
customized to their needs. The findings imply that developers are more
likely to adopt tools that are used by their peers or by their
community. The paper suggests utilizing developer-led blog posts or
demonstrations of build automation tools at company events and public
events to increase adoption. 

TLDR WEB DEV READER SURVEY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/VSJ9zyiK#nonce=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb]

How can we make the TLDR Web Dev newsletter better? We'd really
appreciate it if you could fill out this super quick survey to help us
improve! üôè 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

I'M ZOOM'S NEW CHIEF PRODUCT OFFICER. HERE'S HOW I GOT TO THE C-SUITE
AND MY BEST TIPS FOR WORKING MOMS WHO ASPIRE TO AN EXECUTIVE ROLE. (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/zoom-how-i-became-c-suite-chief-product-officer-2023-6]

6 pieces of career advice from Zoom's new CPO, Smita Hashim. She is a
first generation immigrant and a working mother, and she gives advice
on how to balance work and family life and what to focus on during
your career. 

APPLE VISION PRO: HARDWARE ISSUES (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://kguttag.com/2023/06/16/apple-vision-pro-part-2-hardware-issues/]

This article covers the hardware and related human physical and visual
issues with the Apple Vision Pro. 

GUIDANCE FOR SCALING: REVERSIBLE VS IRREVERSIBLE DECISIONS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.craigkerstiens.com/2021/12/29/guidance-for-scaling-reversible-vs.-irreversible-decisions/]

Tips for scaling engineering teams and codebases. For example, leaving
optionality open while building on a codebase is immeasurable but a
huge win for engineering as the codebase grows. This means that costly
coding decisions are ideally reduced, especially if they need to be
reversed. 

GENERATING INCOME FROM OPEN SOURCE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimdemedes.com/posts/generating-income-from-open-source]

Generating income from open-source is next to impossible. However,
there are a few things that have been found to work to generate
open-source income, such as offering commercial licenses for
companies, charging for more features, and offering a hosted version
if it‚Äôs an open-source SaaS project. 

JOHN CARMACK ON THE 4-DAY WORK WEEK (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10845832]

John Carmack, previously consulting CTO of Meta and creator of Doom
and Quake, wrote a Hacker News comment that ‚Äúshorter work weeks are
just as effective‚Äù articles are nonsense, at least for knowledge
workers with some tactical discretion. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1b661dec-0e7b-11ee-b796-831bb3faae1e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687172427&t=1687173011&s=c4d23853081c872e4b924bb7e9885bc2ac26091381e6a7b9e0d50d80ba8a827c].