# Articles TLDR Web Dev 31-08-2023

Astro 3.0 is the first major web framework to support the View
Transitions API¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=245127ba-47df-11ee-bd48-dd782076142a&pt=campaign&t=1693479834&s=a7b0d2f3972278403a96e67edd1d82b6ba88d9162a307cb1a3dbf06933381449]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-31

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

TRANSACTIONS ACROSS DATA STORES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://petereliaskraft.net/blog/epoxy?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

These days, it's pretty common for a single application to use
multiple data stores. Building robust apps with multiple data stores
is tricky because it's hard to coordinate operations across those
stores. A new protocol named Epoxy makes coordination easier by
providing ACID transactions across data stores. Epoxy uses a single
transactional "primary database", like Postgres, to coordinate
transactions among itself and multiple potentially non-transactional
"secondary stores", like MongoDB. 

CONCURRENT DATA STRUCTURE DESIGN WALKTHROUGH (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://questdb.io/blog/concurrent-lockfree-datastructure-design-walkthrough/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Concurrent data structure design is hard. This blog post offers a
guided tour on constructing a special-purpose concurrent map that
heavily favors reading of the map. The post walks readers through the
design process while solving a real-world problem, with many code
examples along the way. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO PASS A CODING INTERVIEW WITH ME (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://robertheaton.com/interview/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This cheat sheet contains 22 tips on how to pass a programming
challenge interview. While simple tips can‚Äôt replace skill and
practice, they can help you calm your nerves, avoid silly mistakes,
and showcase the best of your ability. Most of the tips are easy to
implement and will help increase the number of interviews that you
pass. 

KEEPING THE LIGHTS ON: THE ON-CALL PROCESS THAT WORKS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://thenewstack.io/keeping-the-lights-on-the-on-call-process-that-works/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Being on-call can be stressful, but it‚Äôs better than the alternative
of simple chaos when something goes wrong. Putting on-call processes
in place can help engineers guide themselves when they are on-call
while relieving the rest of the team from on-call pressures. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ASTRO 3.0 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://astro.build/blog/astro-3/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Astro 3.0 is the first major web framework to support the View
Transitions API. Other release highlights include faster rendering
performance, better image optimization, and optimized build output. 

VIZLY (WEBSITE) [https://www.vizly.fyi/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Vizly lets you query your database in plain English. It runs fully
on-premise, with no data leaving your machine. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MONEY IS POURING INTO AI. SKEPTICS SAY IT‚ÄôS A ‚ÄòGRIFT SHIFT‚Äô (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.institutionalinvestor.com/article/2c4fad0w6irk838pca3gg/portfolio/money-is-pouring-into-ai-skeptics-say-its-a-grift-shift?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The move from crypto to artificial intelligence fueled the markets
this year, but some are questioning how much of it is real. A company
that wasn‚Äôt doing well renamed itself to ‚ÄúApplied Blockchain‚Äù,
but a little too late. Luckily for them, ChatGPT came out a few months
later. To boost their stock price, they renamed themselves ‚ÄúApplied
Digital‚Äù and mentioned AI a few times in their earnings call,
getting a hyped 450% increase in the public markets. While dollars are
flowing in quickly to all things AI, it is yet to be seen whether
these companies can even last. 

THE MYTH OF ‚ÄúOPEN SOURCE‚Äù AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/the-myth-of-open-source-ai/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Efforts to make AI more ‚Äúopen‚Äù seem to have gained momentum in
recent months. However, a new analysis shows that ‚Äúopen source‚Äù AI
tools like Llama 2 are still controlled by big tech companies in a
number of ways. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

VISUAL STUDIO FOR MAC RETIREMENT ANNOUNCEMENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/visual-studio-for-mac-retirement-announcement/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Microsoft is sunsetting Visual Studio for Mac. 

INTRODUCING IMMORTAL OBJECTS TO PYTHON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/08/15/developer-tools/immortal-objects-for-python-instagram-meta/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Instagram has introduced Immortal Objects to Python. It allows objects
to bypass reference count checks and live throughout the entire
execution of the runtime, unlocking exciting avenues for true
parallelism. 

L2H (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lelanthran/l2h?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Convert Lisp(-ish) S-expressions to HTML. 

ANALYSIS OF OBFUSCATIONS FOUND IN APPLE FAIRPLAY (38 MINUTE READ)
[https://nicolo.dev/en/blog/fairplay-apple-obfuscation/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

FairPlay comprises a set of algorithms created by Apple for digital
rights management. This article runs daemons against FairPlay and goes
through the findings. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=245127ba-47df-11ee-bd48-dd782076142a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693479621&t=1693479834&s=3a01c73d2058dc40dc42e46024d6854914531dcc8a2b24cd2eaf1b8de1f94ace].