# Articles TLDR Web Dev 20-09-2023

Microsoft was the first major company to come up with a specialized
testing role that went well beyond manual testing.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fd9e6e3a-579b-11ee-b93a-d3840668f2f4&pt=campaign&t=1695207865&s=ae4aeb7f4bc79f4130fd2b9e9652d40fd1e6dc1547cfa642fc6a79d92358a80f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Okta]
[https://auth0.com/signup?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=dpp]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-20

DEVELOPERS, DO YOU WANT TO HOST AN APPLICATION IN THE CLOUD WHILE
KEEPING ITS ACCESS SECURE? (SPONSOR)
[https://auth0.com/signup?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=dpp]

Okta partners with cloud platforms
[https://www.okta.com/blog/2022/11/okta-partners-to-simplify-identity/],
Netlify and Vercel, to simplify Identity for developers. When you use
Auth0 by Okta to protect your client applications, you‚Äôre delegating
the authentication process to the Auth0 Universal Login page. When
your users log in, they are redirected to a central domain where we
perform the authentication process. Shortly after, we get them back to
enjoying your application. Let us handle Identity, so your team can
focus on innovation.¬†
Ready to secure your apps? Get Auth0 for free with up to 7,000 active
users and unlimited logins. Start building today.
[https://auth0.com/signup?utm_source=partner&utm_medium=dpp]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

UNDERSTANDING THE JAVASCRIPT MODULO OPERATOR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.joshwcomeau.com/javascript/modulo-operator/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This blog post explains how the modulo operator works by examining it
through a new mental model for division. The modulo operator is useful
for various real-world use cases, like circular arrays. Circular
arrays are common on the web and can be used for various things, like
an array of status colors. 

YOU DON‚ÄôT NEED TO LEARN SVELTE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kaviisuri.com/you-dont-need-to-learn-svelte?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

You don‚Äôt need to explicitly learn Svelte, because, as a web
developer, you probably already know it. Svelte‚Äôs syntax is standard
JavaScript. This article goes through the differences between React
and Svelte. It compares standard practices in React and Svelte, like
declaring components, lifecycle, state management, scoped styles, and
more. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

WHAT WE LEARNED BUILDING A CALL SUMMARY APP WITH GPT-4 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.swift.vc/what-we-learned-building-a-call-summary-app-with-gpt-4-89de7b6599e7?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article provides four lessons learned from building a call
summarization app using GPT-4. It highlights the limitations of AI and
discusses using GPT-4 as a coding assistant. It also discusses LLM
tools and gives some tips for startup founders. 

WHY DEVELOPERS AND STAFF+ ENGINEERS SHOULD GET INVOLVED IN OPEN-SOURCE
COLLABORATIVE DEVELOPMENT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoq.com/articles/developers-staff-plus-open-source/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Today‚Äôs software development includes extensive use of open-source
libraries, APIs, and other components. Most companies use some open
source in their infrastructure, products, and services. Staff+
engineers and leaders can help a company understand how to both
maintain and support open-source components by showing how critical
they are to a company‚Äôs success. This helps the open-source
ecosystem thrive at the same time. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

DEPCHECK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/depcheck/depcheck?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Depcheck is a tool for analyzing the dependencies in a project to see
how each dependency is used, which dependencies are useless, and which
dependencies are missing from package.json. 

CHRONO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/wanasit/chrono?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Chrono is a natural language date parser in JavaScript. It is designed
to handle most date/time formats and extract information from any
given text. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW MICROSOFT DOES QUALITY ASSURANCE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/how-microsoft-does-qa/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Microsoft was the first major company to come up with a specialized
testing role that went well beyond manual testing. Microsoft pioneered
the SDET (Software Developer in Test) role for engineers solely
focused on building testing systems and writing automated tests.
However, over time, the SDET role was no longer needed, and Microsoft
formally retired it in 2014. It was better for all software engineers
to both write code and test it themselves as it led to productivity
gains. 

63-YEAR-OLD PROGRAMMER 'LEARNS HIS VALUE' AFTER COMPANY HE WORKED AT
FOR 30 YEARS 'UNRETIRES' HIM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://scoop.upworthy.com/people-applaud-63-year-old-programmer-learning-his-value-569187-569187-569187?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Many employers ignore the fact that investing in the retention of
skilled and reliable employees is one of the best business moves they
could make. A 63-year-old programmer retired and the company they
worked for asked for them back. The company said yes to all of his
demands, like a 32-hour work week with the same compensation, because
it realized how much company-specific knowledge he had. He was a COBOL
programmer and the company‚Äôs clients were entire states in the US. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MICROSOFT EXECS ON TIKTOK, NINTENDO, APPLE, AND MORE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/techemails/p/microsoft-execs-on-tiktok-nintendo?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Email exchanges from Microsoft execs, including Satya Nadella, on the
PS5 reveal, acquiring TikTok and Nintendo, and tactics against
Google/Apple. 

JDK 21 RELEASE NOTES (34 MINUTE READ)
[https://jdk.java.net/21/release-notes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Release notes on JDK 21, like new string templates and more sequenced
collections. 

HOW TO USE JAVA SUPERPOWERS TO BEAT RUST IN A BACKEND CHALLENGE (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-use-java-superpowers-beat-rust-backend-challenge-leonardo-zanivan]

A backend challenge for developers that can be written in Rust or
Java. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fd9e6e3a-579b-11ee-b93a-d3840668f2f4&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695207630&t=1695207865&s=c697d8a2f99706dac5934077a2348e5b612ff6e0e67d4d43a4467c2c29567e3b].