# Articles TLDR Web Dev 12-09-2023

Understanding Docker optimization can be crucial to reduced image
sizes and faster build times for your Node web applications.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fe91bda4-5135-11ee-903f-e725cbcfc25b&pt=campaign&t=1694516637&s=bcb71713c9ed93b7e1d5fc9ce2e23836bc1b7b4d01d29ee1385f79a3c1aec790]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-12

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

A SYSTEMATIC APPROACH TO DEBUGGING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://ntietz.com/blog/how-i-debug-2023/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article presents a systematic approach to debugging that focuses
on understanding first. The process it lays out for debugging starts
with figuring out the symptoms and reproducing the bug. Then, by
understanding the system, you can form and test a hypothesis about
where the bug is. After fixing the bug, make sure to add checks to
make sure similar bugs don‚Äôt occur again. 

THE COMPLEXITY OF WRITING AN EFFICIENT NODEJS DOCKER IMAGE (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.specfy.io/blog/1-efficient-dockerfile-nodejs-in-7-steps?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Understanding Docker optimization can be crucial to reduced image
sizes and faster build times for your Node web applications. This
guide is a step-by-step guide to Docker image optimization techniques
that can result in an 80% reduction in image size and a 70% reduction
in build time. The author provides code examples and metrics along the
way. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE JOURNEY TO STAFF ENGINEER: MAIN TAKEAWAYS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/the-journey-to-staff-engineer-main?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A recent event with staff engineers at multiple companies, including
Meta, Google, and Activision, provided viewers with advice on how to
get promoted to a staff engineer role at their own companies. This
article summarizes the event with actionable takeaways, such as making
sure to communicate your work. Some other unique tips include being
able to put a dollar amount on the work you did and seeking
opportunities by working with non-technical decision-makers. 

BACKWARD DEADLINES, PERFORMANCE JOURNALING, AND OBSCURE COGNITIVE
RULES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://refactoring.fm/p/backward-deadlines-performance-journaling?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Engineers often have the feeling that managers are pushing back and
fighting for deadlines. The reason these conflicts start is because
engineers and managers have different concerns. Managers are concerned
with building the right thing, while engineers are concerned with
building the thing right. Once you understand where the conflict is, a
healthier way to look at deadlines is to view them as constraints.
Great engineering is often about finding clever solutions against
constraints. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

API DEPENDENCIES KILL DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY. WIREMOCK IS THE SOLUTION
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]

The API dependencies in your code are growing exponentially:
Microservices, 3rd party APIs, internal tooling‚Ä¶
But when these APIs are inaccessible, incomplete, or flaky, everything
slows down¬†‚òπÔ∏è

The best teams don‚Äôt sit idle. They use WireMock Cloud
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]
(built on open-source WireMock):

‚ö°¬†Mock any 3rd party or internal API

‚ö°¬†Implement chaos engineering
[https://www.wiremock.io/post/introducing-wiremock-chaos-api-mocking-meets-chaos-engineering?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]
in one click

üÜï¬†Generate developer portals and OpenAPI specs from mocks

‚û°Ô∏è¬†Start WIreMocking on the Free Forever edition
[https://www.wiremock.io/product?utm_source=tldr-web-dev&utm_medium=sponsorships&utm_campaign=20230912]

TRAVERSY JS CHALLENGES: DATA STRUCTURES & ALGORITHMS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bradtraversy/traversy-js-challenges?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This repository contains JavaScript challenges that test your data
structures and algorithms knowledge. It goes over everything from
basic loop challenges and high-order array methods, to recursion, time
& space complexity, and sorting algorithms like bubble sort,
insertion, and merge sort. You should already know the basics of
JavaScript before doing any of the challenges or taking the course. 

CODE INDEXER LOOP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/definitive-io/code-indexer-loop?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Code Indexer Loop is a Python library for indexing and retrieving
source code files through an integrated vector database that's
continuously and efficiently updated. 

RIVET (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Ironclad/rivet?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Rivet is an open-source visual AI programming environment and
TypeScript library. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

UK AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL MELTDOWN (33 MINUTE READ)
[https://jameshaydon.github.io/nats-fail/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

On August 28, 2023, NATS, the UK's air traffic control operator,
suffered a major technical incident. The BBC reports that more than
2,000 flights were canceled and the cost has been estimated at over
¬£100 million GBP. The incident probably affected hundreds of
thousands of people. This article dives deep into what happened
technically. The software that processes flight plans was not properly
tested and had bugs and bad failure modes. 

GRADIENTS, BLEND MODES, AND A REALLY COOL HOVER EFFECT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/gradients-blend-modes-hover-effect/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Gradients are a powerful CSS feature. We use them for texture, depth,
and even to hide parts of elements with CSS masking. This article
covers some interesting ways to use gradients. It teaches how to
create a hover effect where hovering on one item triggers visual
changes to other items using only CSS gradients. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE TOP PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES 2023 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-top-programming-languages-2023?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

SQL, Python, and Java are on top when ranked by job availability. 

ARE BIG PROJECTS DITCHING TYPESCRIPT? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.totaltypescript.com/are-big-projects-ditching-typescript?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Amidst some larger projects seemingly abandoning TypeScript, this
article addresses whether or not developers are really ditching the
language. 

ASK HN: WHY DID VISUAL BASIC DIE? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37470318&utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Hacker News commenter asks why Visual Basic died. Other users share
their opinions, such as the fact that Microsoft didn‚Äôt see a
profitable future with it. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=fe91bda4-5135-11ee-903f-e725cbcfc25b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694516428&t=1694516637&s=4dabe2484c36adf512b8e51cf78fd046006787f1298f66e4c52e0a3bb8a87425].