# Articles TLDR Web Dev 10-05-2023

Not long ago, LinkedIn followed the traditional
increase-node-by-request strategy until it couldn‚Äôt keep up with the
scale¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a4496b3a-ef1a-11ed-95d3-c93e472651d3&pt=campaign&t=1683716903&s=ad61a25211fec94ee116502764b2a71574b3dd54ebd997b43be58507f9b21166]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [FireHydrant]
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-10

INCIDENT MANAGEMENT BUILT TO SCALE (SPONSOR)
[https://firehydrant.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=TLDR] 

Reduce manual work, get everyone on the same page, and improve time to
resolution with a fully-customizable platform that works with all the
tools you love.
With FireHydrant, you can:

	*
Kickoff and manage incidents without leaving Slack

	*
Instantly assemble the right people and information

	*
Eliminate guesswork for responders

	*
Streamline internal and external communications

	*
Auto-capture incident data for more efficient retros

Join thousands of reliability-obsessed engineers - get started at
firehydrant.com/tldr [http://firehydrant.com/tldr] or watch our 4
minute demo [https://firehydrant.com/4min-demo/].

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

UPSCALING LINKEDIN'S PROFILE DATASTORE WHILE REDUCING COSTS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/2023/upscaling-profile-datastore-while-reducing-costs]


Not long ago, LinkedIn followed the traditional
increase-node-by-request strategy until it couldn‚Äôt keep up with the
scale of serving 1.4 million profiles per second. This article is a
technical deep dive of how LinkedIn adopted Couchbase to achieve 99%
cache hits, reduce tail latency by 60%, and save serving costs by 10%
annually. 

PRACTICAL GUIDE TO NOT BLOCKING THE EVENT LOOP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbss.dev/posts/eventloop/] 

JavaScript runs on a single thread, so it‚Äôs essential to make sure
long running functions don‚Äôt block the main event thread. Besides
making the function asynchronous, there are two other strategies to
consider: horizontal scaling and off-loading to a separate thread.
This article explains these three strategies with graphs of the event
loop and code examples. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO AUTOMATIC ACCESSIBILITY TESTING IN CI/CD FOR
REACT APPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a5h.dev/post/how-to-test-for-a11y-in-react-app-cicd/] 

Even the best frontend devs can forget accessibility checks from time
to time - that‚Äôs why catching them with tests and lint rules are
helpful. This blog covers how you can write accessibility tests in
most of the popular testing and linting frameworks and how to
integrate these tests into an application‚Äôs CI/CD. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

THE PERILS OF JAVASCRIPT: HOW WE‚ÄôVE BROKEN THE INTERNET‚ÄôS SECURITY
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pluralsight.com/blog/security-professional/perils-javascript-security?exp=3]


JavaScript‚Äôs wide spread use on the Internet comes with a host of
security issues. Thankfully, there are ways to mitigate these
vulnerabilities. This article discusses those vulnerabilities and
covers how to prevent them. 

DO THE WEIRDEST THING THAT FEELS RIGHT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://charliebecker.substack.com/p/do-the-weirdest-thing-that-feels]


This is a general article about making decisions and it‚Äôs centered
around the mantra ‚Äúdo the weirdest thing that feels right.‚Äù The
author argues that weirdness is a construct that is a stand-in for
other people‚Äôs expectations. So if there are a bunch of equally
viable options, one should pick the weirdest one, because it means
that is the one that is truest to them. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

OP VAULT (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/pashpashpash/vault-ai] 

OP Vault uses the OP Stack (OpenAI + Pinecone Vector Database) to
enable users to upload their own custom knowledge base files and ask
questions about their content. With quick setup, devs can launch their
own version of this Golang server along with a user-friendly React
frontend that allows users to ask OpenAI questions about the specific
knowledge base provided. The primary focus is on human-readable
content like books, letters, and other documents, making it a
practical and valuable tool for knowledge extraction and
question-answering. You can upload an entire library's worth of books
and documents and receive pointed answers along with the name of the
file and specific section within the file that the answer is based on.


JSCANIFY (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/ColonelParrot/jscanify] 

Jscanify is an open-source pure Javascript implemented mobile document
scanner. It features paper detection, text highlighting, and paper
scanning with distortion correction. 

CHEERPJ 3.0 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://leaningtech.com/announcing-cheerpj-3-0-a-jvm-replacement-in-html5-and-webassembly-to-run-java-applications-and-applets-on-modern-browsers/]


CheerpJ 3.0 is an implementation of the JVM in HTML5 and WebAssembly,
designed to run Java applications on the browser. This is very useful
to extend the life of legacy client-side Java applications. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COMPENSATION AT PUBLICLY TRADED TECH COMPANIES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/pragmaticengineer/p/compensation-at-publicly-traded-tech?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


This article compiles median annual compensation data in 2022 for 50
publicly traded tech companies. It picks apart insights based on the
data, such as the importance of geographic distribution of a
company‚Äôs workforce and the premium in working for a lesser-known
brand. 

WHY I'M HAVING TROUBLE COVERING AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/platformer/p/why-im-having-trouble-covering-ai?r=2bjtip&utm_medium=ios&utm_campaign=post]


Covering AI poses challenges unlike any of the previous tech trends.
For one, AI safety is a high variant topic. Geoffrey Hinton, sometimes
called the ‚Äúgodfather of AI‚Äù, doesn‚Äôt think there‚Äôs a way to
prevent bad actors from using AI, while J√ºrgen Schmidhuber, another
renowned AI scientist, argues the other way. 

LANGUAGE MODELS CAN EXPLAIN NEURONS IN LANGUAGE MODELS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/research/language-models-can-explain-neurons-in-language-models]


Language models have become more capable and more broadly deployed,
but our understanding of how they work internally is still very
limited. For example, it might be difficult to detect from their
outputs whether they use biased heuristics or engage in deception.
Interpretability research aims to uncover additional information by
looking inside the model. OpenAI uses GPT-4 to automatically write
explanations for the behavior of neurons in large language models and
to score those explanations. They release a dataset of these
(imperfect) explanations and scores for every neuron in GPT-2. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE 2023 DEVELOPER SURVEY IS NOW LIVE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/05/08/the-2023-developer-survey-is-now-live/]


Stack Overflow‚Äôs annual developer survey is now live. This year,
they want to know how developer opinions have changed compared to
previous years and the survey will be exploring further the shift
towards artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) in
software development. They want to know how developers are using these
technologies, what challenges they face, and what opportunities they
see. 

ARCHITECTURE COMPARISON BEFORE AND AFTER AMAZON PRIME VIDEO‚ÄôS
MIGRATION (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/alexxubyte/status/1655601921322012673?s=46]


Amazon Prime Video‚Äôs serverless to monolithic architecture change
reduced costs by 90%. It‚Äôs made waves across the engineering world.
This Twitter thread breaks down the difference between the initial
serverless architecture and the new monolithic architecture. 

MAKING TIME TO JOB HUNT WHILE WORKING FULL TIME (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/04/making-time-to-job-hunt-while-working-full-time]


Job hunting can be extremely time consuming and it‚Äôs even harder to
do when you still work a full time job. This article breaks the job
search into four key phases and details what steps you can take to fit
each piece into your busy schedule 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=a4496b3a-ef1a-11ed-95d3-c93e472651d3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683716419&t=1683716903&s=64641c17d370bbc1e05a5d508a9e948b11a4db543fd3e749e8160ebb64687425].


¬†