# Articles TLDR Web Dev 29-08-2023

Google and Meta tend to pay their software engineers more than their
peers in Big Tech¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e0969760-4646-11ee-bcdd-891bef2e43e1&pt=campaign&t=1693307250&s=bc7083eaeea8f94e1b8befa64794f20994ae6273d233c3220918d4c3473a1d8a]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Tricentis]
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim-mobile_mobile_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrnewsletter]

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-29

AI-POWERED TESTING FOR CUSTOMER-FACING APPS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim_devops_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrdevopsnewsletter]

Your agile team releases updates every week. You need a test
automation platform that keeps pace and adapts to changes.
Testim
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim_devops_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrdevopsnewsletter]
is a SaaS platform helps you quickly author well-designed,
AI-stabilized tests
[https://www.a.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim_devops_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrdevopsnewsletter]
that require minimal maintenance.

HERE'S WHAT TO EXPECT FROM YOUR FREE TRIAL:
[https://www.tricentis.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim_devops_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrdevopsnewsletter]

ü§©¬†Write your first low-code test in less than 10 minutes

üìù¬†Customize your test with a shareable JavaScript step

‚òÅÔ∏è¬†Run tests on the cloud or integrate it with your CI

ü§ù¬†Invite team members to your project

üëâ¬†Start now to write better tests and ship better software
[https://www.a.com/software-testing-tool-trial-demo/testim-trial?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=testim_devops_global_en_2023-08&utm_content=tldrdevopsnewsletter]

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

CSS SELECTORS: A VISUAL GUIDE & REFERENCE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://fffuel.co/css-selectors/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

CSS selectors are patterns in CSS that can select and style HTML
elements on the page. There are more advanced usages of selectors,
such as pseudo classes and elements, which let you define style for
elements based on their state or relation with other elements. This is
a comprehensive visual guide of all sorts of ways you can select
elements from CSS, from basic class selectors like .my-class to
interesting patterns like the lobotomized owl. 

10 THINGS YOU DIDN‚ÄôT KNOW YOU COULD DO WITH GITHUB PROJECTS (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-08-28-10-things-you-didnt-know-you-could-do-with-github-projects/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


GitHub Projects has been adopted by program managers, OSS maintainers,
enterprises, and individual developers alike for its user-friendly
design and efficiency. We all know that managing issues and pull
requests in our repositories can be challenging. This article explains
10 things you can do with GitHub Projects to make it easier to keep
track of your issues and pull requests. 

WHAT IS A FRONT END DESIGN SYSTEM, AND WHY IS IT NECESSARY? (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://semaphoreci.com/blog/front-end-design-system?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A front-end design system is a collection of reusable components that
can be combined into a cohesive, visually pleasing user experience.
Not having a front-end design system can complicate scalability in the
long run. This article dives into the usefulness of front-end design
systems and how to craft your own for your application or
organization. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

C++ PAPERCUTS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thecodedmessage.com/posts/c++-papercuts/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article focuses on the minor problems of C++, or ‚Äúsmall
usability papercuts.‚Äù These papercuts are intentional by C++, such
as the clunkiness for tuples or the fact that variables are not
auto-set as consts. The author makes a case for why these paper cuts
don‚Äôt make sense from a C++ perspective. 

IS LARAVEL THE HAPPIEST DEVELOPER COMMUNITY ON THE PLANET? (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.com/readme/featured/laravel-community?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


PHP may often be seen as outdated technology. Laravel, the most
popular PHP web framework, was released in 2011. Despite being
‚Äúaged‚Äù compared to other web technologies, Laravel developers are
extremely loyal to the framework. This post explores reasons why and
how Laravel creator, Taylor Williams, kept it so popular. One of these
reasons is Williams' relentless focus on developer experience. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

INTRODUCING CHATGPT ENTERPRISE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/introducing-chatgpt-enterprise?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


OpenAI has launched ChatGPT Enterprise, which offers enterprise-grade
security and privacy, unlimited higher-speed GPT-4 access, longer
context windows for processing longer inputs, advanced data analysis
capabilities, customization options, and much more. 

SVGR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/gregberge/svgr?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

SVGR takes a raw SVG and transforms it into a ready-to-use React
component. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PRISONERS OF GOOGLE ANDROID DEVELOPMENT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://solutional.ee/blog/2023-08-26-Prisoners-of-Google-Android-Development.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This is a real-life case study of how things can get really bad really
fast when developing Android or iOS apps. It uses an example of a
mobile app that needed to be updated to a newer Android SDK version.
After the upgrade, it started crashing on users' devices. While the
developer pushed out a new version shortly after to fix the crashes,
the new app version was still in review, so users had to deal with
crashes until it was finally approved. This shows the downsides of
having a process where apps must be approved by Google or Apple before
going out to their respective App Stores. 

A FEW INTERESTING WAYS TO USE CSS SHADOWS FOR MORE THAN DEPTH (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/08/interesting-ways-use-css-shadows/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


We often think of shadows in CSS as something to use when we want to
add depth to a design. But shadows can be used for more than depth.
This post explores different shadows to make interesting hover
effects, different text styles, and even casting shadows on other
shadows. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE AND META PAY THE BEST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849005/google-meta-best-paying-big-tech-engineers-blind-survey?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Google and Meta tend to pay their software engineers more than their
peers in Big Tech. Apple and Microsoft, meanwhile, pay the least for
entry-level engineers on average, though compensation tends to become
more comparable across Big Tech for senior talent. 

5 AI TOOLS FOR DEVELOPERS TO HELP BOOST YOUR PRODUCTIVITY (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/5-ai-developer-tools-boost-productivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


These 5 tools will allow you to use AI to enhance your workflow. 

MORE DEVELOPERS ARE USING THE RUST LANGUAGE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.infoworld.com/article/3705609/more-developers-are-using-the-rust-language.amp.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


The 2022 State of Rust Survey found that Rust language usage is
continuing to grow, but language difficulty and complexity are top
concerns. 

FRONT-END IS HARDER THAN BACK-END (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37300579&utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

A Hacker News commenter opines that front-end development is harder
than back-end development. Other comments give their thoughts and
opinions. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=e0969760-4646-11ee-bcdd-891bef2e43e1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693306864&t=1693307250&s=79caac2441b488fde9ad1c4cdb607ae04cf8a34905147e43e67b0901d485981b].