# Articles TLDR Web Dev 02-10-2023

Database migrations are challenging, even with tools like Django‚Äôs
migration engine.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1578bf8c-60fd-11ee-8a55-cf864b8f7e0a&pt=campaign&t=1696244634&s=736c30baae55406bcc4b8d49cf81ef9d4788c76aba0eebd2b37e2e44e6a2c2e3]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-10-02

üßë‚Äçüíª

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

DATABASE MIGRATIONS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://vadimkravcenko.com/shorts/database-migrations/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Database migrations are challenging, even with tools like Django‚Äôs
migration engine. Migrating databases involves planning for scenarios
like adding new fields, removing fields, and changing fields with
attached business logic. There are advanced tactics, like dual-write
strategies and phased deployments, that can help mitigate such
challenges. This article dives into best practices for database
migrations, like generating immutable migration scripts, ensuring the
database version is contained within the database, focusing on
backward compatibility, and leveraging modern tools to simplify
migrations.

CLEAN LAYOUT ARCHITECTURE FOR VUE APPLICATIONS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://fadamakis.com/clean-layout-architecture-for-vue-applications-a738201a2a1e?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Vue projects need clear rules and requirements for their layout
architecture, such as declaring layouts and components for each page,
ensuring changes to one page do not affect others, and handling common
layout elements efficiently. This article provides examples, with code
provided, of creating different layouts: three-column, two-column, and
blank. It offers practical insights for managing layouts in Vue
applications.

USING GIT HOOKS WITH MYSQL (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackernoon.com/using-git-hooks-with-mysql?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Version control systems, and Git in particular, are essential tools
for tracking code changes, collaborating with your team, and ensuring
the stability of your codebase. While Git is primarily designed for
source code, you can also use it in combination with MySQL databases
for version control and schema change management. This article
explores how to integrate Git with MySQL for version control using Git
hooks, with specific examples in a guide format.

üß†

OPINIONS & ADVICE

YOU AND YOUR MANAGER: 3 WAYS TO WORK BETTER TOGETHER AND GET WHAT YOU
WANT (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/careercutler/p/you-and-your-manager-3-ways-to-work?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Working with your manager effectively is necessary to perform well at
your job, get promoted faster, and take on more responsibility as a
teammate. This article walks through building trust with your manager,
getting your manager to want to promote you, and dealing with an
unsupportive manager. It gives actionable tips for each step, such as
building trust through feedback.

2023 DEVOPS IS TERRIBLE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://abidmoon.hashnode.dev/2023-devops-is-terrible?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

DevOps has shifted to become more of a job title and a buzzword.
DevOps and Cloud teams have become overbooked, leading to
inefficiencies and frustration. One potential solution is platform
engineering, which involves building an Internal Development Platform
(IDP) that provides composable building blocks and tools for
engineers.

HOW TO DEVELOP A 5 YEAR CAREER PLAN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/09/how-to-develop-a-5-year-career-plan?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Having a long-term plan for your career can help you reduce
career-related stress, increase your perceived employability, and
allow you to connect more deeply with your purpose. This article
outlines 4 steps that will help you to move beyond yearly career goals
and create a five-year plan.

üöÄ

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

BRUNO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/usebruno/bruno?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Bruno is an open-source IDE for exploring and testing APIs. It stores
your collections directly in a folder on your filesystem. Bruno uses a
plain text markup language, Bru, to save information about API
requests. You can use git or any version control of your choice to
collaborate over your API collections.

PDF DEBUGGER (WEBSITE) [https://pdf.hyzyla.dev/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

PDF Debugger allows you to inspect the tree structure of PDF files.

INSOMNIUM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ArchGPT/insomnium?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Insomnium is a fast local API testing tool that is privacy-focused and
works offline. It can be used for testing GraphQL, REST, WebSockets,
and gRPC.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

CAN GENERATIVE AI SOLVE COMPUTER SCIENCE'S GREATEST UNSOLVED PROBLEM?
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/can-generative-ai-solve-computer-sciences-greatest-unsolved-problem/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

The P vs. NP problem is an important unsolved problem in computer
science. Researchers used a Socratic Method to prompt GPT-4 and found
that it provided arguments suggesting that P does not equal NP,
although the validity of this conclusion is still under scrutiny. The
study highlights the potential for large language models to assist in
solving complex problems and the importance of prompt engineering to
guide AI in productive discussions.

NEVER SAY ‚ÄúNO,‚Äù BUT RARELY SAY ‚ÄúYES.‚Äù (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/say-yes/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

For startups, it‚Äôs important to balance staying focused on the main
goal with leaving time to explore new opportunities. People working at
startups should say ‚Äúno‚Äù to distractions that diverge from their
initial vision, but qualify their ‚Äúyes‚Äù answers by setting
conditions that make an opportunity worthwhile, such as the
opportunity advancing the business significantly.

YOUR PROJECT MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE CAN‚ÄôT SAVE YOU (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/project-management-software-productivity/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Do-everything workplace managers like Asana and Trello promise
organizational utopias, but they reveal limitations that date all the
way back to the factory floors of the 1900s.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

THE PYTHON IN MICROSOFT EXCEL TEAM GIVES AN AMA (REDDIT THREAD)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/excel/comments/16tohx5/we_developed_python_in_excel_one_of_microsoft/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Python in Excel makes it possible to natively combine Python and Excel
analytics within the same workbook. The team that developed it hosted
an ‚ÄúAsk Me Anything‚Äù on Reddit.

A RAYCASTING ENGINE IN 7 EASY STEPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://austinhenley.com/blog/raycasting.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Raycasting is a rendering technique that creates a 3D perspective in a
2D map. This tutorial shows readers how to create a raycasting engine
with code examples.

IS AI A PLATFORM SHIFT? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/is-ai-a-platform-shift?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Personal computers, the Internet, mobile, and the cloud were platform
shifts over the past few decades. Whether AI is a platform shift is
yet to be seen.

WHICH BACKEND TECHNOLOGY TO CHOOSE IN 2023: NODE VS PYTHON? (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.sitepoint.com/which-backend-technology-to-choose-in-2023-node-vs-python/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article aims to help you make an informed decision on which
backend technology to choose by comparing Node.js and Python and
discussing their key differences, advantages, and real-world use
cases.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=1578bf8c-60fd-11ee-8a55-cf864b8f7e0a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696244419&t=1696244634&s=5d57775b2b6934049a3b7be5b261e0416adb240d0849d2713eab5b1dc2b29e45].