# Articles TLDR Web Dev 01-09-2023

Vite can offer much faster build times and hot reloading times during
development compared to Webpack.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f68b2838-48a8-11ee-b532-590a78589305&pt=campaign&t=1693566255&s=410bda70232c4a410ee2b35d1fc6ce625dda7c5ed8c395bf281f01d5ef76f849]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-01

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

A GUIDE TO MIGRATING FROM WEBPACK TO VITE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sitepoint.com/webpack-vite-migration/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Vite can offer much faster build times and hot reloading times during
development compared to Webpack. Since Vite offers a better developer
experience, it‚Äôs worth it to make the move from Webpack to Vite.
However, it‚Äôs important to consider that Webpack is a more mature
tool while Vite is still growing. So, while many Webpack plugins have
Vite equivalents, it might be worth waiting for Vite to stabilize more
before migrating. 

HOW GITHUB REDUCES COSTS WITH UPGRADED CODESPACES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-08-31-how-github-reduces-costs-with-upgraded-codespaces/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


GitHub used Codespaces to build not only Codespaces, but the entire
platform. Since rolling out Codespaces internally with upgraded
hardware, its internal developer experience has improved
significantly. GitHub found 50% savings after fully rolling out
Codespaces, and it believes other companies can do the same as a
result. 

BUILDING PERFORMANT RAG APPLICATIONS FOR PRODUCTION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://gpt-index.readthedocs.io/en/latest/end_to_end_tutorials/dev_practices/production_rag.html?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) means fetching up-to-date or
context-specific data from an external database and making it
available to an LLM when asking it to generate a response. Prototyping
a RAG application might be straightforward, but ensuring its
performance, robustness, and scalability for a vast knowledge corpus
can be challenging. This guide offers various techniques to enhance
the performance of your RAG pipeline. The primary objective is to
optimize the retrieval and generation performance to answer more
complex queries over extensive datasets accurately and without
hallucinations. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

MEASURING DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY? A RESPONSE TO MCKINSEY, PART 2 (16
MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity-part-2?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This is the second and final part of the response from Gergely Orosz
(creator of Pragmatic Engineer) and Kent Beck (creator of JUnit and
Test-Driven Development) to the McKinsey article ‚ÄúYes, you can
measure software developer productivity.‚Äù It details several
problems with the McKinsey article, such as the danger of only
measuring outcomes and impact. Furthermore, in developer
organizations, team and individual performance should be measured
differently since the variation can be high. It finally concludes with
tips on how to properly measure developer productivity and how
engineering leaders can decide how much to invest in engineering. 

UNDERSTANDING DEVELOPER BURNOUT: CAUSES, IMPACT, AND SOLUTIONS (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thatamazingprogrammer.com/understanding-developer-burnout-causes-impact-and-solutions?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This is a guide to understanding developer burnout thoroughly. It not
only talks about how to prevent burnout, but also provides tips to
recognize it before it happens. Additionally, it also explains why
burnout happens so often with developers and provides the resources
available to developers. 

IF YOU WANT TO ADDRESS TECH DEBT, QUANTIFY IT FIRST (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/08/24/if-you-want-to-address-tech-debt-quantify-it-first/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


To convince teams to focus on tech debt, it‚Äôs important to be able
to quantify the real financial impact of tech debt. A survey from 2018
by Stripe shows that the average developer spent 13.5 hours on tech
debt and almost another four hours on ‚Äúbad code‚Äù per week. There
are also quantitative measures of code quality such as DORA metrics
and cyclomatic complexity - which have an absolute connection with
developer productivity. Tech debt can also affect new developer
onboarding - 20% of developers leave within 45 days of starting a new
job, which can often be attributed to a not-so-smooth onboarding
experience due to a lack of documentation. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

PARTYKIT (WEBSITE) [https://partykit.io/?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

PartyKit is an open source deployment platform for Al agents,
multiplayer, and local-first apps, games, and websites. 

DNUM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/bpierre/dnum?utm_source=tldrwebdev] 

Dnum provides a small set of utilities to manipulate large numbers
represented as a pair composed of a value (stored as a BigInt) and
corresponding decimals. This structure makes it possible to handle
large decimal numbers in an easy manner, without any loss of
precision, and using an open structure that preserves flexibility. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY RUST IS THE MOST ADMIRED LANGUAGE AMONG DEVELOPERS (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-08-30-why-rust-is-the-most-admired-language-among-developers/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Rust continues to top the charts as the most admired and desired
language by developers. This post dives a little deeper into how (and
why) Rust is stealing the hearts of developers around the world. 

YES, YOU CAN MEASURE SOFTWARE DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/technology-media-and-telecommunications/our-insights/yes-you-can-measure-software-developer-productivity?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Compared with other critical business functions, software development
is perennially under-measured. The long-held belief by many in tech is
that it‚Äôs not possible to measure it accurately. However, this
article discusses an approach to measuring software developer
productivity that builds off of existing productivity metrics with an
added focus on revealing opportunities for performance improvements. 

AI OPERATED TECHNOLOGY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.apifirst.tech/p/ai-operated-technology?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


This article delves into the transformative potential of AI in
reshaping the technological landscape. AI is transitioning from being
a concept of science fiction to a tangible force that is
revolutionizing various sectors. The article emphasizes that AI's true
potential is not to replace humans but to amplify human capabilities,
freeing us from mundane tasks and paving the way for heightened
creativity and innovation. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE 11 TYPES OF TOXIC PULL REQUESTS (ACCORDING TO 4.5 MILLION CODE
BRANCHES) (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://devinterrupted.substack.com/p/the-11-types-of-toxic-pull-requests?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


Following their analysis of 4.5 million code branches, LinearB‚Äôs
researchers found the pull requests causing 90%+ of engineering
bottlenecks to fall within 11 categories. 

HOW I MOVED FROM REACT TO SVELTE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/kedzior_io/how-i-moved-from-react-to-svelte-gdi?utm_source=tldrwebdev]


A quick guide to the advantages of Svelte over React, with explainers
on how Svelte differs on core web concepts like event handling,
lifecycle, and state management. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=f68b2838-48a8-11ee-b532-590a78589305&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693566053&t=1693566255&s=aae7563f27a53a1eb1ba4b0d0635f172658072bf2c64f9295d09b43663628569].