# Articles TLDR Web Dev 01-05-2023

LinkedIn was able to make GraphQL as performant as their previous
in-house solution Deco.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d8ab5d5a-e7f1-11ed-908d-b3c6b2475f65&pt=campaign&t=1682939258&s=6e7cd803f300fcc6084111486ff76e3ecbdad0620d2d1d3b082e2d259201abc1]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-05-01

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

HOW LINKEDIN ADOPTED A GRAPHQL ARCHITECTURE FOR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/2023/how-linkedin-adopted-a-graphql-architecture-for-product-developm]


This is a deep dive into the architecture of Linkedin‚Äôs GraphQL
layer. LinkedIn was able to make GraphQL as performant as their
previous in-house solution Deco. The blog post also covers numerous
hard technical challenges that LinkedIn engineers faced when switching
to GraphQL. 

GROKKING SIMPLICITY: TAMING COMPLEX SOFTWARE WITH FUNCTIONAL THINKING
(19 MINUTE READ) [https://bagerbach.com/books/grokking-simplicity] 

This blog post presents notes on Grokking Simplicity, which goes over
methods to make working with complex software easier. It goes over
using functional programming effectively, distinguishing types of
code, using first-class abstractions, and more. 

HOW EBAY MODERNIZED THE MOST IMPORTANT PAGE ON OUR PLATFORM (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://tech.ebayinc.com/engineering/how-ebay-modernized-the-most-important-page-on-our-platform/]


eBay‚Äôs View Item Page is the most active eBay page with over 250
million loads per day, but the code hasn‚Äôt had an intentional
rewrite for over a decade. This article summarizes the journey of how
eBay was able to refactor the page to a more modern tech stack. It
goes over defining a list of metrics as goals, establishing a
refactoring strategy, and reflecting on learnings from the process.
The outcomes include decreasing lead time for changes from 3 weeks to
<1.5 days and allowing more frequent deployments. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

MAYBE YOU SHOULD STORE PASSWORDS IN PLAINTEXT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.qword.net/2023/04/30/maybe-you-should-store-passwords-in-plaintext]


This opinion piece talks about financial incentives in software
engineering. When people are driven by financial incentives and the
wrong metrics, this can lead to worse software systems. 

MASTERING COMPLEXITY IN SOFTWARE ENGINEERING (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/dennisschroeder/thoughts-on/blob/main/Complexity_in_Software_engineering.md]


Mastering complexity is an essential concept in software engineering,
but it can be hard to do. Most software systems get more complex as
they scale, but leaving complexity unchecked can lead to bugs,
crashes, loss of revenue, and more. These notes dive into how
complexity occurs and methods to both prevent and tackle it. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

EVA (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/georgia-tech-db/eva] 

EVA is a database system for building simpler and faster AI-powered
applications. EVA is designed for supporting database applications
that operate on both structured (tables, feature vectors) and
unstructured data (videos, podcasts, PDFs, etc.) using deep learning
models. It also supports an AI-oriented SQL-like query language
tailored for analyzing unstructured data. 

LOG4BRAINS (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/thomvaill/log4brains] 

Log4brains is a docs-as-code knowledge base for your development and
infrastructure projects. It enables you to log Architecture Decision
Records right from your IDE and publish them automatically as a static
website. This allows developers to better understand past technical
decisions, onboard new developers quicker, have up-to-date
documentation, and set up collaborative decision processes. 

TUTIM (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/tutim-io/tutim] 

Tutim provides open-source wizard form infrastructure for web
applications. It gives you your own in-house multi-step form builder
that's fully integrated with your component library and design system.
Everybody on your team can create, edit, and publish wizards and
surveys in your app regardless of their technical background. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE WEB‚ÄôS MOST IMPORTANT DECISION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehistoryoftheweb.com/postscript/the-webs-most-important-decision/]


Thirty years ago, CERN and Tim Berners-Lee gave the world the World
Wide Web for free, relinquishing all intellectual property rights and
entering it into the public domain. The article narrates a brief
history of the events leading up to the decision. 

DOORDASH IDENTIFIES FIVE BIG AREAS FOR USING GENERATIVE AI (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://doordash.engineering/2023/04/26/doordash-identifies-five-big-areas-for-using-generative-ai/]


Doordash identifies five big areas for using generative AI: automating
tasks, better personalized recommendations, generating personalized
marketing content, understanding & parsing unstructured data, and
improving employee productivity. The post gives usage examples of each
area and highlights challenges with adopting generative AI. 

EXCITING SQLITE IMPROVEMENTS SINCE 2020 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.airsequel.com/exciting-sqlite-improvements-since-2020/] 

Despite its widespread usage, there is a common misconception that
SQLite is a stagnant or outdated technology since it‚Äôs been around
for more than 20 years. This blog post takes a look at some of the
exciting improvements and refinements that SQLite has seen since 2020,
such as full JSON support via built-in functions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MICROSOFT IS REWRITING CORE WINDOWS LIBRARIES IN RUST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/04/27/microsoft_windows_rust/] 

Microsoft is rewriting core Windows libraries in the Rust programming
language, and the more memory-safe code is already reaching
developers. Rust is focused on memory safety and similar protections,
which cuts down on the number of bad bugs in the resulting code. 

SAVE MONEY BY AUTOSCALING YOUR FLY APPS TO ZERO WHEN INACTIVE (6
MINUTE READ) [https://www.jacobparis.com/guides/fly-autoscale-to-zero]


Fly.io is a platform that allows you to host full-stack apps. However,
keeping a server running all the time can be expensive, especially for
projects that don‚Äôt necessarily need to be running 24/7. Fly allows
you to autoscale your apps to zero when they're not in use, and then
start them back up immediately on the first request to the app. 

TELL HN: CLOUDFLARE VERIFICATION IS BREAKING THE INTERNET (HACKER NEWS
THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35742606] 

This Hacker News author finds that CloudFlare verification on
non-Chrome browsers can lead to an infinite loop of verification,
effectively preventing the author from viewing websites. Commenters
note some technical reasons why this is happening. Since the post was
created, the CloudFlare team has engaged with the author. 

FROGMOUTH (GITHUB REPO) [https://github.com/Textualize/frogmouth] 

Frogmouth is a Markdown viewer / browser for your terminal. It can
open *.md files locally or via a URL. There is a familiar browser-like
navigation stack, history, bookmarks, and table of contents. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyam-mohanty/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=d8ab5d5a-e7f1-11ed-908d-b3c6b2475f65&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682938819&t=1682939258&s=72fef39040efaa7e1f02c5fdfa57730a6b4d306df2c442741fd2741fb624fa9b].


¬†