# Articles TLDR Web Dev 23-06-2023

Svelte 4 has been released.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2e7bdc58-11a2-11ee-9672-01215f5be424&pt=campaign&t=1687518774&s=835a7bbdbe8afe8148332d6984afb8999e4f661b331c41ff503cf741934a06dd]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-06-23

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

CRAFTING A BETTER, FASTER CODE VIEW (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-21-crafting-a-better-faster-code-view/]

The new GitHub Code View brings users many new features to improve the
code reading and exploration experience. GitHub‚Äôs engineering team
overcame a number of unique technical hurdles in order to deliver
these features without compromising performance. The team had a few
guiding principles on which they refused to compromise while building
the new Code View, such as the importance of speed, intuitiveness, and
ease of use. In this article, they dive through the challenges they
faced and how they solved them in detail. 

CREATING ANIMATED LOGOS WITH LOTTIE AND VUE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/creating-animated-logos-lottie-vue-3/]

There are many different ways to create animated logos, for example,
using SVG or GIF files with animated icons. However, these types of
animations can be demanding on website performance and can slow down
your website. Lottie is a JSON-based animation format that is only
half the size of other animation formats. This article introduces
Lottie‚Äôs features and walks readers through the process of creating
a Lottie animation and integrating it into a Vue 3 application. 

EVERYTHING YOU ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT TCP BUT TOO AFRAID TO ASK
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytebytego.com/p/everything-you-always-wanted-to-know]

This article provides a comprehensive overview of the Transmission
Control Protocol (TCP), a key protocol in client-server
communications. It explains the process of establishing and
terminating a TCP connection, known as the 3-way handshake, and how
TCP handles lost segments during this process. The article also
discusses TCP keepalive, a mechanism for checking client status, and
how TCP manages various edge cases, such as when the client or server
goes offline. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

ASK HN: HOW TO BREAK INTO AI ENGINEERING (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36432598]

A thread on Hacker News where commenters give advice on breaking into
AI engineering. The replies contain resources on learning the skills
and knowledge necessary to become a great AI engineer. 

BEFORE YOUR NEXT FRONTEND PULL REQUEST, USE THIS CHECKLIST (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://evilmartians.com/chronicles/before-your-next-frontend-pull-request-use-this-checklist]

Frontend pull requests often contain common mistakes which can cause
nasty bugs, jangled nerves, and wasted time. But they can be easily
avoided by following this list of 7 small (but crucial) rules. 

3 RED FLAGS THAT MEANS YOUR TEAM IS BURNT OUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90906003/red-flags-team-burned-out]

Sometimes, a team collectively hits a wall and experiences burn out.
There will always be signs that lead up to this. This article outlines
what some of the tell tale indications of burnout are and how you can
help your team get out of a slump. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ANNOUNCING SVELTE 4 (3 MINUTE READ) [https://svelte.dev/blog/svelte-4]

Svelte 4 has been released. Svelte is a JavaScript framework that‚Äôs
an alternative to React and Angular. Its goal is to be efficient,
tiny, and extremely easy to write. Svelte 4 results in a 75% reduction
in package size, a better developer experience, updated docs, and many
other features. 

UNKEY (WEBSITE) [https://unkey.dev]

Unkey is an open source API key management solution. It allows you to
create, manage, and validate API keys for your users. It‚Äôs built
with security and speed in mind. 

AI GETTING STARTED (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a16z-infra/ai-getting-started]

The venture capital firm a16z has published AI Getting Started, a
Javascript ‚ÄúAI getting started stack‚Äù for weekend projects,
including image/text models, vector stores, auth, and deployment
configs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE TRIMODAL NATURE OF SOFTWARE INTERNSHIP SALARIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.levels.fyi/blog/software-internship-salaries.html]

Doing an internship is a great way to start building your future
career, but there's something that often confuses people - the fact
that software engineer internship salaries are usually split into
three groups. By understanding the trimodal nature of internship
salaries, you can make better choices about your career path and
income expectations. Most internship salaries fall into 3 categories:
‚Äúmost companies‚Äù pay $15-30/hour, top big tech, finance, and
consulting pay $40-$70/hour, and the top trading firms and hedge funds
pay $60-150/hour. 

ULTIMATE GUIDE TO MASTER PROMPT ENGINEERING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://levelup.gitconnected.com/ultimate-guide-to-master-prompt-engineering-638fd06b9784]

As Al becomes universally integrated into our digital lives, learning
prompt engineering - the art and science of instructing AI effectively
- is as vital as learning to code was at the dawn of the digital
revolution. Well-crafted prompts can mean the difference between
receiving useful insights or artificial gibberish. This article will
teach you how to get the most out of AI and successfully execute
prompt engineering. 

VR MARKET SHARE & HEADSET SHIPMENTS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/newcomer/p/vr-market-share-and-headset-shipments]

This article lays out the history of the VR headset market from the
first Oculus headset in 2011 to today explained with 11 charts. It
demonstrates market interest over the years, how the Vision Pro‚Äôs
specs compare with the existing headsets in the market, and how the
gaming market uses VR headsets. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

VISIONOS | APPLE DEVELOPER DOCUMENTATION (WEBSITE)
[https://developer.apple.com/documentation/visionOS]

Apple has released their developer documentation for VisionOS, the
operating system for the Apple Vision Pro. 

EXPLORING GITHUB WITH THE REDESIGNED NAVIGATION, NOW IN PUBLIC BETA (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-06-15-exploring-github-with-the-redesigned-navigation-now-in-public-beta/]

GitHub‚Äôs redesigned navigation is enabled for all users as a public
beta. The navigation has been designed to make it easier to find your
way around the site and quickly access your most-used features and
functionality. 

8 KEY OOP CONCEPTS EVERY DEVELOPER SHOULD KNOW (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/alexxubyte/status/1671174012167413761?s=46]

OOP is a powerful tool in your coder's toolbox. It allows you to
create blueprints (called classes) for digital objects, and these
objects know how to communicate with one another to make amazing
things happen in your software. Having a well-organized toolbox rather
than a jumbled drawer of tools makes your code tidier and easier to
change. 

USING TYPESCRIPT GENERATORS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/understanding-typescript-generators/]

Normal functions run from top to bottom and then exit. Generator
functions also run from top to bottom, but they can be paused during
execution and resume later from the same point. This article will
teach you how to use generator functions in TypeScript and cover a few
different examples and use cases. 

NIGERIAN ENGINEERING STUDENTS' FAVORITE TEACHERS ARE INDIAN YOUTUBERS
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://restofworld.org/2023/nigerian-engineering-students-indian-youtubers/]

Nigerian engineering students are increasingly turning to Indian
YouTubers for supplementary academic support. Though the Indian
educational channels weren‚Äôt created to cater to Nigerian students,
they‚Äôre now trying to make their lessons accessible to all. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [http://primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=2e7bdc58-11a2-11ee-9672-01215f5be424&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687518041&t=1687518774&s=29a0fb2ed53bea23c2371d8763166d57f83e9e5f88c6dfb9471f049a7100e8e1].