# Articles TLDR Web Dev 24-08-2023

Errors can become more complex and challenging to diagnose as your
Vue.js application grows in size and complexity¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=5e26fb86-4258-11ee-ac36-791f15a01585&pt=campaign&t=1692875053&s=61671522178479c17b939ed6d44a8068f088c41965ad6c457db3cbe6bfec946d]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-08-24

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

DEBUGGING MAGIC WITH VUE DEVTOOLS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://vueschool.io/articles/vuejs-tutorials/debugging-magic-with-vue-devtools/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Errors can become more complex and challenging to diagnose as your
Vue.js application grows in size and complexity. Vue Devtools is a
powerful debugging tool that can debug components, states, events,
props, routes, and more. This article dives into how to effectively
use Vue Devtools to make debugging easier. 

HOW GAMES TYPICALLY GET BUILT (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/how-games-typically-get-built/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

This article introduces readers to the world of game development and
compares it to the software engineering approaches at tech companies.
The game development world is very different from the software
development world. Video games are very complex pieces of software and
are built in different conditions under different constraints than
business applications. The article covers typical roles within game
development, how games typically get built, and the game development
lifecycle. While game development is different from web development,
there are similarities that can help one become a better developer
overall. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

HOW TO SABOTAGE YOUR SALARY NEGOTIATION EFFORTS BEFORE YOU EVEN START
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://interviewing.io/blog/sabotage-salary-negotiation-before-even-start?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

There are two things that you must avoid when negotiating your salary:
revealing information too early in the process and negotiating before
you‚Äôre ready. This article goes through multiple useful anecdotes
for both of these situations that apply to anyone reading. Generally,
the goal is to withhold information from the recruiter that can give
up leverage until you actually have leverage. For example, if you‚Äôre
in the process of interviewing for various companies, it‚Äôs not a
good idea to share this immediately, but rather share it later on in
the process when you have offers from multiple companies. 

USE WEB COMPONENTS FOR WHAT THEY‚ÄôRE GOOD AT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://nolanlawson.com/2023/08/23/use-web-components-for-what-theyre-good-at/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Web components should not be used everywhere. Instead, they should be
used for what they excel in. They can be used as glue code to prevent
rewrites when moving to new frameworks (Yes, two frameworks can live
on the same page). The downsides of web components include
accessibility issues and various issues with server-side rendering. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LOGTO: AN AUTH0 ALTERNATIVE FOR BUILDING MODERN CUSTOMER IDENTITY
INFRASTRUCTURE WITH MINIMAL EFFORT (SPONSOR)
[https://logto.io/?ref=tldr]

Strong identity management is non-negotiable in modern software.
Whether you're just starting out and selling to individuals or
planning to expand to large enterprise clients, Logto
[https://logto.io/?ref=tldr] can help quickly implement must-have
authentication features [https://logto.io/?ref=tldr].
‚úîÔ∏è¬†Hosted in the üá™üá∫ EU.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Robust security with stringent protocol adherence
[https://logto.io/?ref=tldr].

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Baked-in DevSecOps practices, advanced encryption, and data
protection.

Start free for up to 7500 MAU ‚ÜóÔ∏è [https://logto.io/?ref=tldr]

DATAHERALD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Dataherald/dataherald?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Dataherald is a natural language-to-SQL engine built for
enterprise-level question answering over structured data. It allows
you to set up an API from your database that can answer questions in
plain English. 

INTRODUCING SAFECODER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://huggingface.co/blog/safecoder?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Safecoder is a code assistant solution built for the enterprise that
can be self hosted and allows you to build your own code LLMs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FITTING AI MODELS IN YOUR POCKET WITH QUANTIZATION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/08/23/fitting-ai-models-in-your-pocket-with-quantization/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A Qualcomm expert breaks down some of the tools and techniques they
use to fit Generative AI models on a smartphone. Quantization
techniques like LoRA are the industry standard way to reduce model
size. This article explains how this technique works in layman‚Äôs
terms. It also explains how Qualcomm's open-source AI Model Efficiency
Toolkit aids in this process. 

SLACK‚ÄôS MIGRATION TO A CELLULAR ARCHITECTURE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://slack.engineering/slacks-migration-to-a-cellular-architecture/?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A cellular architecture increases redundancy and reduces the blast
radius of failures. Slack migrated from a monolithic architecture to a
cellular architecture to take advantage of these benefits. This
started because of an incident where Slack had trouble detecting an
issue in its distributed system. 

BEST RUST WEB FRAMEWORKS TO USE IN 2023 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.shuttle.rs/blog/2023/08/23/rust-web-framework-comparison?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

A deep dive into a wide variety of Rust web frameworks, including
Axum, Actix, Rocket, Warp, Tide, Poem, and Pavex. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PSA: ADD DIR="AUTO" TO YOUR INPUTS AND TEXTAREAS. (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mough.xyz/312/psa-add-dir-auto-to-your-inputs-and-textareas?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Add dir="auto" to your inputs and textareas. This enables automatic
support of right-to-left languages like Arabic. 

STOP COVERING ALL THE COMPONENTS WITH INTEGRATION TESTS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://dev.to/borysshulyak/stop-covering-all-the-components-with-integration-tests-m0a?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

You should not test all your classes and components in integration
tests. Instead, only test high-level components that will initialize
the child components so the tests can be run quicker. 

PYTUDES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/norvig/pytudes?utm_source=tldrwebdev]

Python programs for perfecting particular programming skills. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e8d201ca-3e93-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041ccd68-96a1-11ed-8e9e-513e97bed5fb&p=5e26fb86-4258-11ee-ac36-791f15a01585&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692874820&t=1692875053&s=2f650c451077400a87213d9d77bd3c3af83a8a4e2a1d158c533b2bcf1dbbd150].