# Articles TLDR InfoSec 15-09-2023

Meduza co-founder Galina Timchenkos phone was infected with Pegasus
spyware¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=c7c00422-53c2-11ee-ae34-3d246eecef99&pt=campaign&t=1694783070&s=ed6cef4ebaf3db4c6bd43ef21bd3177b37b62ab9129a55328eb98b0f7d33173f]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-15

DON‚ÄôT LET COMPLIANCE BE THE WEAKEST LINK IN YOUR SECURITY PROGRAM
(SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

If compliance matters to your organization, it can‚Äôt be an
afterthought. Modern GRC teams shouldn‚Äôt be scrambling to collect
evidence and generate reports before an audit. What‚Äôs the
alternative?
The best organizations partner with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
to automate their compliance journey from start to finish. ‚ÄúThe
promise of automation
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
has long been discussed in the compliance world, but never truly
realized. Drata has turned it into reality.‚Äù ‚Äî Jonathan Jaffe,
CISO, Lemonade.

	* 19+ frameworks supported
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
(SOC 2, GDPR, HIPAA‚Ä¶)
	* 75+ SaaS and cloud integrations
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
	* 500K+ users worldwide (G2 overall leader)

Find out why thousands of companies chose Drata for compliance
automation
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

SPYWARE FOUND ON THE PHONE OF PROMINENT RUSSIAN JOURNALIST (18 MINUTE
READ)
[https://meduza.io/en/feature/2023/09/13/the-million-dollar-reporter?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Meduza co-founder Galina Timchenko's phone was infected with Pegasus
spyware, making her the first Russian journalist to be targeted. The
software is marketed exclusively to state clients for use against
criminals, but has been used to target journalists, activists, and
politicians around the world. Meduza worked with experts to
investigate the attack and learn which states may have spent millions
of dollars to hijack Timchenko's phone.

SAVE THE CHILDREN HIT BY RANSOMWARE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/11/bianlian_save_the_children/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cybercrime crew BianLian says it has broken into the IT systems of top
nonprofit Save The Children and stolen a ton of files, including what
they claim is financial, health, and medical data.

MICROSOFT TEAMS USED TO PUSH DARKGATE MALWARE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-teams-phishing-attack-pushes-darkgate-malware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A new phishing campaign is sending malicious attachments that install
the DarkGate malware loader via Microsoft Teams. The article contains
more details about the obfuscation and detection evasion mechanisms
that the malware uses.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ENFORCING DNS NAME CONSTRAINTS IN AWS PRIVATE CA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-enforce-dns-name-constraints-in-aws-private-ca/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A very thorough tutorial on the unintuitive process to enforce DNS
name constraints in an AWS private CA. The post includes sample code
and tests to verify the constraints.

FINDING A COMMAND INJECTION VULNERABILITY IN KUBERNETES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.akamai.com/blog/security-research/kubernetes-critical-vulnerability-command-injection?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Akamai details the newly released CVE-2023-3676 which is a command
injection vulnerability in Kubernetes on Windows hosts. This article
details the vulnerability and provides a proof-of-concept YAML file, a
method to check if you‚Äôre vulnerable, and an OPA rule to block the
vulnerability.

HOW TO SECURELY BUILD PRODUCT FEATURES USING AI APIS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://tldrsec.com/p/securely-build-product-ai-machine-learning?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article comprehensively discusses the risks associated with
building product features using third-party Large Language Model APIs
and offers controls available to mitigate these risks. The article
also suggests traditional governance, risk, and compliance controls,
as well as provides a lot of reference material on the topic.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

WINDOWS 11 ADDS NEW FEATURE TO BLOCK NTLM OVER SMB (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/new-windows-11-feature-blocks-ntlm-based-attacks-over-smb/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

NTLM over SMB is commonly used when attacking Windows domains in
attacks such as pass-the-hash or password cracking. In a new update,
Windows 11 will allow administrators to block NTLM responses over SMB
to prevent hashes being leaked to external servers. Previously, the
only way to achieve this was to disable NTLM completely

CHROMEBOOKS WILL GET 10 YEARS OF AUTOMATIC UPDATES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/outreach-initiatives/education/automatic-update-extension-chromebook/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Google has announced that all Chromebooks will receive regular
automatic updates for 10 years, making them the most updated operating
system available. The platform encourages the use of renewable
materials, with plans to use more post-consumer recycled materials for
future models. The company also aims to make repair processes quicker
and more energy-efficient with new features such as adaptive charging
and battery saver.

CYBERCATCH LAUNCHES AI-ENABLED COMPLIANCE SOLUTION FOR NEW SEC
CYBERSECURITY INCIDENT REPORTING AND RISK MANAGEMENT RULE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cybercatch-launches-ai-enabled-compliance-solution-for-new-sec-cybersecurity-incident-reporting-and-risk-management-rule-301925690.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

CyberCatch has launched an SEC Compliance Manager solution to enable
compliance with the SEC's new Cybersecurity Incident Reporting and
Risk Management Rule. The new rule mandates reporting and disclosure
of a material cybersecurity incident within four business days and
disclosure of cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance,
including board oversight over cybersecurity risk management.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

CISA RELEASES ITS OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE SECURITY ROADMAP (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/alerts/2023/09/12/cisa-releases-its-open-source-software-security-roadmap?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

CISA has released a roadmap outlining its Open Source Security
strategy. The roadmap outlines what CISA‚Äôs role is in the space, how
CISA plans to outline key dependencies, and how CISA plans to reduce
risk to the government and consumers.

A CRITICAL WEBP BUG HAS BEEN UNEARTHED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://stackdiary.com/critical-vulnerability-in-webp-codec-cve-2023-4863/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A significant vulnerability in the WebP Codec affecting the heap
buffer overflow has been unearthed, prompting major browser vendors,
including Google and Mozilla, to expedite the release of updates to
address the issue.

CODE VULNERABILITIES PUT SKIFF EMAILS AT RISK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sonarsource.com/blog/code-vulnerabilities-put-skiff-emails-at-risk/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Sonar Research team discovered and responsibly disclosed code
vulnerabilities in Skiff's web client that would allow attackers to
steal decrypted emails and impersonate victims if they interacted with
malicious messages. This article provides technical details of the
vulnerabilities found and advice on how to avoid such vulnerabilities
in code.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

WHEN MFA ISN‚ÄôT ACTUALLY MFA (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://retool.com/blog/mfa-isnt-mfa/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Retool faced an unauthorized access issue involving 27 cloud customers
due to a spear-phishing attack via text message. The breach started
with an employee's compromised Google account, underscoring the need
for employee training and strong defense measures.

HACKERS CLAIM IT ONLY TOOK A 10-MINUTE PHONE CALL TO SHUT DOWN MGM
RESORTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/hackers-claim-it-only-took-a-10-minute-phone-call-to-shutdown-mgm-resorts-143147493.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The ALPHV/BlackCat ransomware group took responsibility for the MGM
Resorts cyber outage on Tuesday, claiming that the conversation that
granted initial access took just 10 minutes.

IS NO SOFTWARE SAFE FROM 0-DAYS? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/with-0-days-hitting-chrome-ios-and-dozens-more-this-month-is-no-software-safe/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

With an unprecedented 70 zero-day vulnerabilities uncovered so far in
2023, apps are being patched at a rapid rate. Apple, Microsoft,
Google, Mozilla, Adobe, and Cisco have all been affected, and this
month the number of zero-days tracked has been considerably higher
than the monthly average.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=c7c00422-53c2-11ee-ae34-3d246eecef99&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694782831&t=1694783070&s=f52d948ae68796e29c032780b35244372c1033fdb2abecf61097acb85d0ee413].