# Articles TLDR InfoSec 18-10-2023

Guardio Labs has detected a new technique used in a browser update
scam campaign.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1b5c3fea-6da6-11ee-9dde-b5b8007332aa&pt=campaign&t=1697634216&s=05d2ea663533dc456a35d84bae0ab7d55da79464f3c4634f30d78e61ec1c0909]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Wiz]
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-18

 RAMPANT CLOUD ACTIVITY? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]


 Cloud risk can grow faster than your AWS bill (true story).¬†
That‚Äôs why Wiz partnered with Wiley to create the AWS Security for
Dummies
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]
ebook. This free pdf contains 46 pages of expert tips to harden your
AWS environment, including:¬†

	* How to get the basics right to help scale security when your
footprint (inevitably) grows¬†
	* How to secure specific resources based on your usage (VMs, S3,
Cloudtrails, and more)¬†
	* Which critical weaknesses to prioritize so you aren‚Äôt caught off
guard

All of these techniques can be found here -- grab your free digital
copy now and boost your AWS security posture
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies].¬†

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 CISCO WARNS OF NEW IOS XE ZERO-DAY ACTIVELY EXPLOITED IN ATTACKS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/cisco-warns-of-new-ios-xe-zero-day-actively-exploited-in-attacks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Cisco has warned of a new zero-day vulnerability (CVE-2023-20198) in
its IOS XE software that can give attackers full administrator
privileges and control over routers. The vulnerability affects devices
that have the Web User Interface (Web UI) feature enabled and the HTTP
or HTTPS Server feature toggled on. Users are advised to disable HTTP
server features on internet-facing routers. 

 PSA: CRITICAL UNAUTHENTICATED ARBITRARY FILE UPLOAD VULNERABILITY IN
ROYAL ELEMENTOR ADDONS AND TEMPLATES BEING ACTIVELY EXPLOITED (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordfence.com/blog/2023/10/psa-critical-unauthenticated-arbitrary-file-upload-vulnerability-in-royal-elementor-addons-and-templates-being-actively-exploited/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Security researchers are warning of a critical-severity vulnerability
in the Royal Elementor Addons and Templates WordPress plugin that has
been exploited as a zero-day for more than a month. It could be
affecting more than 200,000 installations. The exploited bug is
tracked as CVE-2023-5360 with a CVSS score of 9.8. The security firm
has seen more than 46,000 attacks attempting to exploit this
vulnerability. 

 ETHERHIDING: HIDING MALICIOUS CODE IN BLOCKCHAINS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://labs.guard.io/etherhiding-hiding-web2-malicious-code-in-web3-smart-contracts-65ea78efad16]


 Guardio Labs has detected a new technique used in a browser update
scam campaign. The browser update scam works by injecting malicious
loader code in infected WordPress sites which prompts users to update
their browser and download malware. The unique twist in this campaign
was that the loader retrieved its payload from a Binance Smart
Contract which protects it from takedown requests that could occur
from other hosts (such as Cloudflare workers). 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 DISCLOSING THE BLOODALCHEMY BACKDOOR (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/disclosing-the-bloodalchemy-backdoor?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 BLOODALCHEMY is a backdoor shellcode that contains only original
code. It is likely a new backdoor and still in active development. It
was discovered in the REF5961 intrusion set and requires a specific
loader to run. The backdoor has multiple running modes, persistence
mechanisms, and communication options. 

 SO YOU WANT TO BE A SOC ANALYST? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ecapuano.com/p/so-you-want-to-be-a-soc-analyst-intro?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This is the first of a four-part series that helps newcomers to the
security world start by setting up their virtualization environment
and create, detect, and block attacks. 

 BOOTSTRAPPING AN AIR-GAPPED CLUSTER WITH KUBEADM (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://kubernetes.io/blog/2023/10/12/bootstrap-an-air-gapped-cluster-with-kubeadm/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Air-gapped systems are systems that are physically disconnected from
the public internet, often for security reasons. This post explores
the process of bootstrapping a Kubernetes cluster on an air-gapped
system using kubeadm. It steps through the various dependencies that
are needed to run a Kubernetes cluster with no internet access. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 KASPERSKY CONTAINER SECURITY (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.kaspersky.com/enterprise-security/container-security?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Kaspersky, a household name in the personal malware protection space,
is launching a container security product focused on preventing
vulnerabilities in containers in the CI/CD pipeline and at runtime. 

 PWN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/0dayInc/pwn?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 PWN is an open security automation framework that aims to stand on
the shoulders of security giants, promoting trust and innovation. 

 PENTESTGPT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/GreyDGL/PentestGPT?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 PentestGPT is a GPT-empowered penetrating tool. The tool is designed
to automate the penetrating process by interactively guiding
pentesters using ChatGPT. Newer releases of the tool also support
local LLMs. 

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

 MICROSOFT TO PHASE OUT NTLM IN FAVOR OF KERBEROS FOR STRONGER
AUTHENTICATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehackernews.com/2023/10/microsoft-to-phase-out-ntlm-in-favor-of.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Microsoft is planning to eliminate NT LAN Manager (NTLM) in Windows
11 and focus on strengthening the Kerberos authentication protocol. It
is making improvements to encourage the use of Kerberos instead. NTLM
will continue to be available as a fallback for existing
compatibility. 

 EQUIFAX FINED $13.5 MILLION OVER 2017 DATA BREACH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/equifax-gets-13-5-million-fine-over-2017-data-breach/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The British watchdog Financial Conduct Authority has fined Equifax
Ltd, the UK arm of credit reporting firm Equifax Inc, more than ¬£11
million over the massive 2017 data breach. 

 SLACK‚ÄôS GOOGLE DRIVE APP CAN SHARE YOUR PRIVATE FILES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.kapwing.com/blog/slacks-google-drive-integration-shares-private-documents/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Slack‚Äôs Google Drive app includes a feature that enables it to load
a preview of a file being shared from Google Drive. However, Slack
does not factor in the permissions of the recipient of the preview and
instead just uses the sharer‚Äôs permissions to generate the preview.
This can lead to instances where a file preview is shared with users
who don‚Äôt have access to the Google Drive file. 

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

 JAPAN JOINS CYBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK TO ENCOURAGE SECURE BY DESIGN
SOFTWARE, SHIFT ACCOUNTABILITY BURDEN TO MANUFACTURERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://japannews.yomiuri.co.jp/politics/defense-security/20231017-143849/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Japan has joined an international framework, backed by cyber powers
that include the United States, the United Kingdom, and Israel, for
software manufacturers to ensure the security of their products
against cyber-attacks. 

 WHATSAPP ANNOUNCES PASSKEY SUPPORT FOR ANDROID (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/16/23919609/whatsapp-passkey-android-update-passwordless-security?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Meta announced that it has rolled out Passkey support for
passwordless authentication on WhatsApp for Android. It didn‚Äôt
provide a firm timeline but indicated that Passkey support for
WhatsApp on iOS will be rolling out in the coming weeks and months. 

 APTS ARE USING DISCORD TO HOST MALWARE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/discord-still-a-hotbed-of-malware-activity-now-apts-join-the-fun/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Discord has been commonly used by threat actors in malicious
campaigns as a CDN for serving malware. Trellix has identified at
least 10,000 malware samples that utilize Discord to load second-stage
malware. Some APTs and sophisticated threat actors are using Discord
to serve malware as the platform has not managed to effectively
address these issues. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1b5c3fea-6da6-11ee-9dde-b5b8007332aa&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697634019&t=1697634216&s=eac77f90751f3d9f8a6d41fd36d0ae74b74bdf4d31b4581523fbd3ad63d15dc6].