# Articles TLDR InfoSec 08-09-2023

Two zero-day vulnerabilities fixed by Apple were exploited to deploy
Pegasus commercial spyware onto fully patched iPhones¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=f40aba20-4e33-11ee-a528-99dfde675ac4&pt=campaign&t=1694178257&s=a3ceaa87dcd1d1ee92a8a5f4ccfbabe0f017dbbb3056700982986f8506092161]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-08

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

EXPERTS FEAR CROOKS ARE CRACKING STOLEN LASTPASS KEYS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/09/experts-fear-crooks-are-cracking-keys-stolen-in-lastpass-breach/?mid=1&utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A steady trickle of cryptocurrency heists targeting security-conscious
tech professionals has led some to believe that LastPass Vaults that
were involved in the November 2022 breach were cracked. Taylor
Monahan, lead product manager of MetaMask, documented the heists on X
and notes that the victims of the cryptocurrency schemes are unique in
that they have not suffered from any of the attacks (such as email
compromise) that tend to predate these attacks. More details and
interviews are presented in the article. 

BLASTPASS NSO GROUP IPHONE ZERO-CLICK, ZERO-DAY EXPLOIT CAPTURED IN
THE WILD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://citizenlab.ca/2023/09/blastpass-nso-group-iphone-zero-click-zero-day-exploit-captured-in-the-wild/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Two zero-day vulnerabilities fixed by Apple in emergency security
updates were exploited to deploy Pegasus commercial spyware onto fully
patched iPhones through iMessage. The attackers were able to infect
iPhones without victim interaction by sending PassKit attachments
containing malicious images. Apple and Citizen Lab are encouraging
device updates and the activation of Lockdown Mode for those at risk
of targeted attacks. 

SEE TICKETS ALERTS 300,000 CUSTOMERS AFTER ANOTHER WEB SKIMMER ATTACK
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/see-tickets-alerts-300000-customers-after-another-web-skimmer-attack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Ticketing services agency See Tickets has notified more than 300,000
individuals that their payment card data was stolen in a new web
skimmer attack. The ticketing services agency also notes that it has
no evidence to suggest that the stolen personal information was
fraudulently used. However, such data is typically shared between
cybercriminals and used to perform various types of fraud. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

INSIDE COUNTERCLOUD: A $400 FULLY AUTONOMOUS AI DISINFORMATION SYSTEM
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedebrief.org/countercloud-ai-disinformation/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Security researcher Nea Paw has created a fully autonomous AI
disinformation system called CounterCloud using existing AI tools. The
CounterCloud AI system can scrape, generate, and distribute
AI-generated disinformation tweets and articles. This research project
has not been made publicly available and all tweets and articles have
been kept private. Experienced journalists who received access to the
generated content reported that it seemed very realistic. 

GETTING STARTED WITH ETHICAL HACKING SERIES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://snyk.io/series/ethical-hacking/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Ethical hacking refers to the process of identifying and exploiting
vulnerabilities in computer systems, networks, and applications with
the intention of improving their security. This series dives into how
anyone can get into ethical hacking. 

MICROSOFT: HOW CHINESE HACKERS STOLE SIGNING KEY TO BREACH OUTLOOK
ACCOUNTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hackread.com/microsoft-chinese-hackers-signing-key-breach-outlook/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

In a post-mortem report, Microsoft revealed how hackers stole a
cryptographic consumer key and used it to forge tokens for Outlook.com
and Outlook Web Access. The key was stolen from a software dump that
was created when a Microsoft computer crashed. Microsoft has now fixed
the bugs that allowed the breach to happen, but users should still be
vigilant and take steps to protect their accounts. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

INCOGNI: SCRUB YOUR PERSONAL DATA FROM THE WEB (SPONSOR)
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter2]

Brokers sell your data to adtech companies, insurers, and identity
thieves. To opt out completely, you‚Äôd need to spend 304 hours (on
average) filing manual individual data removal requests.
Save time and protect your data privacy with Incogni
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter2]:

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Automated service

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Helps remove your sensitive information from all broker types
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter2].

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Use coupon code TLDR55 to get 55% off!
[https://get.incogni.io/aff_c?offer_id=1151&aff_id=16286&source=newsletter2]

ETERNALHUSH FRAMEWORK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/APT64/EternalHushFramework?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The EternalHush Framework is an open-source advanced C2 framework
designed for Windows machines. The framework includes an extensible
Python API and plugin ecosystem. It also includes a GUI to simplify
controlling and collecting data from infected machines 

TARTUFO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/godaddy/tartufo?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

tartufo searches through git repositories for secrets, digging deep
into commit history and branches. Effective at finding accidentally
committed secrets, tartufo also can be used by git pre-commit scripts
to screen changes for secrets before they are committed to the
repository. 

THREATINGESTOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/InQuest/ThreatIngestor?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

ThreatIngestor can be configured to watch X, RSS feeds, sitemap (XML)
feeds, and other sources, extract meaningful information, such as
malicious IPs/domains and YARA signatures, and send that information
to another system for analysis. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IT‚ÄôS OFFICIAL: CARS ARE THE WORST CATEGORY WE HAVE EVER REVIEWED (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://foundation.mozilla.org/en/privacynotincluded/articles/its-official-cars-are-the-worst-product-category-we-have-ever-reviewed-for-privacy/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The *Privacy Not Included team at Mozilla has released its review of
privacy features of major car brands and concluded that every single
one of the 25 car brands failed to meet their privacy standards. All
of the brands collect too much data, 92% give little to no control
over data collection to users, and 84% admit to selling that data.
Tesla and Nissan scored the worst on the privacy tests and Renault and
Dacia scored the best. 

ANDROID 14 BLOCKS ALL MODIFICATION OF SYSTEM CERTIFICATES, EVEN AS
ROOT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://httptoolkit.com/blog/android-14-breaks-system-certificate-installation/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Android 14 tightens control of trusted certificates, blocking
modification even on rooted devices, continuing the shift from
openness towards locked-down vendor control. This creates challenges
for developers, testers, and reverse engineers by requiring direct
certificate authority control. 

STATE OF THE VIRTUAL CISO 2023 REPORT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://go.cynomi.com/hubfs/Cynomi_State%20of%20the%20vCISO%20report%202023.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The State of the Virtual CISO Survey Report provides insights on vCISO
adoption trends and challenges among 200 MSP/MSSP security leaders. It
reveals drivers and blockers for the growing vCISO model, helping
MSPs/MSSPs evaluate and overcome hurdles to offering security
leadership services. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEFENSIVE SECURITY IS A GLACIER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://danielmiessler.com/p/defensive-security-glacier-thats-ok?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A thought piece that compares defensive security to a glacier in the
sense that it is a colossal, slow-moving machine. The article gives
some examples of major milestones in security and argues that they
were all done by large corporations/governments and could not have
happened sooner no matter what individuals did. It concludes that in
defensive security, individuals must focus on smaller changes and wins
than on large scale change. 

UK DROPS 'SPY CLAUSE' FOR SCANNING ENCRYPTED MESSAGES, ADMITS IT'S NOT
'FEASIBLE' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/07/uk_government_clause_online_safety_bill/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The UK dropped mandatory messaging scanning from its Online Safety
Bill after tech industry backlash, but clauses remain, passing the
issue to future governments when "technically feasible." A bare
minimum concession, the core controversy continues unresolved. 

HOW CHINA GETS FREE INTEL ON TECH COMPANIES‚Äô VULNERABILITIES (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/how-china-gets-free-intel-on-tech-companies-vulnerabilities/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

China's 2021 law mandates that tech companies operating in the country
disclose hackable flaws in their products to the government. Some
foreign firms with operations in China appear to be complying,
potentially giving Chinese state-sponsored hackers an advantage in
exploiting these vulnerabilities, raising cybersecurity concerns. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=f40aba20-4e33-11ee-a528-99dfde675ac4&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694178020&t=1694178257&s=192f0de14e5d7a17b6f4d5168829ce6c5903c1ad8bceeb8188f1e4776b00a452].