# Articles TLDR InfoSec 11-09-2023

North Korean threat actors have been targeting security researchers
for the past two and a half years using 0-day exploits¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=83122d3c-508e-11ee-9dc6-83edfc41b3b9&pt=campaign&t=1694437483&s=b9df3d8ea6d26c68a71382bdbc1197c10c32c5d38ec79f6ee557ce1026d6fd42]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-11

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

ACTIVE NORTH KOREAN CAMPAIGN TARGETING SECURITY RESEARCHERS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.google/threat-analysis-group/active-north-korean-campaign-targeting-security-researchers/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

North Korean threat actors have been targeting security researchers
for the past two and a half years using 0-day exploits. Google‚Äôs
Threat Analysis Group has tracked and disrupted campaigns from these
actors and recently discovered a new campaign likely from the same
actors. The threat actors used social media sites to build rapport
with their targets before sending a malicious file that contained at
least one 0-day in a popular software package. 

‚ÄòEVIL TELEGRAM‚Äô ANDROID APPS ON GOOGLE PLAY INFECTED 60K WITH
SPYWARE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/evil-telegram-android-apps-on-google-play-infected-60k-with-spyware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Several malicious Telegram clones for Android on Google Play were
installed over 60,000 times, infecting people with spyware that steals
user messages, contact lists, and other data. 

CISA: MULTIPLE NATION-STATE THREAT ACTORS EXPLOIT ZOHO AND FORTINET
DEVICES (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/cybersecurity-advisories/aa23-250a?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Advanced Persistent threat actors were found to have exploited two
vulnerabilities, CVE-2022-47966 (Zoho Suite) and CVE-2022-42475
(FortiOS devices), to gain unauthorized access and establish
persistence on an organization's network. The Cybersecurity and
Infrastructure Security Agency and co-sealers have released a joint
Cybersecurity Advisory to provide network defenders with tactics,
techniques, and procedures, IOCs, and methods to detect and protect
against similar exploitation. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

7 WAYS TO ESCAPE A CONTAINER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.panoptica.app/research/7-ways-to-escape-a-container?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post containing 7 different techniques that an attacker could
use to escape from a container boundary. Each technique includes a
list of required Linux capabilities for the attack, a description of
the attack, an example command to launch a vulnerable container, and
an example command to escape the container. 

UNPINNABLE ACTIONS: HOW MALICIOUS CODE CAN SNEAK INTO YOUR GH ACTIONS
WORKFLOWS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/blog/prisma-cloud/unpinnable-actions-github-security/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The recommended method for pinning GitHub Actions per GitHub is to pin
the action to a full commit hash which causes the tarball of the
action to be downloaded. However, some actions can still be exploited
through supply chain attacks if they depend upon unpinned external
dependencies (docker containers, other actions, etc). A total of 32%
of the top started actions were deemed unpinnable. This article
concludes with advice to mitigate unpinnable action attacks 

CODE VULNERABILITIES PUT PROTONMAIL AT RISK (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sonarsource.com/blog/code-vulnerabilities-leak-emails-in-proton-mail/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post from the Sonar research team detailing their findings in
Proton Mail. The post includes an in-depth breakdown of the
vulnerability that they discovered and the patch that was issued. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

FLIGHTSIM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/alphasoc/flightsim?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

flightsim is a tool to help security teams generate malicious traffic
to test security controls and network visibility. It can test for a
variety of different malicious traffic patterns. 

SEMGREP-RULES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/hashicorp-forge/semgrep-rules?utm_source=tldrcybersecurity]

A collection of Semgrep rules that apply to HashiCorp products. This
repository is a work in progress and currently only includes rules for
terraform. 

CHEPY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/securisec/chepy?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Chepy is a pure Python implementation of the features of Cyberchef
utility. It preserves the ability to stack various actions together.
While it lacks Cyberchef's magic function, it has a lot of features
that could be desirable for security researchers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

US CYBER BOARD TO INVESTIGATE MICROSOFT HACK OF GOVERNMENT EMAILS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/11/cyber-security-review-board-microsoft-hack-government-emails/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A U.S. review board tasked with investigating major cybersecurity
incidents said it will begin looking at the recent intrusion of U.S.
government email systems provided by Microsoft, whose handling of the
incident drew ire and scrutiny from federal lawmakers and the wider
security community. 

TWO REAL-LIFE EXAMPLES OF WHY LIMITING PERMISSIONS WORKS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/two-real-life-examples-of-why-limiting-permissions-works-lessons-from-aws-cirt/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post from the AWS Customer Incident Response Team detailing two
cases that they worked on. In both of these cases, real-world examples
of least privilege are given in actual customer environments. 

CLOUD DETECTION AND RESPONSE NEEDS TO BREAK DOWN BOUNDARIES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://permiso.io/blog/cloud-detection-and-response-needs-to-break-down-boundaries?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A post that partially leverages the Crowdstrike ‚ÄúNowhere to Hide‚Äù
threat hunting report to analyze the current state of cloud detection
and response. It notes that many modern attacks and breaches leverage
credentials to pivot between systems (such as IDPs, cloud
environments, and CI/CD environments). However, most tooling is siloed
to a specific environment. The post argues that tooling needs to adapt
to these more complex environments and provides advice for teams. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT CAUSED THE INTERNET OUTAGE AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN THIS
WEEK? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbsnews.com/detroit/news/what-caused-the-internet-outage-at-university-of-michigan-this-week/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The University of Michigan was without internet for a large part of
last week. CTO of SensCy Dave Kelly said that proactively taking down
systems pointed to a security breach. Some sources said that the
university found malware in its WiFi network. 

VITALIK BUTERIN‚ÄôS X ACCOUNT HACKED, LEADING TO $691K IN LOSSES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ethereum-vitalik-buterin-x-hackers-drain?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum‚Äôs co-founder, allegedly had his X account
compromised. According to prominent blockchain investigator ZachXBT,
the incident has led to victims collectively losing over $691,000
after clicking on a malicious link. 

THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT WILL NOW PROSECUTE CYBERWAR CRIMES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/the-international-criminal-court-will-now-prosecute-cyberwar-crimes/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The International Criminal Court's lead prosecutor, Karim Khan, has
announced that the Hague will investigate and prosecute cybercrimes
that potentially violate the Rome Statute, including war crimes,
crimes against humanity, and genocide. The ICC will collect and review
evidence of hacking that impacts critical infrastructure such as
medical facilities or control systems for power generation. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=83122d3c-508e-11ee-9dc6-83edfc41b3b9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694437248&t=1694437483&s=a7dd5ceb21443621a3550d75db52918cc76c033f9772a41a242a36d4e3a54e7b].