# Articles TLDR InfoSec 27-10-2023

Researchers have devised an attack that forces Apple‚Äôs Safari
browser to divulge passwords, Gmail message content, and other
secrets.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=36ca1504-74b3-11ee-a9df-ed5e8a91e719&pt=campaign&t=1698411830&s=5caa9bbef1ac22af3dc00df5e1fdafe209a1a2ad0bc2b22c7f5ec9ba7e1a2bb3]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-27

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 VMWARE VCENTER CRITICAL VULNERABILITY - CVSS SCORE OF 9.8 (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.vmware.com/security/advisories/VMSA-2023-0023.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 VMware disclosed a critical RCE vulnerability (CVE-2023-34048) in
vCenter Server/VCF. With a score of 9.8, the vulnerability allows
attackers to execute remote code. It is such a big risk that VMWare
has released a patch for no longer supported versions of vCenter.
Users have been urged to patch their software to mitigate this
critical threat. 

 HACKERS CAN FORCE IOS AND MACOS BROWSERS TO DIVULGE PASSWORDS AND
MUCH MORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/10/hackers-can-force-ios-and-macos-browsers-to-divulge-passwords-and-a-whole-lot-more/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Researchers have devised an attack that forces Apple‚Äôs Safari
browser to divulge passwords, Gmail message content, and other
secrets. It works by exploiting a side channel vulnerability in the A-
and M-series CPUs running modern iOS and macOS devices. iLeakage
requires minimal resources to carry out. The vulnerability it exploits
hasn‚Äôt been patched yet. 

 HARVEST EXPOSES CONNECTED MICROSOFT OAUTH TOKENS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://eval.blog/research/microsoft-account-token-leaks-in-harvest/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A security researcher discovered an open redirect vulnerability in
Harvest, a time-tracking software. Harvest allows users to link
Microsoft Outlook calendars and redirects users based on query
parameters. The researcher demonstrated that these query parameters
are not properly sanitized, which can lead to an open redirect that
can leak OAuth tokens. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 WHY WE DON‚ÄôT GENERATE ELLIPTIC CURVES EVERY DAY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://words.filippo.io/dispatches/parameters/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article explains why generating custom parameters, such as
elliptic curves, is not safe in modern cryptography engineering and
why fixed parameter sets are preferable. User-generated parameters are
slow to generate, hard to verify, and introduce complexity that can
lead to implementation bugs and attacks. 

 UNDERSTANDING AND IMPROVING THE GHIDRA UI FOR MALWARE ANALYSIS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://embee-research.ghost.io/understanding-and-improving-ghidra-ui-for-malware-analysis/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article provides some tips for improving Ghidra UI for making
malware analysis easier. These include enabling dark mode, cursor text
highlighting, the entropy view window, the function call tree, and the
function graph. It is also possible to disable type casting to
simplify the display. 

 SERVER-SIDE SANDBOXING: CONTAINERS AND SECCOMP (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/server-side-sandboxing-containers-and-seccomp/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A post by Figma exploring the use of containers and seccomp to
provide server-side sandboxing. The post provides an overview of the
attack surface when using containers and seccomp, the security model
of seccomp, and various engineering decisions that were relevant to
their exploration. The post concludes with details of Figma‚Äôs
implementation of server-side sandboxing. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 MODELSCAN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/protectai/modelscan?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 ModelScan is an open source project that scans models to determine if
they contain unsafe code. The tool supports multiple formats and ML
runtimes with more on the way. It is the first model scanning tool to
support multiple model formats. 

 RAVEN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/cycodelabs/raven?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 RAVEN (Risk Analysis and Vulnerability Enumeration for CI/CD) is a
security tool designed to perform massive scans for GitHub Actions CI
workflows and digest the discovered data into a Neo4j database. 

 GAME OF ACTIVE DIRECTORY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/GOAD/tree/main?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Game of Active Directory is a Game of Thrones-themed Active Directory
environment that is deliberately vulnerable. The environment can be
deployed in a full mode with 2 forests and 3 domains, a lite mode with
only 1 forest and 2 domains, or NHA mode which doesn‚Äôt provide a
schema. Write-ups are available for further learning. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GOOGLE‚ÄôS REWARD CRITERIA FOR REPORTING BUGS IN AI PRODUCTS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://security.googleblog.com/2023/10/googles-reward-criteria-for-reporting.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Google announced several initiatives meant to improve the safety and
security of AI, including a bug bounty program and a $10 million fund.
The new vulnerability reporting program will reward researchers for
finding vulnerabilities in generative AI and address concerns such as
the potential for unfair bias, hallucinations, and model manipulation.


 OCTO TEMPEST CROSSES BOUNDARIES TO FACILITATE EXTORTION, ENCRYPTION,
AND DESTRUCTION (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/blog/2023/10/25/octo-tempest-crosses-boundaries-to-facilitate-extortion-encryption-and-destruction/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Octo Tempest is a financially motivated collective of threat actors
known for launching wide-ranging campaigns that prominently feature
adversary-in-the-middle (AiTM) techniques, social engineering, and
SIM-swapping capabilities. This blog post dives into its history,
attacks, and methodology. 

 DESIGNING, BUILDING, AND RUNNING CTFS IN 2023 (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.battleofthebots.net/building_micro_cgc_events.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article goes into detail about running a CTF. The Micro-CGC team
developed and tested difficult challenges that were time-consuming but
focused on the difficulty of a challenge that would be fun for the
competitor. They also implemented more in-depth quality assurance
reviews by individuals not involved in challenge development to
address challenges in wording. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 CISA RELEASES CYBERSECURITY HEALTHCARE TOOLKIT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cisa.gov/topics/cybersecurity-best-practices/healthcare?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 CISA and HHS released a cybersecurity toolkit for healthcare groups,
which face growing threats but have limited security resources. The
kit aims to help organizations at all levels build foundations and
advance defenses. Healthcare's reliance on digital tech increases its
attack surface. The toolkit provides tailored guidance for improving
healthcare cyber protections. 

 FLIPPER ZERO CAN NOW SPAM USERS WITH BLUETOOTH ATTACKS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/flipper-zero-can-now-spam-android-windows-users-with-bluetooth-alerts/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Xtreme has announced that spam attacks are coming in the next major
Flipper Zero firmware release. The new app gives eight different
options for flood attacks against Apple, Android, and Windows devices.
It uses novel methods for its Bluetooth attacks against Android and
Windows. 

 UNCIPHERED SAYS THAT IT CAN DECRYPT IRONKEY DRIVES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://protos.com/startup-says-it-can-access-235m-in-locked-bitcoin-but-owner-says-no-thanks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Crypto startup Unciphered announced that it has successfully cracked
an IronKey bitcoin wallet. The startup discovered a way to bypass the
10 password attempt limit, which allows for cracking the password. It
is reluctant to release the full details of its methodology due to
fears of potential abuse. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=36ca1504-74b3-11ee-a9df-ed5e8a91e719&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698411618&t=1698411830&s=db7f42c2a1691eb970b2a03ea086a103342569ed181e6e6e8979caa22a6367e0].