# Articles TLDR InfoSec 27-09-2023

BORN Ontario reported a data breach affecting 3.4 million people who
sought fertility, pregnancy, newborn, or child healthcare from
2010-2023¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=872d63b0-5d21-11ee-a5f7-b36e2cc578e5&pt=campaign&t=1695819854&s=9629c7af315bd3dac912a78e8fadf62779e6ddb0e64e1fd3f67dd72c0798870b]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-27

SAY GOODBYE TO REPETITIVE COMPLIANCE TASKS. SCALE SECURELY
WITH¬†DRATA¬†(SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

Get a single picture of compliance, manage risk, and improve your
security posture with the leader in compliance automation
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:

	* 85+ SaaS integrations
	* 24/7 automated monitoring and evidence collection
	* 16+ security frameworks: SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, Cyber Essentials,
and many more.
	* 20+ auditor-approved security policies
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrinfosec_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none],
and world-class support from compliance experts.

Drata is Trusted by thousands of security and compliance teams.

Start with an exclusive offer for TLDR readers today!
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrinfosec_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

DECADE OF NEWBORN CHILD DATA STOLEN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/decade-of-newborn-child-registry-data-stolen-in-moveit-mass-hack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

BORN Ontario, Ontario‚Äôs government-sponsored birth registry,
reported a data breach affecting 3.4 million people who sought
fertility, pregnancy, newborn, or child healthcare from 2010-2023.
BORN reported that the hack was due to the MOVEit cyberattacks.

GPUS FROM ALL MAJOR SUPPLIERS ARE VULNERABLE TO NEW PIXEL-STEALING
ATTACK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/gpus-from-all-major-suppliers-are-vulnerable-to-new-pixel-stealing-attack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

GPUs from all major suppliers are susceptible to a new attack, as
demonstrated in a recent research paper, that allows malicious
websites to read visual data from other websites, violating the
Internet's critical same-origin security policy. While currently
deemed more of a curiosity than an immediate threat, the vulnerability
highlighted by the attack underscores the risks inherent in hardware
optimizations and the need to re-evaluate trust in hardware as a
foundational security measure.

CHINESE HACKERS TAG-74 TARGETS SOUTH KOREAN ORGANIZATIONS IN A
MULTI-YEAR CAMPAIGN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehackernews.com/2023/09/chinese-hackers-tag-74-targets-south.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Chinese state-sponsored hackers identified as TAG-74 have been
conducting a multi-year cyber espionage campaign targeting academic,
political, and government organizations in South Korea. The hackers
utilize social engineering attacks, including Microsoft Compiled HTML
Help (CHM) file lures, to deploy the ReVBShell backdoor and Bisonal
remote access trojan.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SOURCE CODE MANAGEMENT PLATFORM BEST PRACTICES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://best.openssf.org/SCM-BestPractices/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A list of best practices and configurations for GitHub and GitLab. The
list includes tools to aid in source code management best practices as
well as a series of controls that are recommended to be implemented.

UNMASKING A SOPHISTICATED PHISHING CAMPAIGN THAT TARGETS HOTEL GUESTS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.akamai.com/blog/security-research/sophisticated-phishing-campaign-targeting-hospitality?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article talks about one of the latest phishing delivery methods -
a sophisticated infostealer that targets the hospitality industry
through online booking services. It involves a malicious actor making
a booking request and sending a series of urgent emails with links to
an executable infostealer. The article provides recommendations for
staying safe online, including avoiding clicking on unsolicited links
and verifying the authenticity of messages through official channels.

DEFENDING AGAINST DDOS ATTACKS: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/defending-your-network-against-ddos-attacks??utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article talks about four main variants of DDoS attacks, including
flooding, amplification, resource depletion, and diversion or ransom
attacks. Mitigation strategies include recognizing the signs of DDoS
attacks, having an incident response plan, contacting an ISP provider,
having threat intel handy, and using other mitigation defenses and
tools.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

HOW TO ROTATE (WEBSITE)
[https://howtorotate.com/docs/introduction/getting-started/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

How To Rotate is a website that provides tutorials on how to rotate a
variety of API keys. The project is sponsored by Truffle Security and
currently includes 19 tutorials.

JA4+ NETWORK FINGERPRINTING (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.foxio.io/ja4-network-fingerprinting-9376fe9ca637?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

JA4+ is a network fingerprinting tool that provides a suite of modular
network fingerprints for multiple protocols, allowing for improved
threat-hunting and security analysis. The fingerprints include TLS
client and server response, HTTP client, light distance/location, X509
TLS certificate, and SSH traffic.

BINDIFF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/google/bindiff?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

BinDiff is an open-source comparison tool for binary files to quickly
find differences and similarities in disassembled code. It is used to
identify and isolate fixes for vulnerabilities in vendor-supplied
patches and to analyze multiple versions of the same binary. BinDiff
is now open source.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

AI DEV ASSISTANTS SOMETIMES EMIT OTHER PEOPLE‚ÄôS API KEYS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/19/github_copilot_amazon_api/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A group of researchers found that GitHub Copilot and Amazon
CodeWhisperer can be coaxed into revealing other people‚Äôs API keys.
The keys that can be leaked were included in training data as they
were accidentally committed in public repositories. The researchers
have also released a tool to search for publicly exposed credentials.

OPENAI LAUNCHES A RED TEAMING NETWORK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/19/openai-launches-a-red-teaming-network-to-make-its-models-more-robust/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

OpenAI announced a Red Teaming Network made up of a contracted group
of employees to bolster its AI model risk assessment and mitigation
strategies. The goal of this effort is to flag biases in models and
prompts that can be used to bypass safety filters.

SPAIN CLOSES PEGASUS INVESTIGATION OVER ‚ÄòLACK OF COOPERATION‚Äô FROM
ISRAEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/jul/10/spain-closes-pegasus-investigation-over-lack-of-cooperation-from-israel?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A Spanish judge has closed an investigation into the alleged hacking
of ministers' phones with Pegasus spyware due to a complete lack of
cooperation from Israel. The judge had sent a formal request for
information about the software made by Israeli firm NSO Group, but
Israel did not respond.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE ACCIDENTALLY INDEXES BARD SHARE LINKS (X THREAD)
[https://x.com/gaganghotra_/status/1706545667362210129?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Google accidentally started to index share conversation URLs from
Bard. Google SearchLiason commented that this behavior is not
intentional and a fix is being worked on.

DEFI HACKS USUALLY COME DOWN TO POOR SECURITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/198681/defi-hacks-usually-come-down-to-poor-security-halborn-coo-david-schwed?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Crypto has a poor reputation for poor cybersecurity, and according to
crypto cybersecurity company Halborn‚Äôs COO David Schwed, the culprit
is simply poor security practices.

MICROSOFT IS ROLLING OUT SUPPORT FOR PASSKEYS IN WINDOWS 11 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thehackernews.com/2023/09/microsoft-is-rolling-out-support-for.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Microsoft has introduced passkeys to Windows 11, allowing users to log
in to websites and applications without a username or password,
instead relying on device PIN or biometric information.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=872d63b0-5d21-11ee-a5f7-b36e2cc578e5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695819621&t=1695819854&s=8905cf3baff5c598e59fe5e6b5f27b2ceb88d3e57a377ab97b95ec836e7e9fad].