# Articles TLDR InfoSec 06-10-2023

Qualys discovered a vulnerability grants full root privileges on
Fedora 37 and 38, Ubuntu 22.04 and 23.04, and Debian 12 and 13  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7b9a6dac-6430-11ee-b62f-513aee4a8e91&pt=campaign&t=1696597605&s=d2718f338d5d307efd919a12d14fb89fe5e48d5cd791fc0185deea9540716fbb]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-06

🔓 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

LYCA MOBILE SERVICES SIGNIFICANTLY DISRUPTED BY CYBERATTACK (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/lyca-mobile-services-significantly-disrupted-by-cyberattack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Lyca Mobile has confirmed that its services were significantly
disrupted in recent days due to a cyberattack. The attack impacted
services in all markets, except for the US, Australia, Tunisia, and
Ukraine and the company is still trying to find out if it has resulted
in a data breach. 

CVE-2023-4911: LOONEY TUNABLES – LOCAL PRIVILEGE ESCALATION IN THE
GLIBC’S LD.SO (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.qualys.com/vulnerabilities-threat-research/2023/10/03/cve-2023-4911-looney-tunables-local-privilege-escalation-in-the-glibcs-ld-so?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Qualys discovered a glibc dynamic loader vulnerability that enables a
local privilege escalation that grants full root privileges on the
default installations of Fedora 37 and 38, Ubuntu 22.04 and 23.04, and
Debian 12 and 13. It is recommended to update as soon as possible as
it is a critical vulnerability. 

HIGH SEVERITY VULNERABILITY FOUND IN LIBCURL AND CURL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://snyk.io/blog/curl-high-severity-vulnerability-oct-2023/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The maintainer of the curl project posted an update that a security
issue is “probably the worst security problem found in curl in a
long time.” The patched version will be released on October 11 along
with details of the CVEs. 

🧠 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE EVOLUTIONARY TALE OF A PERSISTENT PYTHON THREAT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://checkmarx.com/blog/the-evolutionary-tale-of-a-persistent-python-threat/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Checkmarx Software Supply Chain Security team has been tracking a
threat actor that has been publishing malicious Python packages since
April. The team has broken down the ways that the threat actor has
gradually evolved their techniques from using plaintext payloads, to
encrypting malicious functionality, and finally layers of obfuscation
and evasion. 

BYPASSING BING CHAT’S GUARDRAILS TO SOLVE CAPTCHAS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/10/sob-story-about-dead-grandma-tricks-microsoft-ai-into-solving-captcha/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Bing Chat is a public implementation of the GPT-4 LLM and includes
guardrails to prevent certain forms of malicious usage. One user
demonstrated that Bing Chat successfully detected that it was being
asked to solve a CAPTCHA and refused when it was just prompted with a
picture of the text. However, the same user showed that if they edited
the CAPTCHA onto a picture of a locket and presented a context of it
belonging to their dead grandmother, Bing Chat would transcribe the
CAPTCHA. 

ANALYZING & PATCHING A DLL REVERSE SHELL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.archcloudlabs.com/projects/dll-rev-shell/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The document describes the process of analyzing and patching a DLL
reverse shell. The author starts by conducting initial triage with
VirusTotal and Shodan and follows up with analyzing the files to find
the IP address and patching to a local VM to get the shell to the
host. 

🧑‍💻 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CRYPTOLYZER (GITLAB REPO)
[https://gitlab.com/coroner/cryptolyzer/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

CryptoLyzer is a fast and flexible server cryptographic settings
analyzer library for Python with an easy-to-use command line interface
with both human-readable (Markdown) and machine-readable (JSON)
output. It works with multiple cryptographic protocols (SSL/TLS,
opportunistic TLS, SSH DNSSEC) and analyzes additional security
mechanisms, including web security-related HTTP response header
fields, JA3 tag, and HASSH tag. 

GEM SECURITY RAISES $23M FOR ITS CLOUD SECURITY PLATFORM (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/27/gem-security-raises-23m-for-its-cloud-security-platform/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cloud detection and response company Gem Security has raised a $23
million Series A round led by GGV Capital with participation from IBM
Ventures and Silicon Valley CISO Investments. This comes after its
February $11 million seed round led by Team8, which also participated
in this new round. 

KUBEHOUND (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://securitylabs.datadoghq.com/articles/kubehound-identify-kubernetes-attack-paths/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Kubehound is a tool from DataDog that is inspired by the popular
Active Directory tool BloodHound. KubeHound can build graphs of
Kubernetes clusters and visualize common attack paths. This article
contains a tutorial with some example use cases and queries. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

CVE-2023-22515 - PRIVILEGE ESCALATION VULNERABILITY IN CONFLUENCE DATA
CENTER AND SERVER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://confluence.atlassian.com/security/cve-2023-22515-privilege-escalation-vulnerability-in-confluence-data-center-and-server-1295682276.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Atlassian has released fixes to contain an actively exploited critical
zero-day flaw impacting publicly accessible Confluence Data Center and
Server instances. The vulnerability, tracked as CVE-2023-22515, is
remotely exploitable and allows external attackers to create
unauthorized Confluence administrator accounts and access Confluence
servers. 

EVERYONE'S AFRAID OF THE INTERNET REPORT AND NO ONE'S SURE WHAT TO DO
ABOUT IT (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.malwarebytes.com/resources/files/2023/10/everyone-is-afraid-of-the-internet-2023.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Malwarebytes has released a new report that underscores how the online
behaviors of consumers are often at odds with ensuring safety and
privacy. Seventy percent of surveyed respondents experienced some kind
of cybersecurity threat such as online scams and viruses or malware
and roughly one tenth have experienced serious personal violations
like stalkerware/spyware and ransomware. 

LITTLE CRUMBS CAN LEAD TO GIANTS: DIVE INTO THE WORLD OF SHELL LINK
FILES (LNK) AND VIRTUAL HARD DISK FILES (VHD) (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.rapid7.com/blog/post/2023/10/05/little-crumbs-can-lead-to-giants/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This blog post discusses the importance of investigating file types
that are often overlooked in threat actor campaigns. It dives into the
world of Shell Link files (LNK) and Virtual Hard Disk files (VHD) and
explains how Rapid7 is releasing a new feature in Velociraptor that
can parse LNK files. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

STATE OF DEVOPS REPORT 2023 (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://services.google.com/fh/files/misc/2023_final_report_sodr.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Google brings back their yearly state of DevOps report where they go
into depth of the maturity of companies in their adoption of DevOps.
Some of the key takeaways this year include the importance of company
culture, collaboration, documentation, and being customer-centric. 

GOOGLE AND YAHOO WILL CRACK DOWN ON SPAM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://therecord.media/google-yahoo-crack-down-on-spam?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Yahoo announced that bulk senders will now need to implement more
robust email authentication as well as comply with unsubscribe
requests within two days. Google posted a similar announcement stating
that bulk senders (>5000 messages per day) must implement more robust
authentication, comply with unsubscribe requests within two days, and
comply with a spam rate threshold. 

SAFE, SECURE, ANONYMOUS, AND OTHER MISLEADING CLAIMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.troyhunt.com/safe-secure-anonymous-and-other-misleading-claims/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article deconstructs the idea of online anonymity. It argues that
even anonymous services tend to collect personally identifiable
information that’s just waiting for a breach to expose it. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7b9a6dac-6430-11ee-b62f-513aee4a8e91&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696597227&t=1696597605&s=e63b509e4bae385e413b6374bbdd7f699f6ac73e03e3744c0d9ace5c2f0a4c36].