# Articles TLDR InfoSec 25-09-2023

Israeli tech firm Insanet has developed spyware capable of being
delivered through online ad networks¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=e3efe292-5b8e-11ee-8854-2dcf9bca0533&pt=campaign&t=1695647147&s=29675f57e1f651a19786656fcc048a46edecaa02f3f5f8221d1a02f9b72b7413]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-25

HOW TO MINIMIZE THIRD-PARTY RISK WITH VENDOR MANAGEMENT (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

Companies are using more external software than ever. Third-party risk
is a key concern, and compliance frameworks like SOC 2 and ISO 27001
require a robust vendor management program.
At the same time, the proliferation of SaaS and shadow IT
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
makes vendor management harder than ever. What‚Äôs the way forward?

In this free guide from Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter],
you‚Äôll learn:

	* Insights from other leaders
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
on how to proactively manage third-party vendor risk
	* Tips on dealing with challenges like limited resources and
repetitive manual processes
	* How security teams can enable the business to move quickly
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
instead of being inadvertent gatekeepers

Download the report from Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/minimize-third-party-risk-with-strong-vendor-management?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

NEW VULNERABILITY IN GCC STACK SMASHING PROTECTION ON ARM64 (16 MINUTE
READ)
[https://rtx.meta.security/mitigation/2023/09/12/CVE-2023-4039.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A new vulnerability was found in which GCC‚Äôs stack smashing
protection has no effect on variable length arrays or buffers
allocated with alloca(). The vulnerability targeted 64-bit ARM
architecture. This article includes details about the vulnerability, a
demonstration of the vulnerability, and a discussion of the response.
A fix is available on the GCC mailing list.

SPYWARE CAN INFECT YOUR DEVICES FROM THE ADS YOU SEE ONLINE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://theconversation.com/spyware-can-infect-your-phone-or-computer-via-the-ads-you-see-online-report-213685?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Israeli tech firm Insanet has developed spyware capable of being
delivered through online ad networks and infecting Windows-based
computers and Android phones as well as iPhones. The "Sherlock''
spyware's deployment has raised concerns due to its ability to
clandestinely infiltrate devices, monitor activities, and collect
sensitive information. The Israeli government has approved its sale,
which potentially puts many at risk.

EVASIVE GELSEMIUM HACKERS SPOTTED IN ATTACK AGAINST ASIAN GOVT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/evasive-gelsemium-hackers-spotted-in-attack-against-asian-govt/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Gelsemium cyberespionage group, which has been operational since
2014, has been spotted in attacks targeting a Southeast Asian
government. The group is known for its technical capacity and
programming knowledge, which has helped them fly under the radar for
many years.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HELPDESK TELEPHONE ATTACK: HOW TO CLOSE PROCESS AND TECHNOLOGY GAPS
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.praetorian.com/blog/helpdesk-telephone-attack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Helpdesk operators are prime targets for exploitation. Recent breaches
have highlighted the need for better defense against attacks on these
targets. This post says helpdesk vulnerabilities are mostly tech and
process gaps, not people. It covers attacker tactics and recommends
processes and tech fixes to protect against helpdesk attacks.

PEELING BACK THE CURTAINS WITH CALL STACKS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/peeling-back-the-curtain-with-call-stacks?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This blog post from Elastic Security on leveraging call stacks to
reduce false positives, reduce false negatives, and increase
visibility. The post begins with an overview of what call stacks are,
then discusses how to leverage them for event explainability and walks
through examples of other detection use cases.

BLOCKING VS CODE EMBEDDED REVERSE SHELL BEFORE IT‚ÄôS TOO LATE (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://ipfyx.fr/post/visual-studio-code-tunnel/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Microsoft added a tunnel feature to VS Code in July 2023 that allows
users to share their Visual Studio desktop via the web. This is a
prime utility for attackers to establish persistence. This article
provides some methods to disable the usage of VS Code tunnel as well
as some methods to detect its usage.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

EXTRACTBITLOCKERKEYS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/p0dalirius/ExtractBitlockerKeys/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

ExtractBitLockerKeys is a Powershell or Python script for system
administrators or attackers conducting post-exploitation to extract
BitLocker recovery keys from a domain.

DONUT-DECRYPTOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/volexity/donut-decryptor?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

donut-decryptor is a Python script that searches files for known
indicators of the donut obfuscator‚Äôs loader shell code. If found, it
will locate, decrypt, and parse the shell code, dumping any
configuration data or modules to disk.

KERNEL-HARDENING-CHECKER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a13xp0p0v/kernel-hardening-checker?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

kernel-hardening-checker (formerly kconfig-hardened-check) is a tool
for checking the security hardening options of the Linux kernel. It
supports checking Kconfig options, sysctl parameters, and boot
configs. The repository also contains a map of kernel configuration
options and vulnerability classes.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

THE 2023 IDA PLUGINS CONTEST (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://hex-rays.com/contests_details/contest2023/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Hex-Rays runs a contest every year to develop novel and interesting
plug-ins for IDA. This year, 9 plug-ins were selected from the
submissions, including tools to query ChatGPT, analyze functions, and
generate unique URIs from disassembled code.

THE GITHUB SECURITY LAB‚ÄôS JOURNEY TO DISCLOSING 500 CVES IN OPEN
SOURCE PROJECTS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-09-21-the-github-security-labs-journey-to-disclosing-500-cves-in-open-source-projects/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The GitHub Security Lab has reached the milestone of disclosing over
500 CVEs (records of security vulnerabilities) in open source
projects. The Security Lab is a team of security experts who audit
open source projects and help their maintainers fix vulnerabilities
for free. They have reported and helped fix over 1,000 vulnerabilities
with a fix rate of 96%.

FBI CHIEF SAYS CHINA HAS BIGGER HACKING PROGRAM THAN THE COMPETITION
COMBINED (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/world/fbi-chief-says-china-has-bigger-hacking-program-than-competition-combined-2023-09-18/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The FBI claims that Beijing has a cyber espionage program that is
larger than all of its major competitors combined. Even if every FBI
cyber agent and intelligence analyst focused on China exclusively,
Chinese hackers would still outnumber them by at least 50 to 1.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

WHY SCALPERS CAN GET OLIVIA RODRIGO TICKETS AND YOU CAN'T (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.404media.co/why-scalpers-can-get-olivia-rodrigo-tickets-and-fans-cannot/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This post talks about how the "Verified Fan" sale that Ticketmaster is
doing for the most recent Olivia Rodrigo tour tickets isn't working
because scalpers have many accounts and credit cards to quickly buy
tickets for resale whereas non-scalpers do not.

BACKCHANNEL DIPLOMACY: APT29‚ÄôS RAPIDLY EVOLVING DIPLOMATIC PHISHING
OPERATIONS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mandiant.com/resources/blog/apt29-evolving-diplomatic-phishing?utm_source=tldrinfose]

APT29, a Russian state-sponsored hacking group, has increased its
phishing operations in Ukraine, particularly targeting foreign
embassies in Kyiv. This follows an uptick in the group's routine
espionage operations against global diplomatic entities, with a focus
on European Ministries of Foreign Affairs and embassies, as well as
governments in Turkey, India, and Africa.

THE SCATTERED SPIDERS BELIEVED TO BE BEHIND LAS VEGAS ATTACKS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/mgm-las-vegas-hackers-scattered-spider-rcna105238?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The hackers who are believed to be behind a major cyberattack that
disrupted several casinos and hotels in Las Vegas are part of a small
but prolific cybercrime clique whose members have also hit other major
U.S. companies in the past year by talking their way into access to
computer networks.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=e3efe292-5b8e-11ee-8854-2dcf9bca0533&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695646882&t=1695647147&s=bf0cbaf0d78c778942d05f602258a342e4ae418b7dd1302458fceab69a82d202].