# Articles TLDR InfoSec 13-09-2023

Hackers are using a massive network of fake and compromised Facebook
accounts to send out millions of Messenger phishing messages¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=dbd8b8e2-5222-11ee-82e5-ab72200016cb&pt=campaign&t=1694610295&s=4a88cec480e79feb884dd433c4ad8dcf8b550b65927855a9e413b5c2435b1128]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-13

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

FACEBOOK MESSENGER PHISHING WAVE TARGETS 100K BUSINESS ACCOUNTS PER
WEEK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/facebook-messenger-phishing-wave-targets-100k-business-accounts-per-week/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Hackers are using a massive network of fake and compromised Facebook
accounts to send out millions of Messenger phishing messages to target
Facebook business accounts with password-stealing malware, ultimately
compromising one out of every seventy accounts targeted. 

YOUR WYZE WEBCAM MIGHT HAVE LET OTHERS PEEK INTO YOUR HOUSE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/8/23865255/wyze-security-camera-feeds-web-view-issue?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Wyze alleges that a ‚Äúweb caching issue‚Äù led to a period of 30
minutes where owners of Wyze cameras logged into the web portal were
able to view other users‚Äô cameras. The site was quickly put into
maintenance mode to fix the issue. 

FBI SAYS NORTH KOREA STOLE $41 MILLION FROM STAKE.COM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fbi.gov/news/press-releases/fbi-identifies-lazarus-group-cyber-actors-as-responsible-for-theft-of-41-million-from-stakecom?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Hackers stole $41 million worth of cryptocurrencies from Stake.com, an
online casino and sports betting site. The FBI has attributed the
attack to North Korea's Lazarus Group. The Lazarus Group is known for
high-profile hacks worth over $1 billion. It is responsible for
stealing over $200 million in crypto this year alone. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW AMAZON SEARCH USES CHAOS ENGINEERING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://community.aws/posts/how-search-uses-chaos-engineering?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Amazon Search team needed to build systems that could withstand
Prime Day levels of traffic at 84k requests/second. It heavily
utilized Chaos Engineering to test fault tolerance to ensure system
stability. This post discusses the Chaos Engineering Orchestrator the
team built as well as general Chaos Engineering methodology. 

LIFE IN THE CLOUDS: NAVIGATING SECURITY CHALLENGES IN CLOUD
ENVIRONMENTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/life-clouds-navigating-security-challenges-cloud-environments?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article explores the multifaceted landscape of safeguarding data,
identities, networks, and services in cloud environments. The key
security considerations discussed include data vulnerability, identity
and access management, vulnerability management, and cloud service
provider evaluation. The article also talks about employee training
and awareness, continuous monitoring, and incident response. 

SECURING LARGE LANGUAGE MODELS (LLMS) IN YOUR ORGANIZATION: MITIGATING
SECURITY AND PRIVACY RISKS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://infosecwriteups.com/securing-large-language-models-llms-in-your-organization-mitigating-security-and-privacy-risks-9a70b5936906?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Large language models present security and privacy risks that must be
addressed when implementing them in an organization. This guide
explores the top risks and strategies to mitigate them. Top risks
include supply chain vulnerabilities and overreliance on LLM-generated
content. Mitigation strategies include implementing strict input
validation, data sanitization procedures, and rigorous data validation
and cleaning processes. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AWESOME-FLIPPER-ZERO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/djsime1/awesome-flipperzero?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A collection of tools, tutorials, and other resources for the Flipper
Zero hacking tool. 

MACOS-TTPS-YARA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/SentineLabs/macos-ttps-yara?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A yara ruleset from Sentinel Labs to detect potentially malicious code
in macOS samples. 

ATTACKGEN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mrwadams/attackgen?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

AttackGen uses a Large Language Model via LangSmith and the
comprehensive MITRE ATT&CK framework to generate tailored incident
response scenarios based on user-selected threat actor groups and
organization details. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CYBER INDUSTRY URGENTLY NEEDS TO CONFRONT MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://cyberscoop.com/cyber-professionals-mental-health/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An article bringing awareness to the mental health challenges that
cyber professionals face. The article includes statistics and
testaments that discuss the elevated levels of stress that many
employees face and includes some ways that organizations are seeking
to combat it. 

HIJACKLOADER: THE RISING THREAT IN CYBERCRIME‚ÄôS ARSENAL (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cyber-oracle.com/p/hijackloader-the-rising-threat-in?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

HijackLoader is a modular malware loader known for its evasion
techniques and flexibility in loading malicious payloads. While it
doesn‚Äôt possess any advanced features, it uses various tactics, such
as syscall evasion and delayed code execution, to avoid detection by
security solutions. 

GENERATIVE AI ADOPTION SURGES IN SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT DESPITE SECURITY
RISKS, SONATYPE RESEARCH FINDS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsecurityguru.org/2023/09/12/generative-ai-adoption-surges-in-software-development-despite-security-risks-sonatype-research-finds/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

New research by Sonatype shows that 97% of surveyed developers and
application security leaders are using generative AI in software
development. 74% of respondents feel pressured to use AI, despite the
security risks associated with the technology. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE RETURN OF HACKTIVISM: A TEMPORARY REPRISE OR HERE FOR GOOD? (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reliaquest.com/blog/return-of-hacktivism-temporary-reprise-or-here-for-good/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Spurred on by the Russia-Ukraine war, hacktivism is making a comeback.
This article analyzes the current state and likely future of
hacktivist activity. 

PASSWORD-STEALING LINUX MALWARE EXISTED FOR 3 YEARS WITHOUT DETECTION
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/password-stealing-linux-malware-served-for-3-years-and-no-one-noticed/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

For over three years, the download site freedownloadmanager[.]org
surreptitiously distributed malware to Linux users by occasionally
redirecting them to a malicious domain. 

MGM RESORTS REPORT A CYBERSECURITY ISSUE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/11/mgm-resorts-cybersecurity-issue-outage/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Hotel and casino giant MGM Resorts has confirmed a ‚Äúcybersecurity
issue‚Äù is to blame for an ongoing outage affecting systems at the
company‚Äôs Las Vegas properties. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=dbd8b8e2-5222-11ee-82e5-ab72200016cb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694610045&t=1694610295&s=358601bf7beeac0cdcfab06a050f5c17e5af3adc94923b7e35acf2d788fe398a].