# Articles TLDR InfoSec 29-09-2023

Fake websites have been popping up that offer a Trojan masquerading as
the Bitwarden password manager¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=96d53216-5eac-11ee-9be3-1bc9636af249&pt=campaign&t=1695992694&s=c62309bbe602f0baabc86afb38c0d78cb22cb440c7fb8fda1f2048f3b3ecc80e]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-29

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

FAKE BITWARDEN SITES PUSH NEW PASSWORD STEALER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fake-bitwarden-sites-push-new-zenrat-password-stealing-malware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Fake websites have been popping up that offer a Trojan masquerading as
the Bitwarden password manager that includes a new password-stealing
malware dubbed ZenRAT. The malware specifically targets Windows
devices and directs macOS or Linux users to the official download
page. The malware uses WMI queries to acquire system information in
addition to the credentials and sends them in a zip to a C2. 

RUSSIAN ZERO-DAY SELLER OFFERS $20M FOR HACKING PHONES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/27/russian-zero-day-seller-offers-20m-for-hacking-android-and-iphones/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Operation Zero, a Russian company specializing in buying and selling
zero-day software exploits, has increased its payments for zero-day
vulnerabilities in iPhones and Android devices from $200,000 to $20
million. While traditionally, bug bounty platforms inform vendors of
vulnerabilities, companies like Operation Zero sell these
vulnerabilities to governments, leading to a lucrative yet unregulated
gray market where prices and customer identities remain opaque. 

HACKERS ARE SPOOFING THEMSELVES AS GITHUB‚ÄôS DEPENDABOT TO STEAL
PASSWORDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itpro.com/security/cyber-attacks/hackers-are-spoofing-themselves-as-githubs-dependabot-to-steal-user-passwords?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A threat actor is using an alias of GitHub‚Äôs Dependabot feature to
install password-stealing malware. By mimicking the Dependabot, which
automatically scans projects for vulnerabilities, the attacker has
convinced users to accept malicious commits. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

OKTA FOR RED TEAMERS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.trustedsec.com/blog/okta-for-red-teamers?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An article providing an overview of some Okta features that are useful
for red teaming. The first portion of the article discusses features
that allow running Okta with Active Directory environments and how to
pivot between the two. The article also includes a discussion of using
a fake SAML provider with Okta. 

MEET MADPOT, A THREAT INTELLIGENCE TOOL FROM AMAZON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/aws/amazon-madpot-stops-cybersecurity-crime?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

MadPot is a large-scale honeypot network that Amazon runs to catch
threats and gain threat intelligence which it shares publicly or with
government agencies. MadPot intercepts over 100 million attempts per
day and the insights can feed into AWS to bolster their threat
detection and prevention offerings such as GuardDuty. 

CHROME GRAPHICS AS SEEN BY ATTACKERS (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/main/docs/security/research/graphics/webgpu_technical_report.md?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This document provides an overview of how WebGPU works through the
eyes of an attacker, discusses vulnerability research methodologies,
and describes important bugs found during the research. The report
aims to give the security community a deeper understanding of
vulnerabilities that may come with the addition of WebGPU. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LDAPWORDLISTHARVESTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/p0dalirius/LDAPWordlistHarvester?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

LDAPWordlistHarvester is a tool for generating wordlists from
information present in an LDAP for cracking non-random passwords of
domain accounts. Once you have the wordlist, you can use hashcat with
rules to crack passwords. 

CISA LAUNCHES NATIONAL CAMPAIGN TO RAISE ONLINE SECURITY AWARENESS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://executivegov.com/2023/09/cisa-launches-national-campaign-to-raise-online-security-awareness/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency has launched a
nationwide cybersecurity campaign called "Secure Our World". The
campaign is part of CISA's Cybersecurity Awareness Program, which aims
to raise public awareness of cyber threats and online security. 

PASSKEYS ARE GENERALLY AVAILABLE ON GITHUB (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.blog/2023-09-21-passkeys-are-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

GitHub has made passkeys available to all users on its platform,
following the successful beta launch in July. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE MYSTERY OF THE CVES THAT ARE NOT VULNERABILITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.malwarebytes.com/blog/news/2023/09/the-mystery-of-the-cves-that-are-not-vulnerabilities?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An unknown party submitted a large number of backdated CVEs with high
CVSS scores. The problem with this is that a researcher has found that
many of these are just automatic submissions that are not actually
vulnerabilities. This could cause issues when these CVEs are pulled in
by systems that don‚Äôt check whether they are disputed. 

SONY LAUNCHES INVESTIGATION AFTER POTENTIAL BREACH (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ign.com/articles/sony-launches-investigation-after-ransomware-group-claims-to-have-breached-companys-systems?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A ransomware group named Ransomed.vc claims to have breached Sony's
systems and has threatened to sell the stolen data. Although the
claims remain unconfirmed, Cyber Security Connect reported that the
group provided evidence such as screenshots of internal pages and Java
files. 

SECURITY RESEARCHERS HIGHLIGHT TWO POTENTIAL ICLOUD KEYCHAIN ISSUES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/09/27/icloud-keychain-issues/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Potential iCloud Keychain issues have been identified by security
researchers in iOS 17 and macOS Sonoma. The first problem is that the
feature may automatically activate upon upgrading, even if it was
previously turned off. The second issue is that if users disable
iCloud Keychain, the data might not be deleted from Apple's servers,
contrary to past practice. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

RASPBERRY PI 5 ANNOUNCED (WEBSITE)
[https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-5/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The next generation of Raspberry Pi will be released this October and
features 2-3x the speed of the previous model. 

GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN COULD BENCH 80% OF CISA STAFF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/80-of-cisa-staff-at-risk-of-furlough-as-government-shutdown-looms/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Roughly 80% of the staff at US cybersecurity agency CISA may be
furloughed if a government shutdown occurs this week. While some
personnel involved with cybersecurity operations are likely to be
classified as essential and exempt from furlough, there will be fewer
staff available for security monitoring and response. 

MISCONFIGURED TESLAMATE INSTANCES PUT TESLA CAR OWNERS AT RISK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://packetstormsecurity.com/news/view/35060/Misconfigured-TeslaMate-Instances-Put-Tesla-Car-Owners-At-Risk.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Misconfigured instances of third-party data logging application
TeslaMate may potentially expose Tesla cars and their drivers to
malicious attacks, according to IoT security intelligence firm
Redinent. While TeslaMate is a useful tool for tracking car data, it
poses a significant risk if not properly configured. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=96d53216-5eac-11ee-9be3-1bc9636af249&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695992426&t=1695992694&s=b8a9f6dece0dc45a9c654ea90eda110a6406b4825150a3e23573b1e7a9fa6399].