# Articles TLDR InfoSec 04-09-2023

An investigation from 404 Media details a category of bots that
utilizes credit headers to dox nearly anyone in America.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=5f9477c4-4b12-11ee-885b-fbdb81f02660&pt=campaign&t=1693832652&s=4c7cc8af9d1ab37cd93f928c405d545d12cde89d59fef1b6ace4f7cc45d5f36d]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-04

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

DOXXING NEARLY ANYONE IN AMERICA FOR $15 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.404media.co/the-secret-weapon-hackers-can-use-to-dox-nearly-anyone-in-america-for-15-tlo-usinfosearch-transunion/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An investigation from 404 Media details a category of bots that
utilizes credit headers to dox nearly anyone in America. Hackers seem
to have acquired access to this data and are selling it for $15-$40.
404 Media has confirmed that at least some of the extensive data is
accurate. Data that the tool provides include addresses, mobile phone
numbers, email addresses, driver's license numbers, and even names and
birth years of the target‚Äôs relatives. 

ATLASVPN 0-DAY DROPPED ON REDDIT (REDDIT THREAD)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/cybersecurity/comments/167f16e/atlasvpn_linux_client_103_remote_disconnect/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This Reddit post details a vulnerability in the AtlasVPN software
whereby the Atlas client opens an API on the client‚Äôs device that
accepts arbitrary commands without authentication. The user shares
exploit code that any website can run to disconnect a user from
AtlasVPN and leak their IP address. 

SOURCEGRAPH DISCLOSES DATA BREACH FOLLOWING ACCESS TOKEN LEAK (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://about.sourcegraph.com/blog/security-update-august-2023?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Code search and navigation platform Sourcegraph on Thursday announced
that it has experienced a data breach after an engineer accidentally
leaked an admin access token. Sourcegraph account email addresses for
community members and license owners were obtained. No other customer
info, including private code, passwords, usernames, or other PII, was
accessible. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ANDROID GOES ALL-IN ON FUZZING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://security.googleblog.com/2023/08/android-goes-all-in-on-fuzzing.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The blog post details the Android team‚Äôs massive investment into
fuzzing and the fuzzing pipeline that they‚Äôve built. It highlights
how the Android team writes and detects fuzzers, how those bugs get
routed and examined for vulnerabilities, and examples of CVEs that
were detected by fuzzing. 

NEW HIERARCHY, HEIGHTENED THREAT: CLASSISCAM‚ÄôS SUSTAINED GLOBAL
CAMPAIGN (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.group-ib.com/blog/classiscam-2023/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Classiscam scam-as-a-service program has reaped criminal actors
$64.5 million in illicit earnings since its emergence in 2019. This
blog includes a detailed analysis of how Classiscam campaigns have
changed over the past four years. Would-be cybercriminals can now
leverage a range of automated tools to create new Classiscam schemes
‚Äì including phishing sites ‚Äî in a handful of minutes. 

MASHING ENTER TO BYPASS FULL DISK ENCRYPTION WITH TPM, CLEVIS, DRACUT,
AND SYSTEMD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://pulsesecurity.co.nz/advisories/tpm-luks-bypass?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Using the vulnerability described in this blog, an attacker may take
control of an encrypted Linux computer during the early boot process,
manually unlock TPM-based disk encryption, and either modify or read
sensitive information stored on the computer‚Äôs disk. This blog post
runs through how the vulnerability was identified and exploited - no
tiny soldering required. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

JS-X-RAY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/NodeSecure/js-x-ray?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

JavaScript & Node.js open-source SAST scanner. A static analyzer for
detecting most common malicious patterns. 

CHERRYBOMB (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/blst-security/cherrybomb?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cherrybomb is a CLI tool written in Rust that helps prevent incorrect
code implementation early in development. It works by validating and
testing your API using an OpenAPI file. Its main goal is to reduce
security errors and ensure your API functions as intended. 

CHROMEAUDIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nullenc0de/ChromeAudit?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

ChromeAudit is a plugin for the nuclei vulnerability scanner for
Chrome Extension. It allows you to download the Chrome extension as a
zip file and supply it to nuclei to find any vulnerabilities in the
Chrome extension. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

UNMASKING TRICKBOT (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/trickbot-trickleaks-bentley/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Trickbot was formed in 2016 and rose to become one of the world‚Äôs
top cybercrime gangs. An investigation into the leaked internal
messages, known as Trickfiles, from this group reveals the identities
of key players, ties to the Kremlin, and insights into their internal
organization. 

REVEALING THE TARGETS AND RULES FOR THE FIRST PWN2OWN AUTOMOTIVE (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zerodayinitiative.com/blog/2023/8/28/revealing-the-targets-and-rules-for-the-first-pwn2own-automotive?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Zero Day Initiative (ZDI) this week announced that it will be
offering more than $1 million in cash and prizes at Pwn2Own
Automotive, the first Pwn2Own hacking contest focused on car systems. 

NETWRIX HYBRID SECURITY TRENDS REPORT 2023 - EDUCATION SPECIAL (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://netwrix.com/download/reports/Netwrix_Hybrid_Security_Trends_Report_2023_Education.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Netwrix survey shows 69% of education organizations suffered a
cyberattack in the past year, higher than other sectors. Phishing and
compromised on-prem user/admin accounts were top attack vectors,
unlike others. Highlights increased threats and account risks facing
the education sector. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE CHURCH OF SCIENTOLOGY EMERGES AS THE NEWEST OPPONENT OF RIGHT TO
REPAIR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/01/right_to_repair_scientology/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Church of Scientology's Author Services filed a letter with the US
regarding the triennial review of the DMCA. In this letter, Author
Services contests the changes that Right to Repair advocates are
seeking. Representatives from iFixit speculate that the Church is
concerned with the hacking community digging into the Church‚Äôs
E-meter devices. 

RUST MALWARE STAGED ON CRATES.IO (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.phylum.io/rust-malware-staged-on-crates-io/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Yet another supply chain attack campaign on Rust programmers.
Libraries that were named similar to popular libraries like postgress,
if-cfg, xrvrv, serd, oncecell, lazystatic, and envlogger were malware
uploaded to get the developer‚Äôs operating system information and
transmit the data to a hard-coded Telegram channel. 

DECRYPTING KEY GROUP RANSOMWARE: EMERGING FINANCIALLY MOTIVATED CYBER
CRIME GANG (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.eclecticiq.com/decrypting-key-group-ransomware-emerging-financially-motivated-cyber-crime-gang?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Key Group ransomware family was first revealed on January 6, 2023.
It is a financially motivated threat group using Telegram channel
keygroup777Tg for the negotiation of ransoms. Cyber intelligence firm
EclecticIQ on Thursday announced the release of a free decryption tool
to help victims of the Key Group ransomware recover their data without
having to pay a ransom. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=5f9477c4-4b12-11ee-885b-fbdb81f02660&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693832420&t=1693832652&s=572990753b34fde80a0c8c248df5e032f801e464de93de3c309bea862c277766].