# Articles TLDR InfoSec 23-10-2023

On October 19, Okta announced that it had identified adversarial
activity that accessed Okta‚Äôs support case system.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7e8162a8-7193-11ee-8a0d-cf5595e02673&pt=campaign&t=1698066240&s=956c957307f46b0211a6f1c4bc0edad9cb785a76f9b7a5bdd4cc2994fa0f8195]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Wiz]
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-23

 RAMPANT CLOUD ACTIVITY? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]


 Cloud risk can grow faster than your AWS bill (true story).¬†
That‚Äôs why Wiz partnered with Wiley to create the AWS Security for
Dummies
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies]
ebook. This free pdf contains 46 pages of expert tips to harden your
AWS environment, including:¬†

 	* How to get the basics right to help scale security when your
footprint (inevitably) grows¬†
 	* How to secure specific resources based on your usage (VMs, S3,
Cloudtrails, and more)¬†
 	* Which critical weaknesses to prioritize so you aren‚Äôt caught off
guard

All of these techniques can be found here -- grab your free digital
copy now and boost your AWS security posture
[https://www.wiz.io/lp/aws-security-foundations-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=paid-email&utm_campaign=FY24Q2_INB_FORM_AWS-Security-Foundations-for-Dummies&sfcid=7013z000002BHfzAAG&utm_term=FY24Q3-TldrTech-nl&utm_content=AWSDummies].¬†

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 HACKERS STOLE ACCESS TOKENS FROM OKTA‚ÄôS SUPPORT UNIT (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/10/hackers-stole-access-tokens-from-oktas-support-unit/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 On October 19, Okta announced that it had identified adversarial
activity that accessed Okta‚Äôs support case system. The hackers had
accessed files that contained session cookies and tokens that
attackers could use to impersonate users. This activity was first
detected by BeyondTrust. Okta has notified affected customers. 

 BLACKCAT ADDS MUNCHKIN VM TO ITS ATTACK ARSENAL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/blackcat-ransomware-uses-new-munchkin-linux-vm-in-stealthy-attacks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Palo Alto Networks has discovered a new tool used by the BlackCat
ransomware group. Munchkin is packaged as an Alpine Linux ISO that
threat actors run via VirtualBox on target systems. The ransomware
then collects credentials and sensitive information and builds the
Sphinx encryptor payload. This article includes more details of how
the tool operates and intercepts communications. 

 NEW TETRISPHANTOM HACKERS STEAL DATA FROM SECURE USB DRIVES ON GOVT
SYSTEMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/new-tetrisphantom-hackers-steal-data-from-secure-usb-drives-on-govt-systems/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A new threat group known as TetrisPhantom has been targeting
government systems in the Asia-Pacific region using compromised secure
USB drives. The group uses custom software to decrypt protected
partitions of the devices and steal sensitive information. The
attackers use a trojanized version of the UTetris.exe application
bundled on an unencrypted part of the USB drive to execute the attack.


üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 VSS: BEGINNERS GUIDE TO BUILDING A HARDWARE HACKING LAB (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://voidstarsec.com/hw-hacking-lab/vss-lab-guide?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This guide outlines recommended hardware for building an initial
embedded/IoT security testing lab. It covers a range of devices and
budgets to help teams new to hardware hacking get started using
regularly used tools for pen testing and research. The guide aims to
enable practitioners to assemble versatile labs for evaluating device
vulnerabilities without specific product endorsements. 

 HOW AUTOMATED AI CODE ANALYSIS CAN SCALE APPLICATION SECURITY (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://betterappsec.com/how-automated-ai-code-analysis-can-scale-application-security-667002ad63c4?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 AppSec engineers balance being jack-of-all-trades with subject matter
experts, requiring intricate knowledge across evolving codebases.
Keeping up with asynchronous changes and dependencies risks undetected
vulnerabilities. Meeting bandwidth limits understanding updates.
Generative AI like ChatGPT can create scalable efficiency, augmenting
human expertise across complex, shifting application landscapes. This
post explores the details of how AI tools can multiply AppSec
capabilities. 

 MACOS MALWARE 2023 | A DEEP DIVE INTO EMERGING TRENDS AND EVOLVING
TECHNIQUES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sentinelone.com/blog/macos-malware-2023-a-deep-dive-into-emerging-trends-and-evolving-techniques/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article talks about various techniques that macOS malware has
evolved in 2023. One pattern is the tendency of malware to eschew
persistence, particularly among infostealers, which seek to steal
admin passwords, browsing data, session cookies, and keychains in a
single execution. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 HIJAGGER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/firefart/hijagger?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 Hijagger checks all maintainers of all npm and PyPI packages for
packages hijackable through domain re-registration. 

 CVE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/trickest/cve?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 Gather and update all available and newest CVEs with their PoC to
learn how to exploit them and prevent them. 

 INJECT MY PDF: PROMPT INJECTION FOR YOUR RESUME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://kai-greshake.de/posts/inject-my-pdf/?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 A tool to repeatedly insert minimum opacity and font size text to a
resume that includes prompt injection to fool AI recruiters. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CALIFORNIA SIGNS DELETE ACT INTO LAW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.bloomberglaw.com/us-law-week/californias-delete-act-could-be-next-frontier-beyond-ccpa?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Governor Newsom has signed the Delete Act, which California
introduced following on the heels of the CCPA. The Delete Act broadly
defines what a data broker is and then establishes that data brokers
must provide more detailed information when registering with the state
of California, disclose metrics related to the CCPA, and, by 2026,
honor deletion requests. 

 QUBITSTRIKE - AN EMERGING MALWARE CAMPAIGN TARGETING JUPYTER
NOTEBOOKS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cadosecurity.com/qubitstrike-an-emerging-malware-campaign-targeting-jupyter-notebooks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Cado has disclosed its first Codeberg malware distribution,
continuing the Discord C2 trend. Qubitstrike specifically targets
cloud provider credentials and attempts post-compromise exploitation.
It initially leverages Jupyter Notebooks, but can spread via SSH. 

 THE FAKE BROWSER UPDATE SCAM GETS A MAKEOVER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/10/the-fake-browser-update-scam-gets-a-makeover/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Researchers have found a resurgence of malicious "browser update"
scams on hacked sites now hosting malware on decentralized
cryptocurrency blockchains. First seen as ClearFake in August using
Cloudflare, the new version stores payloads on anonymous blockchains,
evading takedowns. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 HORIZONS OF IDENTITY SECURITY REPORT 2023 (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://docs.sailpoint.com/wp-content/uploads/SailPoint-Horizons-of-Identity-Security-Report-2023-SP2336.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Sailpoint‚Äôs 2023 State of Identity report surveyed 375+ global
security leaders on identity program maturity. 44% still lack
foundations like governance and visibility. The report highlights
future identity tech advances, business benefits for boards, and steps
toward maturity, assessing where organizations stand and the next
actions in their identity journey. 

 TIPS FOR CREATING A STRONG CYBERSECURITY ASSESSMENT REPORT (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://zeltser.com/media/docs/security-assessment-report-cheat-sheet.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A cheat sheet for creating a strong report as part of a penetration
test, vulnerability assessment, or information security audit. 

 RAGNARLOCKER RANSOMWARE GANG TAKEDOWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/20/ragnarlocker-ransomware-dark-web-portal-seized-in-international-sting/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 An international operation was conducted against the RagnarLocker
ransomware gang. Europol announced a coordinated seizure of the
RagnarLocker domain as well as the arrest of a man that authorities
are accusing of being the main perpetrator in Paris. Coordinated
actions were taken in the Czech Republic, Spain, Latvia, Ukraine,
Italy, the Netherlands, Germany, and Sweden. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7e8162a8-7193-11ee-8a0d-cf5595e02673&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698066037&t=1698066240&s=d49d09ef3214b4bae4dab17654762ee0e0fce1691b0289e3c3c95ec39a0a026c].