# Articles TLDR InfoSec 02-10-2023

A zero-day vulnerability in Exim mail transfer agent allows
unauthenticated attackers to gain remote code execution on
Internet-exposed servers¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=b9830f18-610e-11ee-8088-191e5bbca535&pt=campaign&t=1696251860&s=4c76061e2a1d8cc38262107fa70674e897587ba6f9074fa2c1d917faf60ef3eb]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-02

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

MILLIONS OF EXIM MAIL SERVERS EXPOSED TO ZERO-DAY RCE ATTACKS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/millions-of-exim-mail-servers-exposed-to-zero-day-rce-attacks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A zero-day vulnerability in all versions of Exim mail transfer agent
allows unauthenticated attackers to gain remote code execution on
Internet-exposed servers. The vulnerability is due to an Out-of-bounds
Write weakness found in the SMTP service, which can lead to software
crashes or corruption of data following successful exploitation. 

JOHNSON CONTROLS INTERNATIONAL DISRUPTED BY MAJOR CYBERATTACK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.darkreading.com/ics-ot/johnson-controls-international-hit-with-massive-ransomware-attack?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Johnson Controls International this week reported in a filing with the
US Securities and Exchange Commission that it had suffered a
cyberattack that caused disruptions to its internal IT infrastructure.
The attack was perpetrated by cybergang Dark Angels, who posted a
ransom letter claiming the attack. It was done with ransomware that
encrypted Johnson Controls‚Äô VMware ESXi machines. 

CRITICAL VULNERABILITIES IN WS_FTP SERVER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.rapid7.com/blog/post/2023/09/29/etr-critical-vulnerabilities-in-ws_ftp-server/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Progress Software posted a security advisory for several
vulnerabilities affecting WS_FTP Server, a secure file transfer
solution. Rapid7 has observed that these vulnerabilities are being
actively exploited and provided details of the attack chains it has
been seeing. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

A PRACTICAL APPROACH TO SBOM IN CI/CD PART II ‚Äî DEPLOYING
DEPENDENCY-TRACK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/a-practical-approach-to-sbom-in-ci-cd-part-ii-deploying-dependency-track-18fbb54d83b9?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article teaches readers how to store and analyze Software Bill of
Materials with OWASP Dependency-Track to identify security
vulnerabilities in open-source components. It covers how
Dependency-Track can be deployed in a production environment and
summarizes the pros and cons of the platform. 

NOSQL INJECTION EXPLOITATION TECHNIQUES & LABS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://portswigger.net/web-security/nosql-injection?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

NoSQL injection is a vulnerability where hackers can interfere with
queries to NoSQL databases. This can let them bypass authentication,
steal or edit data, cause denial of service, or execute server code.
NoSQL databases do not use SQL, instead favoring non-relational data
formats that open up for injection risks through the lack of
standards. This blog dives into the different NoSQL injection
techniques and provides labs for readers to try to exploit them. 

AUTOMATE LAMBDA CODE SIGNING WITH AWS CODECATALYST AND AWS SIGNER (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/automate-lambda-code-signing-with-amazon-codecatalyst-and-aws-signer/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Code Signing helps ensure the trust and security of deployed code
using cryptographic signatures. This post from AWS walks through the
process of configuring a CodeCatalyst CI/CD pipeline that uses AWS
Signer to automatically sign deployed code. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

ENCRYPTED CLIENT HELLO - THE LAST PUZZLE PIECE TO PRIVACY (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-encrypted-client-hello/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cloudflare has announced a new proposed standard called Encrypted
Client Hello (ECH) that masks Server Name Indication (SNI), preventing
networks from snooping on which websites a user is visiting. ECH is
the last puzzle piece to privacy, and Cloudflare hopes that more
providers will offer ECH, leading to a more private internet for
everyone. 

DISCERN SECURITY EMERGES FROM STEALTH MODE WITH $3 MILLION IN FUNDING
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidprosser/2023/09/19/why-discern-security-thinks-ai-can-defeat-the-cyber-attackers/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Discern Security has raised $3M to use AI for cybersecurity. Many
firms buy expensive tools but don't know how to use them properly.
Discern's software maps infrastructure and tools, then makes
recommendations to optimize configurations and get the most
protection. 

SUBSTATION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/brexhq/substation?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Substation is a cloud-native, event-driven data pipeline toolkit. It
allows for the deployment of modular, serverless data pipelines, data
processing, and writing custom data processing applications in Go. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PALO ALTO NETWORKS IN ADVANCED TALKS TO BUY TALON AND DIG IN A $1B
SECURITY SWEEP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/26/palo-alto-networks-dig-talon/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Palo Alto Networks is in talks to acquire Israeli cybersecurity
startups Talon Cyber Security and Dig Security for around $1 billion
in total. Talon protects distributed workforces with secure enterprise
browsing. Dig secures data across public clouds. The deals would
expand Palo Alto's security portfolio as demand grows. 

LAZARUS LURING EMPLOYEES WITH TROJANIZED CODING CHALLENGES: THE CASE
OF A SPANISH AEROSPACE COMPANY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.welivesecurity.com/en/eset-research/lazarus-luring-employees-trojanized-coding-challenges-case-spanish-aerospace-company/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

ESET researchers uncovered a Lazarus cyberattack on a Spanish
aerospace firm. Hackers posed as Meta recruiters on LinkedIn and sent
coding challenges containing malware. Once inside the network, Lazarus
deployed multiple tools including a new backdoor called LightlessCan.
ESET analyzed the attack method and Lazarus' toolset through
cooperation with the victim company. 

VOLATILITY3: REMOTE ANALYSIS ON CLOUD OBJECT-STORAGE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forensicxlab.com/posts/vols3/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Volatility3 is a memory forensic framework used for incident response.
It recently added support for S3 object storage and released an
in-depth blog post on how it was implemented. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHO‚ÄôS BEHIND THE 8BASE RANSOMWARE GROUP? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/09/whos-behind-the-8base-ransomware-website/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A Krebs on Security reader noted that the 8base ransomware group was
leaking a significant amount of information on its public error pages.
Brian Krebs used this information to trace the website to a
36-year-old Moldovan programmer. The programmer denied the connection.


THE END OF PRIVACY IS A TAYLOR SWIFT FAN TIKTOK ACCOUNT ARMED WITH
FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.404media.co/the-end-of-privacy-is-a-taylor-swift-fan-tiktok-account-armed-with-facial-recognition-tech/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A viral TikTok account has amassed a following by utilizing
off-the-shelf facial recognition tools to dox random people. The
account usually starts by choosing a victim from other viral videos or
comments and then goes through the process of processing the image and
doxing the person. TikTok has commented that the account does not
violate their policies. 

USING CLOUDFLARE TO BYPASS CLOUDFLARE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://certitude.consulting/blog/en/using-cloudflare-to-bypass-cloudflare/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cloudflare has a vulnerability where customer-configured protection
mechanisms can be bypassed due to gaps in cross-tenant security
controls, potentially exposing customers to attacks Cloudflare is
supposed to prevent. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=b9830f18-610e-11ee-8088-191e5bbca535&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696251632&t=1696251860&s=6f7da08c66910dd17c0f9d0a040e643a52d124e6992269ee3ce2d3b67bca4e2a].