# Articles TLDR InfoSec 06-09-2023

Freecycle.org has prompted millions of users to reset their passwords
after credentials were compromised in a data breach¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=2f7a4a88-4ca1-11ee-9075-bf1c95e3027c&pt=campaign&t=1694005437&s=cd443fe9dc91dbf868d50674f3213fdc89b6f1c95955a3ebc3228f4fad2cf275]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/on-demand-demo?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-06

ARE YOU BUILDING COMPLIANT SOFTWARE? PROVE IT WITH VANTA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/on-demand-demo?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

You‚Äôre probably spending much more time on compliance than you were
five years ago‚Ä¶could you be spending less?
Customers (5,000+) report saving hundreds of hours in manual work and
up to 85% of costs
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/on-demand-demo?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
for SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, GDPR, and custom frameworks.

Vanta helps SaaS businesses of all sizes manage risk and prove
security
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/on-demand-demo?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]
in real time ‚Äî with hourly tests, holistic risk visibility, and
efficient audits. So you can harden your security and compliance
posture, and also verify you‚Äôre doing the right things.

Watch the 30-minute on-demand demo to learn how Vanta works
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/on-demand-demo?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-cybersecurity&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

GRAFANA SECURITY UPDATE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://grafana.com/blog/2023/08/24/grafana-security-update-gpg-signing-key-rotation/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Grafana released an alert that one of its GPG private keys and
passphrases was leaked. In response it has revoked the affected
certificate and users will need to update their GPG trust
relationships if they utilize package repositories. 

4,500 OF THE TOP 1 MILLION WEBSITES LEAKED SOURCE CODE, SECRETS (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://trufflesecurity.com/blog/4500-of-the-top-1-million-websites-leaked-source-code-secrets/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Security researchers collaborated to scan the Alexa Top 1 Million
Websites for leaked secrets and discovered that 4,500 of the most
heavily visited websites in the world publicly exposed their git
directory, which often contained the entire private source code for a
given website. AWS and GitHub keys accounted for 45% of all leaked
credentials and third-party email marketing services accounted for a
large percentage of the leaked keys. 

ALL FREECYCLE USERS IMPACTED BY DATA BREACH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://freecycle.helpscoutdocs.com/article/319-data-breach-august-2023?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Freecycle.org, a platform that allows users to recycle their
belongings, has prompted millions of users to reset their passwords
after credentials were compromised in a data breach. The breach of
data includes usernames, User IDs, email addresses, and passwords. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HUNTING C2S WITH NUCLEI (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://axelarator.github.io/posts/hunt/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This is a blog post detailing a method to repurpose Nuclei, a common
DAST tool, for threat hunting. The author outlines the steps that they
used through other tools and manually to threat hunt and then the
high-level process for automating their process with Nuclei. The post
also includes an example of hunting for Nimplant. 

REVISTING BLISTER: NEW DEVELOPMENT OF THE BLISTER LOADER (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.elastic.co/security-labs/revisiting-blister-new-developments-of-the-blister-loader?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

BLISTER, a malware loader associated with financially-motivated
intrusions has been growing over the last two years under the radar.
It now integrates techniques to remove any process instrumentation
hook. BLISTER has modified its configuration with multiple revisions,
now encompassing additional fields and flags. This post dives into the
advancements of BLISTER. 

USING OPEN-SOURCE SOFTWARE COMPOSITION ANALYSIS TOOL FROM GOOGLE (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@theowni/using-open-source-software-composition-analysis-tool-from-google-70fef62ec104?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article dives into how you can set up and configure osv-scanner,
an open source SCA tool, to identify vulnerabilities in popular open
source projects. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

STRATUS-RED-TEAM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/DataDog/stratus-red-team?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Stratus-red-team is a tool for emulating offensive attack techniques
in a controlled manner on cloud environments for the purpose of
testing detection and response. Attacks are organized by cloud
provider and category of attack. Each attack has a comprehensive wiki
page with a MITRE ATT&CK mapping, description, and example detections.
The recently released v2.9.0 includes new techniques for ransomware
simulation. 

CALDERA-OT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mitre/caldera-ot?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A collection of plugins that extend Caldera (adversary emulation
platform) to the Operational Technology (OT) environment. 

MERCATOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dbarzin/mercator?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Mercator is an Open Source web application to manage the mapping of an
information system as described in the Mapping The Information System
Guide of the ANSSI. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GETTING INTO AWS CLOUD RESEARCH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://dagrz.com/writing/aws-security/getting-into-aws-security-research/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A comprehensive guide to beginning to research AWS cloud security. The
guide suggests ways to gain more foundational knowledge, leaders in
the field to follow, and different ways to dive deep. The guide
concludes with reporting methods and assorted tips. 

COST OF A DATA BREACH REPORT 2023 (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/E3G5JMBP?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

IBM's 2023 installment of their annual "Cost of a Breach" report has
brought up some interesting trends such as the average cost of a
breach rose once again to $4.45 million, increasing 15% over the last
three years. It also has an industry-specific focus and breakdown of
breaches. 

HACKING DEVICE FLIPPER ZERO CAN SPAM NEARBY IPHONES WITH BLUETOOTH
POP-UPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/05/flipper-zero-hacking-iphone-flood-popups/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A security researcher who asked to be referred to as only Anthony
demonstrated an attack using a Flipper Zero where a small device can
be programmed to perform wireless attacks on devices in its range,
such as iPhones, as well as car keyfobs, contactless and RFID cards,
and more. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OKTA CROSS-TENANT IMPERSONATION: PREVENTION AND DETECTION (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://sec.okta.com/articles/2023/08/cross-tenant-impersonation-prevention-and-detection?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Threat actors are using social engineering to convince IT desk
personnel to reset multifactor authentication (MFA) for highly
privileged Okta enterprise accounts, gaining access to the cloud-based
identity access management (IAM) service and moving laterally through
targeted networks from there. Okta warns about how common this threat
is and how to prevent it. 

MULTIPLE NOTEPAD++ FLAWS LET ATTACKERS EXECUTE ARBITRARY CODE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://cybersecuritynews.com/multiple-notepad-flaw/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Several Buffer Overflow vulnerabilities have been discovered in
Notepad++ that can be exploited by threat actors for malicious
purposes. 

CHROME EXTENSIONS CAN STEAL PLAINTEXT PASSWORDS FROM WEBSITES (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/chrome-extensions-can-steal-plaintext-passwords-from-websites/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A team of researchers from the University of Wisconsin-Madison has
uploaded to the Chrome Web Store a proof-of-concept extension that can
steal plaintext passwords from a website's source code. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=2f7a4a88-4ca1-11ee-9075-bf1c95e3027c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694005219&t=1694005437&s=e3264c1f54261112bf64fe7665bd405ebdb02b0a6056066c6afb48482a797784].