# Articles TLDR InfoSec 01-09-2023

Japans National Center of Incident Readiness and Strategy for
Cybersecurity has confirmed that it was hacked for as long as nine
months¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=4f7b5b66-48b8-11ee-9a3e-1599ee7e1c17&pt=campaign&t=1693573432&s=814c27ae31c8e5c22dd107702f8f62ecd9d0cacbe8e80b4ae28de2cfb354d0ff]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-01

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

JAPAN‚ÄôS CYBERSECURITY AGENCY ADMITS IT WAS HACKED FOR MONTHS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bitdefender.com/blog/hotforsecurity/japans-cybersecurity-agency-admits-it-was-hacked-for-months/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Japan's National Center of Incident Readiness and Strategy for
Cybersecurity (NISC) has confirmed that it was hacked for as long as
nine months. The Chinese military is suspected to be behind the
breach, which was discovered in June 2023. Email conversations were
exposed to unauthorized parties, and there were also "suspicious phone
calls and emails" from people posing as employees of Japan's NISC. 

HACKERS FORCE SHUTDOWN OF TWO KEY ASTRONOMICAL OBSERVATORIES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/hackers-shutdown-two-observatories-north-south-gemini-1850786991?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The International Gemini Observatory, a key player in global
astronomical research, has temporarily halted astronomical operations
following a cyberattack. The culprits and their motives remain
unknown. 

500K IMPACTED BY DATA BREACH AT FASHION RETAILER FOREVER 21 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/500k-impacted-by-data-breach-at-fashion-retailer-forever-21/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Fashion retailer Forever 21 has started informing more than 500,000
individuals that their personal information was compromised in a data
breach earlier this year. There are suggestions that Forever 21
engaged in communication with the attackers and that a ransom might
have been paid. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SAPPHIRESTEALER: OPEN-SOURCE INFORMATION STEALER ENABLES CREDENTIAL
AND DATA THEFT (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.talosintelligence.com/sapphirestealer-goes-open-source/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An open-source .NET-based information stealer malware dubbed
SapphireStealer is being used by multiple entities to enhance their
capabilities and spawn their own bespoke variants. This blog post
dives into how this malware operates, which organizations seem to be
using it to steal data, and the different variants that have been
brought to light. 

CONTAIN YOURSELF: STAYING UNDETECTED USING THE WINDOWS CONTAINER
ISOLATION FRAMEWORK (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.deepinstinct.com/blog/contain-yourself-staying-undetected-using-the-windows-container-isolation-framework?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The blog post covers the basics of Windows containers, breaks down its
file system isolation framework, reverse-engineers its main
mini-filter driver, and details how it can be utilized and manipulated
by a bad actor to bypass EDR products in multiple domains. 

USING LLMS TO REVERSE JAVASCRIPT VARIABLE MINIFICATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thejunkland.com/blog/using-llms-to-reverse-javascript-minification?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post introducing a technique to reverse minified JS using LLMs
while keeping the semantics intact. The technique involves utilizing
webcrack, plugins that reverse lossless minification, and then having
an LLM generate a name for the variable based on its function in the
code. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

FIANU LABS SECURES $2 MILLION IN SEED FUNDING FROM DATATRIBE TO
AUTOMATE GOVERNANCE OF SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fianu-labs-secures-2-million-123300323.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Fianu Labs raises $2 million in seed funding to bring governance to
every software release. It does this by maintaining a continuous audit
trail of every code change from creation to release. 

X64DBG (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/x64dbg/x64dbg?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An open-source user mode debugger for Windows. Optimized for reverse
engineering and malware analysis. 

TFSEC (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aquasecurity/tfsec?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

tfsec is a static analysis tool for Terraform code. tfsec identifies
and provides possible fixes for misconfigurations in Terraform code.
It is highly configurable and can be integrated into CI/CD pipelines. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW THE FBI NUKED QAKBOT MALWARE FROM INFECTED WINDOWS PCS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/how-the-fbi-nuked-qakbot-malware-from-infected-windows-pcs/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article goes in-depth about how the FBI nuked Qakbot malware from
infected Windows PCs. The FBI dismantled the Qakbot botnet by seizing
the attacker's server infrastructure and creating a special removal
tool that uninstalled the Qakbot malware from infected devices. Qakbot
was distributed through phishing campaigns that utilize a variety of
lures, including reply-chain email attacks. 

MALWAREBYTES LAYS OFF 100 EMPLOYEES AHEAD OF BUSINESS SPLIT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/31/malwarebytes-layoffs-business-split/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cybersecurity giant Malwarebytes this week laid off 100 employees as
it prepares for a major restructuring that will see the business split
into two. 

THE GLOBAL HEALTHCARE CYBERSECURITY STUDY 2023 (8 MINUTE RIDE)
[https://web-assets.claroty.com/claroty-healthcare-survey-report-aug-2023-cg-2.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Roughly 78% of the healthcare organizations in North America, South
America, the APAC region, and Europe experienced a cyberattack over
the past year, according to the report from Claroty. The report
reveals that the attacks impacted IT systems, sensitive information,
medical devices, and management systems at the affected organizations.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BARRACUDA THOUGHT IT DROVE 0-DAY HACKERS OUT. IT WAS WRONG (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/08/barracuda-thought-it-drove-0-day-hackers-out-of-customers-networks-it-was-wrong/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Although Barracuda believed they drove out the Chinese state hackers
who accessed their Email Security Gateway, it now appears they were
able to evade the expellers. 

APPLE INVITES RESEARCHERS TO THE 2024 IPHONE SECURITY RESEARCH DEVICE
PROGRAM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://appleinsider.com/articles/23/08/30/apple-invites-researchers-to-apply-to-the-2024-iphone-security-research-device-program?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Apple is inviting researchers to join the iPhone Security Research
Device Program, which allows them to work with Apple directly in
discovering vulnerabilities while still receiving bounty payments. 

THE DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OPENS CYBER CONTEST TO BENEFIT RURAL
UTILITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cyberscoop.com/doe-contest-rural-utility/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The DoE has launched a competition for rural utility providers to
receive $8.9 million in aid for improving cyber defenses. The program
is split into three phases where utilities will describe the resources
they need, plan how to acquire and implement those resources, and then
implement them. The deadline for the first phase is November 29. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=4f7b5b66-48b8-11ee-9a3e-1599ee7e1c17&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693573218&t=1693573432&s=8b42d6916a72325932007ace83a7dbcbc8b904e7b8240bb56559d0cec5985d48].