# Articles TLDR InfoSec 22-09-2023

Microsoft researchers posted a link with a misconfigured Azure SAS
token¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=93ae37e2-5932-11ee-bb70-83e39b0b805c&pt=campaign&t=1695387860&s=40b4fb647ba4019b11d39b7b1fe20161b97c1bc7a488ec93d6694dded1d113bf]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-22

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

RESEARCH EXPOSES NEW VERSIONS OF THE BBTOK BANKING MALWARE, WHICH
TARGETS CLIENTS OF OVER 40 MEXICAN AND BRAZILIAN BANK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.checkpoint.com/security/check-point-research-exposes-new-versions-of-the-bbtok-banking-malware-which-targets-clients-of-over-40-mexican-and-brazilian-banks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Check Point discovered an active BBTok banking malware campaign in
Latin America, with a new variant impersonating 40+ Mexican/Brazilian
banks to steal 2FA codes and card numbers. Threat actors maintained
diverse Windows infection chains with varied file types, showing
continued evolution of the malware. 

38TB OF DATA ACCIDENTALLY EXPOSED BY MICROSOFT AI RESEARCHERS (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wiz.io/blog/38-terabytes-of-private-data-accidentally-exposed-by-microsoft-ai-researchers?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Microsoft researchers posted a link with a misconfigured Azure SAS
token that granted access to the full storage account as opposed to
just the intended dataset while publishing an open-source dataset on
GitHub. The 38TB of accidentally-exposed data includes full backups of
two employee workstations as well as secrets, private keys, and
internal messages. 

APPLE RUSHES TO PATCH 3 NEW ZERO-DAY FLAWS: IOS, MACOS, SAFARI, AND
MORE VULNERABLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehackernews.com/2023/09/apple-rushes-to-patch-3-new-zero-day.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Apple has released security patches to address three zero-day flaws
that were actively exploited in iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and
Safari. This brings the total number of zero-day bugs discovered in
Apple's software this year to 16. The flaws include a certificate
validation issue in the Security framework, a security flaw in Kernel,
and a WebKit flaw that could result in arbitrary code execution. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

NEW WAYS TO INJECT SYSTEM CA CERTIFICATES IN ANDROID 14 (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://httptoolkit.com/blog/android-14-install-system-ca-certificate/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The discussion around Android 14's CA certificate controls has sparked
solutions going beyond previous root approaches. While directly
writing certs is blocked, root access still enables control by digging
into internals. Feedback has produced promising options to regain
system-level CA management practically on the latest Android versions.


DEPLOYING AWS BACKUP (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.primeharbor.com/blog/awsbackup/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post that begins with an overview of what cloud ransomware
attacks look like and then an overview of AWS Backup. The post then
continues to offer advice for deploying AWS Backup at scale using AWS
Organizations. It includes terraform code to aid in deployment. 

A BIG LOOK AT SECURITY IN OPENAPI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://liblab.com/blog/a-big-look-at-security-in-openapi?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This blog post discusses security options in OpenAPI and what
companies are doing regarding API security. Large companies like
Facebook and Github use OAuth2 for API security. The post recommends
using OAuth2 for authentication, but acknowledges that it can be
complex. API keys are still commonly used for security in smaller
APIs. Basic authentication is not recommended due to its lack of
security. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

NOT EVERY BUG IS A SECURITY RISK, BUT ALL OF THEM SUCK (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NotEveryBugSecurity07072023&utm_source=infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

Ready to wave goodbye üëã to bugs? QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NotEveryBugSecurity08222023&utm_source=infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets you to 80% automated test coverage in just 4 months. Their
secret: writing your test suite in Microsoft Playwright + 100%
parallel test running infrastructure
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NotEveryBugSecurity08222023&utm_source=infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
+ 24-hour test maintenance. (Also: unlimited test runs at no
additional cost.)
See for yourself: Schedule a QA Wolf demo in <2 mins
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=NotEveryBugSecurity08222023&utm_source=infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

CISCO TO ACQUIRE SPLUNK IN $28B MEGA DEAL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/21/cisco-to-acquire-splunk-in-28b-mega-deal/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The biggest enterprise software deal of the year to date goes to Cisco
for acquiring the observability behemoth Splunk in a $28B deal, paying
a premium of $157 per share on the average of $80 or $90 per share
Splunk has had this year. 

1PASSWORD ROLLS OUT PUBLIC PASSKEY SUPPORT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/20/23880714/1password-mobile-passkey-support-web-browser-extension-release-date?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

1Password has completed testing for its passkey support. Users can now
create, manage, and sign in with passkeys via 1Password mobile apps
and web extensions. Passkeys are a new login technology that is meant
to replace passwords. 1Password has not enabled the ability to replace
a master password with a passkey but teases that the feature is coming
later in the fall. 

AFTERMATH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/jamf/aftermath?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Aftermath is a free macOS Incident Response framework from JAMF. It
allows defenders to collect and analyze data from a compromised host.
Aftermath can be run as a standalone tool or deployed via MDM and then
a series of collection modules can be run to collect data for
analysis. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LUCR-3: SCATTERED SPIDER GETTING SAAS-Y IN THE CLOUD (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://permiso.io/blog/lucr-3-scattered-spider-getting-saas-y-in-the-cloud?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This blog post dives into the group LUCR-3. LUCR-3 overlaps with
groups such as Scattered Spider, Oktapus, UNC3944, and STORM-0875. It
is a financially motivated attacker that leverages the Identity
Provider (IDP) as initial access into an environment with the goal of
stealing intellectual property for extortion. LUCR-3 targets Fortune
2000 companies across various sectors, including but not limited to
software, retail, hospitality, manufacturing, and telecom. 

DATA BREACH REVEALS DISTRESSING INFO: PEOPLE WHO ORDER PINEAPPLE ON
PIZZA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/21/pizza_hut_australia_data_breach/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Pizza Hut Australia says 190,000 customers' info ‚Äì including names,
delivery addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and order
information ‚Äì have been accessed. It told customers it learned of
the incident in early September and described it as "unauthorized
third party" access to a subset of its data. 

T-MOBILE APP EXPOSES OTHER USERS‚Äô ACCOUNT DETAILS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/20/23881825/t-mobile-account-security-breach-customer-information-leak?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

T-Mobile customers on X and Reddit reported that they were able to see
other accounts‚Äô information in the T-Mobile app. T-Mobile has fixed
the issue. The issue was caused by a technology update glitch and was
not a cyberattack. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

POLAND INVESTIGATES OPENAI OVER PRIVACY CONCERNS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/poland-investigates-openai-over-privacy-concerns-2023-09-21/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Poland's watchdog is investigating whether ChatGPT breaches EU GDPR
data laws, adding to privacy lawsuits OpenAI already faces in the US.
The lack of clarity around how the chatbot handles and secures user
data is drawing growing regulatory scrutiny. 

AWS IAM PROVIDES ACTION LAST ACCESSED INFORMATION FOR OVER 140
SERVICES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/09/aws-identity-access-management-action-last-accessed-information/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

AWS IAM has added Action Last Accessed support to over 140 services.
Action Last Accessed allows admins to see when an IAM identity last
accessed an action, which can aid in finding over-privileged
identities. 

MARVELL DISPUTES CLAIM CAVIUM BACKDOORED CHIPS FOR UNCLE SAM (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://packetstormsecurity.com/news/view/35034/Marvell-Disputes-Claim-Cavium-Backdoored-Chips-For-Uncle-Sam.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Marvell has denied allegations that its subsidiary, Cavium, backdoored
chips for US intelligence. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013
identified Cavium as a vendor of semiconductors backdoored for US
intelligence. The allegations surfaced again in Jacob Appelbaum's PhD
thesis, which was published in March 2022. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=93ae37e2-5932-11ee-bb70-83e39b0b805c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695387619&t=1695387860&s=dfb4352a718b5bddf8439e99369fa5db36e193e5c86456e9938a74e036219d85].