# Articles TLDR InfoSec 18-09-2023

Researchers from Checkmarx discovered a new method to exploit a race
condition in the GitHub retired namespaces protection process¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1475131e-55f5-11ee-8438-2185b1324be5&pt=campaign&t=1695042293&s=9206cccf312991ac69008dd62bae3c09500ae0f045e981b62ded2dda4547299e]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-18

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

PEACH SANDSTORM PASSWORD SPRAY CAMPAIGNS ENABLE INTELLIGENCE
COLLECTION AT HIGH-VALUE TARGETS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/blog/2023/09/14/peach-sandstorm-password-spray-campaigns-enable-intelligence-collection-at-high-value-targets/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Microsoft has reported that an Iranian cyber espionage group, tracked
as Peach Sandstorm but known otherwise as Holmium, APT33, or Elfin,
targeted organizations in the satellite, defense, and pharmaceutical
sectors. The group compromised dozens of entities, exfiltrated data
from a subset, and gained access using password spray attacks. The
campaign began in February and targeted thousands of organizations.

PASSWORD STEALING LINUX MALWARE EVADES NOTICE FOR 3 YEARS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/security/2023/09/password-stealing-linux-malware-served-for-3-years-and-no-one-noticed/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

From 2020 until 2022, a random sampling of users downloading the Free
Download Manager software received a Trojan horse version of the app.
The malicious software has a collector backdoor that collects secrets
from systems and then utilizes another backdoor to download an
uploaded script from a C2 and periodically upload the stolen secrets.
IOCs are included in the article.

NEW GITHUB REPOJACKING METHOD FOUND (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://checkmarx.com/blog/persistent-threat-new-exploit-puts-thousands-of-github-repositories-and-millions-of-users-at-risk/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Researchers from Checkmarx discovered a new method to exploit a race
condition in the GitHub retired namespaces protection process to
repojack popular repositories. Repojacking is an attack where an
attacker sets up a malicious mirror of a GitHub repository that was
renamed with the goal of impersonating the old repository. To prevent
these attacks, GitHub enabled a protection to automatically retire
popular repository namespaces when they are renamed. However, attacks
such as this one bypass this protection.

üß†

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

A DEEP DIVE INTO TPM-BASED BITLOCKER DRIVE ENCRYPTION (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.scrt.ch/2023/09/15/a-deep-dive-into-tpm-based-bitlocker-drive-encryption/#more-4580?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This document provides an in-depth analysis of TPM-based BitLocker
Drive Encryption, which is a feature in Windows that allows users to
encrypt their hard drives. It explains how the BitLocker keys are
stored and how they are accessed using the TPM. Additionally, the
author describes a vulnerability in BitLocker that allows attackers to
bypass the encryption and provides a detailed explanation of how the
attack works.

ACCOUNT TAKEOVER IN CANVAS APPS SERVED IN COMET DUE TO FAILURE IN
CROSS-WINDOW-MESSAGE ORIGIN VALIDATION (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://ysamm.com/?p=783&utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A vulnerability in Facebook/Meta's Canvas on the Comet platform could
allow account takeover if a user plays a malicious Canvas game. The
issue stems from Compat iframes used for OAuth dialogs. A malicious
game could exploit cross-window messaging with the parent window to
set up a rogue communication channel and take over the account. This
blog post explains how the exploit works with examples.

THE HIDDEN DANGERS OF TERRAFORM‚ÄôS REMOTE EXEC PROVISIONER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.cloudsecuritypartners.com/the-hidden-dangers-of-using-terraforms-remote-exec-provisioner/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Terraform‚Äôs remote-exec provisioner is a powerful tool that allows
for executing commands on a remote server to configure it. However,
without proper guardrails, this can pose security risks such as data
exfiltration. This article features an example and discusses some
mitigations.

üßë‚Äçüíª

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

LLM-SECURITY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/dropbox/llm-security?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Dropbox has released this repository of prompt injection example
scripts for educational purposes to understand how to attack LLMs and
learn how to defend against these types of prompts.

INVICTUS-AWS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/invictus-ir/Invictus-AWS?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Invictus-AWS is a standalone Python script to enumerate relevant data
and services in an AWS account.

API SECURITY STARTUP PYNT RAISES $6M (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/06/api-security-startup-pynt-raises-6m/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Pynt is a security testing solution that automates security testing
for developers and testers, enabling effortless vulnerability
discovery and mitigation throughout the SDLC. It has raised a $6
million seed funding round.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

NSA, FBI, AND CISA RELEASE CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHEET ON DEEPFAKE
THREATS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/alerts/2023/09/12/nsa-fbi-and-cisa-release-cybersecurity-information-sheet-deepfake-threats?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The National Security Agency (NSA), Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), and Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA)
have released a Cybersecurity Information Sheet (CSI) on deepfake
threats. The CSI provides an overview of synthetic media threats,
techniques, and trends. It includes recommended steps and best
practices for organizations to prepare, identify, defend against, and
respond to these threats.

META QUEST 2: DEFENSE THROUGH OFFENSE (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://engineering.fb.com/2023/09/12/security/meta-quest-2-defense-through-offense/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Meta's Native Assurance team found a vulnerability in the Meta Quest
2's Android OS that could have allowed arbitrary code execution with
system privileges by exploiting memory corruption over IPC. Though it
never reached production, the vulnerability highlighted improvements
needed in Quest security. Meta shares its review process to
demonstrate its commitment to secure product development.

UNDERSTANDING DDOS SIMULATION TESTING ON AWS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/understanding-ddos-simulation-testing-at-aws/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An article from AWS outlining some of the DDoS options offered by AWS
as well as the options and processes for running DDoS simulations on
AWS. Users have the option of running a simulated DDoS attack through
an approved partner or a synthetic simulated DDoS attack with the AWS
Shield Response Team.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

KONNI HAS ENTERED THE GAME: EXPLOITING WINRAR VULNERABILITY FOR CYBER
ATTACKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://deform.co/konni-has-entered-the-game-exploiting-winrar-vulnerability-for-cyber-attacks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A new possibly North Korean group named Konni has entered the
ransomware game. It recently started to employ new techniques using
WinRAR vulnerabilities to exploit for cryptocurrency.

CISA OFFERS FREE VULNERABILITY SCANS FOR WATER FACILITIES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/cisa-offers-free-security-scans-for-public-water-utilities/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The CISA has announced a new program offering free vulnerability scans
for public water utilities. The program will install scanners in the
organizations and send weekly scan reports with vulnerabilities and
recommendations.

SCATTERED SPIDER TRAPS 100+ VICTIMS IN ITS WEB AS IT MOVES INTO
RANSOMWARE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/09/15/scattered_spider_snares_100_victims/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Scattered Spider, a cybercrime group known for social engineering
attacks, has hit over 100 organizations and recently deployed
ransomware in attacks. Mandiant reports they are expanding beyond
telecom and outsourcing into hospitality, retail, media, and finance.
Mitigations include monitoring for phishing links, credential theft,
and ransomware.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1475131e-55f5-11ee-8438-2185b1324be5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695042018&t=1695042293&s=aec8b62d97f3c0ddbee840b1970d2c250430a6502aaf09abd14df283059ec650].