# Articles TLDR InfoSec 04-10-2023

Fortinet‚Äôs security researchers have identified multiple malicious
npm packages containing obfuscated scripts¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=b0a3b998-629d-11ee-aabf-03f1d2fe386a&pt=campaign&t=1696424711&s=8bf2d5b630f3991fe16d5283d8c87fa1625b24dfa1ecf2d0391d20f2609bc5c2]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-04

GET COMPLIANT BEFORE EOY WITH $1,000 OFF VANTA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]


Obtaining the most sought-after security standards for your software
used to take 400 hours of manual work and basically blocked everything
else for a month or two. With Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter],
it‚Äôs way easier:
‚ö°¬†Vanta automates up to 90% of the work
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
for SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, and more.

‚ö°¬†Get audit-ready in weeks and save significant costs (up to 85%)
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

‚ö°¬†200+ integrations
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
let you easily monitor and secure the tools your business relies on.

If you want to tackle that big compliance project before EoY, now is
the time to act: Vanta is offering new customers $1,000 off. Use this
üëâ¬†link üëà¬†to claim your discount
[https://www.vanta.com/landing/1k-discount?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

RANSOMWARE GROUP CLAIMS IT‚ÄôS COMPROMISED ALL OF SONY‚ÄôS SYSTEMS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.malwarebytes.com/blog/news/2023/09/ransomware-group-claims-its-compromised-all-of-sony-systems?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


The RansomedVC ransomware group posted a notice to its website saying
that they successfully compromised all of Sony‚Äôs systems. According
to the announcement, Sony has refused to pay a ransom and the data
will be sold. Sony has yet to confirm the breach. 

MOTEL ONE DISCLOSES RANSOMWARE ATTACK IMPACTING CUSTOMER DATA (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/motel-one-discloses-ransomware-attack-impacting-customer-data/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


Budget hotel chain Motel One Group on Monday confirmed that 150
customers‚Äô information and credit card data were stolen in a recent
ransomware attack. The attackers attempted to deploy ransomware across
the organization but they were thwarted by extensive protective
measures, reducing the impact to a small number of users. 

SHELLTORCH: MULTIPLE CRITICAL VULNERABILITIES IN PYTORCH MODEL SERVER
(TORCHSERVE) THREATENS COUNTLESS AI USERS - IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oligo.security/blog/shelltorch-torchserve-ssrf-vulnerability-cve-2023-43654?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


The Oligo Security research team has announced the discovery of
critical vulnerabilities (including CVE-2023-43654) that can lead to
full chain Remote Code Execution. It found thousands of publicly
exposed instances, including several in some of the world‚Äôs largest
organizations ‚Äî open to unauthorized access and insertion of
malicious AI models and potentially a full server takeover. Mitigation
steps and a free tool to minimize exposure are available in the post. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

MEETING THE FEDRAMP FIPS 140‚Äì2 REQUIREMENT ON AWS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://alsmola.medium.com/meeting-the-fedramp-fips-140-2-requirement-on-aws-e9886ba3f66b?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


This article discusses the challenges of meeting the FIPS 140-2
requirement for FedRAMP compliance in AWS, which mandates the use of
FIPS-validated encryption modules for all federal data at rest and in
transit. There is limited AWS documentation on using FIPS modules for
encryption at rest, but FedRAMP-compliant AWS-managed services that
offer KMS-based encryption at rest should be using FIPS modules. 

EXPLOITING THE IPHONE 4, PART 1 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://axleos.com/exploiting-the-iphone-4-part-1-gaining-entry/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


This series of 6 articles walks through in great detail how to
jailbreak an iPhone 4. Throughout this article, the author reflects on
the technical and creative aspects of developing a jailbreak. 

LIGHTING THE EXFILTRATION INFRASTRUCTURE OF A LOCKBIT AFFILIATE (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@lcam/lighting-the-exfiltration-infrastructure-of-a-lockbit-affiliate-and-more-f57fbb7a4e79?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


This report investigates a LockBit extortion incident that took place
in Q3 2023 and uncovers connections between a range of cybercriminal
activities, highlighting some of the constants characterizing a
dangerous threat actor operating deeply in the digital underground.
The report presents findings from examining the exfiltration
infrastructure associated with one of the most notorious LockBit
affiliates, which has also been tracked by CISA. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

CERBERUS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/h311d1n3r/Cerberus?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

Cerberus is a static analysis tool that attempts to retrieve Go and
Rust symbol names. Cerberus does this by locating which libraries are
used, downloading and building them, and then hashing the functions
and comparing them to the provided binary. 

CERTGRAPH (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lanrat/certgraph?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

CertGraph constructs and crawls the graph of a domain‚Äôs SSL
certificates. It does this by treating each domain as a node and each
certificate alternative node as an edge to another domain node. The
tool was created for enumeration via SSL certificates. 

SYNQLY EMERGES FROM STEALTH TO REVOLUTIONIZE SECURITY PRODUCT
INTEGRATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://synqly.com/press/synqly-emerges-from-stealth-to-revolutionize-security-product-integrations/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


Synqly, a Silicon Valley startup with ambitious plans to fix the way
security and infrastructure products are integrated, announced its
debut Tuesday with an early stage $4 million venture capital bet led
by SYN Ventures, Okta Ventures, and Secure Octane. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AMAZON CLOUDFRONT ANNOUNCES SECURITY RECOMMENDATIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2023/09/amazon-cloudfront-security-recommendations/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


AWS WAF will now surface security recommendations in the CloudFront
console based on the configuration of the CloudFront distribution. 

THE US IS OPENLY STOCKPILING DIRT ON ALL ITS CITIZENS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/odni-commercially-available-information-report/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


A new report reveals that government agencies have been stockpiling
data on US citizens through data broker pipelines. Privacy advocates
have been arguing that government agencies use too broad a definition
of ‚Äúpublicly available data‚Äù to include any data that can be
purchased. This allows for things like persistently tracking phones
without a warrant so long as the tracking data is purchased. 

MALICIOUS PACKAGES HIDDEN IN NPM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fortinet.com/blog/threat-research/malicious-packages-hiddin-in-npm?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


Fortinet‚Äôs security researchers have identified multiple malicious
npm packages containing obfuscated scripts designed to harvest a trove
of information from victims‚Äô systems. These 35 malicious packages in
the npm Registry contain install scripts capable of collecting system
and user data and exfiltrating it via a webhook or file-sharing link. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

2023 STATE OF API SECURITY REPORT: GLOBAL FINDINGS [PDF DOWNLOAD] (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.traceable.ai/resources/dl/report-state-of-api-security-global?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


Global State of API Security survey investigates API data breaches,
API sprawl, ownership, governance, zero trust, and the path to a
secure future. This study gathered insights from 1,629 respondents
across over 100 countries and six major industries. One of the
highlights is that 74% of organizations have had at least three
API-related data breaches in the past two years. 

GOOGLE TO BOLSTER PHISHING AND MALWARE DELIVERY DEFENSES IN 2024 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/google-to-bolster-phishing-and-malware-delivery-defenses-in-2024/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


Google plans to introduce new sender guidelines in February 2024 to
strengthen email security against phishing and malware delivery. Large
senders dispatching over 5,000 daily messages to Gmail accounts must
set up SPF/DKIM and DMARC email authentication for their domains. 

REVISITING THE BIG PICTURE: MACRO-LEVEL ATT&CK UPDATES FOR 2023 (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.splunk.com/en_us/blog/security/revisiting-the-big-picture-macro-level-att-ck-updates-for-2023.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


This article presents updated data on the frequency of MITRE ATT&CK
technique observations across cyber incidents from 2020 to 2023. The
analysis covers the concentration of techniques across different
ATT&CK matrices and identifies the top consensus technique reporting
in 2023. 0EUSZ 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=b0a3b998-629d-11ee-aabf-03f1d2fe386a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696424431&t=1696424711&s=2998870542a30ed042a1966a4bb4835b81ab87c60a0cacc89e3c3a64192b16a7].