# Articles TLDR InfoSec 20-09-2023

The International Criminal Court (ICC) announced a cyberattack on its
systems last week and is currently investigating with the Dutch
authorities¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=cdcd122c-57a2-11ee-b8cc-99e92fd20ca3&pt=campaign&t=1695215094&s=6e90f8df86a98bf5e7de2fa47e2e1eec5f78892195bc668a2c5139a8154efd92]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-09-20

TOMORROW: VANTA ANSWERS YOUR MOST PRESSING QUESTIONS ABOUT COMPLIANCE
AUTOMATION (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

If you want to scale compliance without overwhelming security and GRC
teams, you‚Äôre probably looking into compliance automation
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]‚Ä¶
and you probably have questions:

	* How does it work for SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks?
	* What are the potential savings in cost and time?
	* What‚Äôs happening in this market right now?

Get all the answers you‚Äôre looking for in Vanta‚Äôs live product
demo + Q&A
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
happening on September 21st at 9am PST | 12 PM EST
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

Vanta is the leading trust management platform, used by 5,000+ SaaS
companies to manage risk and prove security in real time. Come say hi
üëã
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

OVER 12,000 JUNIPER FIREWALLS FOUND VULNERABLE TO RECENTLY DISCLOSED
RCE VULNERABILITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thehackernews.com/2023/09/over-12000-juniper-firewalls-found.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

VulnCheck has found that around 12,000 Juniper firewall devices
exposed on the internet are vulnerable to a recently disclosed remote
code execution (RCE) flaw. The vulnerability could be exploited by an
unauthenticated and remote hacker to execute arbitrary code on Juniper
firewalls without creating a file on the system. It was patched by
Juniper Networks last month, but the company warned that it detected
exploitation attempts in the wild.

FAKE CISCO WEBEX GOOGLE ADS ABUSE TRACKING TEMPLATES TO PUSH MALWARE
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fake-cisco-webex-google-ads-abuse-tracking-templates-to-push-malware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Malwarebytes reports that a malicious Google Ad impersonating the
official Webex download portal has managed to garner the top search
result spot for the term Webex. The download page includes a fake
Webex installer that downloads the BatLoader malware which then
downloads the DanaBot credential stealer. A Google spokesperson
commented that actions were taken against the account that listed the
ads.

HACKERS BREACHED INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT‚ÄôS SYSTEMS LAST WEEK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hackers-breached-international-criminal-courts-systems-last-week/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The International Criminal Court (ICC) announced a cyberattack on its
systems last week and is currently investigating with the Dutch
authorities. The extent of the impact is unknown, and the Court is
working to ensure its core work continues. The ICC plans to intensify
its cybersecurity defense and expedite the adoption of cloud
technology.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

A BIG LOOK AT SECURITY IN OPENAPI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://liblab.com/blog/a-big-look-at-security-in-openapi?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This blog post discusses security options in OpenAPI and what
companies are doing regarding API security. Large companies like
Facebook and Github use OAuth2 for API security. The document
recommends using OAuth2 for authentication but acknowledges that it
can be complex. API keys are still commonly used for security in
smaller APIs. Basic authentication is not recommended due to its
insecurity.

CENTRALIZED DASHBOARD FOR AWS CONFIG AND SECURITY HUB (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/centralized-dashboard-for-aws-config-and-aws-security-hub/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A tutorial from AWS on creating a centralized, multi-account, and
multi-region Security dashboard that aggregates AWS Config and
Security Hub compliance scores.

‚ÄòHERO WORK‚Äô: HOW A SAVVY DIGITAL TRIPWIRE HELPED STATE UNCOVER A
CHINESE HACK (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.politico.com/news/2023/09/15/digital-tripwire-helped-state-uncover-chinese-hack-00115973?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A State Department cybersecurity expert implanted a warning mechanism
in 2020 to detect future hacks. It went off in June 2022, alerting the
US government to a Chinese hack. The State Department's actions likely
prevented Beijing from gaining more extensive access to the private
communications of key US officials.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GRAPHQL-ARMOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Escape-Technologies/graphql-armor?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

GraphQL-Armor is a dead-simple yet highly customizable security
middleware for various GraphQL server engines.

COBALT STRIKE 4.9: TAKE ME TO YOUR LOADER (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cobaltstrike.com/blog/cobalt-strike-49-take-me-to-your-loader?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cobalt Strike 4.9 has been released with new features, including an
overhaul to its post-exploitation capabilities, the ability to export
Beacon without a reflective loader, support for callbacks in built-in
functions, and a new in-Beacon data store. Its post-exploitation
capabilities now support prepend-style User Defined Reflective Loaders
and updates to Beacon User Data as well as Aggressor Script support
for sending and receiving data between Cobalt Strike clients.

CROWDSTRIKE TO ACQUIRE APPLICATION INTELLIGENCE STARTUP BIONIC (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/crowdstrike-to-acquire-bionic/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

CrowdStrike, a cybersecurity vendor, has announced plans to acquire
Bionic, a Silicon Valley startup that sells tools in the Application
Security Posture Management (ASPM) category. The cash-and-stock
transaction is valued at around $350 million, allowing CrowdStrike to
enhance its enterprise cloud security portfolio.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CONSEQUENCES OF NON-COMPLIANCE IN CYBERSECURITY: RISKS AND
PENALTIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/consequences-non-compliance-cybersecurity-risks-and-penalties?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This article talks about the various risks and penalties of not
complying with various cybersecurity best practices or compliance
frameworks. Non-compliance in cybersecurity can lead to several risks,
including vulnerability to cyberattacks, data breaches, and damage to
a company's reputation. While non-compliance with legal frameworks
like HIPAA and GDPR can result in severe penalties, including
substantial fines and legal action, not implementing adequate controls
required by these frameworks also often leave systems vulnerable to
cyberattacks.

25 LESSONS FROM 17 YEARS IN CYBERSECURITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.returnonsecurity.com/p/25-cybersecurity-industry-truths?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Mike Privette presents 25 lessons that he‚Äôs learned from his 17
years in the cybersecurity industry. The lessons range from
observations about the industry, career development, to cybersecurity
culture and conferences. He concludes with some takeaways.

A REVIEW OF NIST‚ÄôS DRAFT CYBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK 2.0 (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.lawfaremedia.org/article/a-review-of-nist-s-draft-cybersecurity-framework-2.0?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The NIST has released its draft of the updated Cybersecurity
Framework. After a decade, the NIST has updated the Cybersecurity
Framework to reflect the changing cybersecurity landscape. The scope
of the five existing pillars has been expanded and a sixth pillar,
govern, has been added. The post claims that it is unlikely to
fundamentally improve the nation's cyber posture.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

DEFCON 31 TALKS (YOUTUBE PLAYLIST)
[https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9fPq3eQfaaDLMTtVZDqq4aoU97NhZFP9&si=LFZhAhSP88tSAjA2&utm_source=tldrinfosec]

DEFCON has uploaded all of the main stage talks from DEFCON 31 to its
YouTube channel.

XBOX VS FTC COURT DOCUMENTS LEAKED (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.windowscentral.com/gaming/xbox/new-documents-from-the-xbox-vs-ftc-case-show-microsofts-thoughts-on-the-ps5-price-hikes-elder-scrolls-6?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A trove of documents from the Xbox vs FTC court case have been leaked.
The documents detail confidential business secrets on acquisitions and
product roadmaps. The FTC reports that Microsoft is responsible for
the leak.

RECENT CYBER ATTACK IS CAUSING CLOROX PRODUCTS SHORTAGE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://securityaffairs.com/151046/security/clorox-products-shortage.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The recent cyber attack on Clorox is still affecting the supply of its
cleaning products. The company has taken some of its systems offline
and implemented additional security measures. It has engaged
third-party cybersecurity experts to investigate the incident.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=cdcd122c-57a2-11ee-b8cc-99e92fd20ca3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695214854&t=1695215094&s=d53f7398821445de0a2a31cff71ab2d4809eda1436f09a55ac4d85161cd17958].