# Articles TLDR InfoSec 20-10-2023

Google security researchers have identified campaigns by Russia and
China-backed hackers¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=59b46658-6f24-11ee-8cbd-3b8c70b4cb24&pt=campaign&t=1697807023&s=2caf259c27026d8cae12ebe1780e60cd260d769541ecd6516052504c5458a245]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=info,10-20-2023]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-20

 LAST CHANCE TO INVEST BEFORE THIS COMPANY BECOMES A HOUSEHOLD NAME
(SPONSOR) [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=info,10-20-2023] 

 What if you had the opportunity to invest in the biggest electronics
products before they launched into big box retail, would you?
Through deals with BEST BUY, Ring changed doorbells and Nest changed
thermostats. Early investors earned MASSIVE RETURNS, but these
opportunities were limited to a select few.

THE GAME HAS CHANGED.

RYSE [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=info,10-20-2023] is set to
debut in 100+ Best Buys this week
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=info,10-20-2023], and you're in
luck‚Äîyou can invest before their name becomes known nationwide.

They‚Äôve patented THE ONLY MASS-MARKET SHADE AUTOMATION DEVICE, and
their exclusive deal with Best Buy resembles that which led Ring and
Nest to their BILLION-DOLLAR BUYOUTS.

Learn how you can invest and earn bonus shares for a limited time.
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=info,10-20-2023]

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 RUSSIA AND CHINA ARE EXPLOITING A WINRAR 0-DAY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/18/russia-sandworm-fancy-bear-china-winrar-zero-day/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Google security researchers have identified campaigns by Russia and
China-backed hackers that exploit a WinRAR vulnerability which allows
attackers to hide malicious scripts in archives as innocuous text or
image files. The vulnerabilities were first exploited in April. A
patch was released in August, but Google researchers are still seeing
it being exploited. 

 EXCESSIVE LOGGING IN AMAZON WORKSPACES CLIENT FOR WINDOWS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/security/security-bulletins/AWS-2023-010/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 AWS disclosed an excessive logging vulnerability in its Workspaces
client for Windows. The client was unintentionally logging debug
information that could include usernames and passwords to the local
system. A patched version is available. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 THE SINGLE-PACKET ATTACK: MAKING REMOTE RACE-CONDITIONS 'LOCAL' (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://portswigger.net/research/the-single-packet-attack-making-remote-race-conditions-local?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Single-packet attacks are a new technique for triggering web race
conditions. It works by completing multiple HTTP/2 requests with a
single TCP packet, which effectively eliminates network jitter and
means the requests get processed extremely close together. This makes
remote race conditions just as easy to exploit as if they were local.
This post dives into how to do the exploit and provides guidelines for
adapting it to any protocol. 

 BUILDING A SCALABLE VULNERABILITY MANAGEMENT PROGRAM ON AWS (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/now-available-how-to-build-a-scalable-vulnerability-management-program-on-aws/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 AWS has released a new whitepaper detailing recommendations to build
a Vulnerability Management Program on AWS. The whitepaper includes an
overview of the various aspects of vulnerability management, which AWS
services can address, as well as security best practices. The
whitepaper also includes worked-through examples of detecting
vulnerabilities, triaging them, assigning the findings, and finally
remediating them. 

 ATTACKING AWS COGNITO WITH PACU (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://rhinosecuritylabs.com/aws/attacking-aws-cognito-with-pacu-p1/?utm_source=tldrinfose]


 A post from Rhino Security Labs that begins with an introduction to
Cognito before discussing some common misconfigurations that the
company has observed in penetrating engagements. It highlights
weaknesses that allow for attackers to enumerate details about the
Cognito identity pool which could allow for registering users without
using a registration portal as well as weaknesses that could lead to
privilege escalation. Part 2 of the post walks through using Rhino‚Äôs
pacu modules to exploit these vulnerabilities. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 üòò KISS BUGS GOODBYE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye10202023&utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]


 QA Wolf
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye10202023&utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
gets web apps to 80% automated end-to-end test coverage in just 4
months. Plus, they provide unlimited parallel test runs on their
infrastructure and 24-hour test maintenance + triage at no additional
cost.
The benefit? 3-minute QA cycles, zero false positives, and
human-verified bug reports. Schedule a demo
[https://www.qawolf.com/?utm_campaign=KissBugsGoodbye10202023&utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn more.

PS: Here's a link [https://www.g2.com/products/qa-wolf/reviews] to
their G2 reviews, where they are currently rated 4.9/5

 SUBBY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/n0mi1k/subby?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 An uber-fast and simple subdomain enumeration tool with support for
detecting wildcard DNS records. 

 PAYLOADSALLTHETHINGS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A list of useful payloads and bypasses for Web Application Security
and Pentest/CTF. 

 CLOUDFLAIR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/christophetd/CloudFlair?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 CloudFlair is a tool that utilizes Censys‚Äô scan data to find the
origin servers of websites that are protected by CloudFlare or
CloudFront. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 US GOVERNMENT RELEASES ANTI-PHISHING GUIDANCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/us-government-releases-anti-phishing-guidance/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The US cybersecurity agency CISA along with the NSA, FBI, and MS-ISAC
have released a joint guide detailing commonly used phishing
techniques and providing recommendations on how to mitigate them. 

 RAGNARLOCKER RANSOMWARE DARK WEB SITE SEIZED IN INTERNATIONAL STING
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/19/ragnarlocker-ransomware-dark-web-portal-seized-in-international-sting/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 International law enforcement seized the dark web portal of the
notorious RagnarLocker ransomware gang in a coordinated action with
the EU, US, and Japan. Full details are still pending, but the portal
takedown was confirmed by Europol. It is unclear if infrastructure and
funds were also seized or if there were any arrests made. 

 HISTORY OF CENTRALIZED LOGGING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.runreveal.com/the-history-of-centralized-logging/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 In this post, RunReveal discusses the history of centralized logging
and SIEM solutions and where RunReveal fits in the next era. The
syslog format became the de facto standard for transferring logs over
the network. Companies like Splunk, LogRhythm, Datadog, Elastic, and
Sumo Logic built solutions to handle the sprawling data problem. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 NUMBER OF CISCO DEVICES HACKED VIA UNPATCHED VULNERABILITY INCREASES
TO 37K (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://mastodon.social/@leakix/111255994287365822?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 LeakIX, which scans the internet for vulnerable systems, reports that
CVE-2023-20198, a critical flaw affecting Cisco‚Äôs IOS XE web
interface that can be exploited by remote, unauthenticated attackers
for privilege escalation, has been exploited at least 37,000 times. 

 UPDATED MATA ATTACKS EASTERN EUROPE REPORT (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://media.kasperskycontenthub.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/43/2023/10/18092216/Updated-MATA-attacks-Eastern-Europe_full-report_ENG.pdf?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The report uncovers a MATA malware campaign attributed to Lazarus
that targeted defense contractors in Eastern Europe from late 2022
through to May 2023. MATA Gen 5 was fully rewritten with an advanced
modular architecture as service/DLL using diverse internal comms and
external proxy chains. 

 AMAZON BEGINS LIMITED PASSKEY SUPPORT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/amazon-passkey-sign-in/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Users can now set a passkey for login to the Amazon website. However,
passkeys are not yet supported on Amazon native apps, and 2FA codes
are still needed with passkeys. Amazon has not commented on whether it
will expand support to its apps or remove the 2FA requirement. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=59b46658-6f24-11ee-8cbd-3b8c70b4cb24&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697806819&t=1697807023&s=72ab06536ef3f02434c99b5b9a4f221b2bf4a54fe8b7a26c936d43de31275a57].