# Articles TLDR InfoSec 13-10-2023

The nearly ubiquitous curl project has revealed details about a
security issue that the maintainers warned of last week¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=d9306fa2-69ad-11ee-bd5f-1dd9c36a26e2&pt=campaign&t=1697202362&s=b564f71449a1f4abca4550e941a5b641d5e451b45942ae97cddc3c7737e96c39]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-13

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 HIGH SEVERITY CURL CVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://curl.se/docs/CVE-2023-38545.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 The nearly ubiquitous curl project has revealed details about a
security issue that the maintainers warned of last week. The
vulnerability is a heap-based buffer overflow in the SOCKS5 handshake
process that occurs when a long hostname is provided and the handshake
is too slow. An updated version of curl, as well as patches for older
versions, has been released. 

 CLOUD GAMING FIRM SHADOW SAYS HACKERS STOLE CUSTOMERS‚Äô PERSONAL
DATA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/12/shadow-hacked-customers-personal-data-stolen/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Cloud gaming provider Shadow disclosed a social engineering attack
that started on Discord, involved malware on Steam, and resulted in
hackers accessing SaaS management tools to steal customer data. 530K+
records with PII and credit card expiry were affected. This
information is now available for sale on a hacker forum. 

 A NEW MAGECART CAMPAIGN ABUSES 404 ERROR PAGES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.akamai.com/blog/security-research/magecart-new-technique-404-pages-skimmer?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The Akamai Security team has detected a new Magecart malware
campaign. This campaign is notable because of the three variations in
obfuscation techniques used. One is a novel technique that hides
malicious code in 404 error pages of infected websites. The obfuscated
code is injected into the website‚Äôs 404 error page as an obfuscated
comment and then requested by the malicious loader which parses the
error page, decodes the payload, and executes it. IOCs and technical
details for all three methods are provided in the article. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 THE INFOSEC GUIDE TO THE PRINCIPLES OF ZERO TRUST (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@aurore_14029/the-infosec-guide-to-the-principles-of-zero-trust-cybeready-81a5d0bdfc01?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 "Never trust, always verify" is the core of Zero Trust, a crucial
security model for today's threat landscape. With rising cyberattacks
against remote access, cloud services, and other vulnerabilities,
assuming breach and verifying everything is safest. Though
paranoid-sounding, Zero Trust significantly reduces breach costs and
is being rapidly adopted to counter persistent hacking and ransomware.
This blog dives into its guiding principles. 

 SECURING YOUR REACT NATIVE FRONTEND: A DEVELOPER‚ÄôS GUIDE (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://nidhi-patel.medium.com/securing-your-react-native-frontend-a-developers-guide-edab32ef6683?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 In the realm of app development, security isn‚Äôt merely a feature:
it‚Äôs a way of life. This post will take you on a journey into the
realm of securing React Native frontend development. 

 SECURITY HUB GIVES ME IMPOSTER SYNDROME (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.chrisfarris.com/post/securityhub-2023/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article provides an in-depth style review of AWS Security Hub.
The positives are its robust single-pane-of-glass aggregation,
delegated admin, and integration with the AWS Foundational Security
Best Practices. The negatives are the dashboards and metrics being
misleading, a focus on compliance, misleading costs, inactionable
alerts, and the controls system being difficult to utilize. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 NETEXEC (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Pennyw0rth/NetExec?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 NetExec (a.k.a nxc) is a network service exploitation tool that helps
automate assessing the security of large networks. 

 TRIVY-OPERATOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-operator?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The Trivy-Operator leverages trivy security tools by incorporating
their outputs into Kubernetes CRDs (Custom Resource Definitions) and
from there, making security reports accessible through the Kubernetes
API. 

 NORD STREAM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/synacktiv/nord-stream?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 Nord Stream is a tool for deploying malicious pipelines in a CI/CD
environment to extract secrets. By default, Nord Stream will also
attempt to remove any logs that it made with its deployment.
Currently, GitHub, GitLab, and Azure DevOps are supported. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 TAKE A NOTE OF SPYNOTE! (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.f-secure.com/take-a-note-of-spynote/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 SpyNote is an Android malware app that logs and steals a variety of
information, including keystrokes, call logs, and installed
applications. It stays hidden on the victim‚Äôs device, making it
challenging to notice and extremely tricky to uninstall. The only
option that the victim is left with is performing a factory reset to
remove the malware. 

 BALADA INJECTOR TARGETS UNPATCHED TAGDIV PLUGIN, NEWSPAPER THEME &
WORDPRESS ADMINS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.sucuri.net/2023/10/balada-injector-targets-unpatched-tagdiv-plugin-newspaper-theme-wordpress-admins.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This post examines the latest waves of an ongoing Balada Injector
campaign. It delves into the technical details of the injected scripts
found in each wave, exploring their functionality and the potential
dangers they pose to site administrators. It also discusses how the
Balada Injector gang maintains control over compromised sites and
their evolving tactics. 

 THE EVOLUTION OF NORTH KOREAN ANDROID SPYWARE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.0x0v1.com/the-evolution-of-apt37s-rokrat-rambleon-android-spyware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A security researcher chronicles his journey to reverse engineer
malware. The researcher started with studying the RambleOn malware
before being alerted to similarities with the historic ROKRAT malware
family. The researcher then details the similarities that they
discovered upon further research which shed light on how the North
Korean hackers matured. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 SPANISH AIRLINE AIR EUROPA HIT BY CREDIT CARD SYSTEM BREACH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/business/aerospace-defense/spanish-airline-air-europa-hit-by-credit-card-system-breach-2023-10-10/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Spanish airline Air Europa suffered a cyberattack exposing some of
the customer credit cards used on its website. The airline emailed
affected users and notified institutions but hasn't disclosed the
number of users impacted. It also recommended canceling cards to
prevent fraud, though there has been no evidence of misuse yet. 

 EU REQUESTS FEEDBACK ON NEW SECURITY CERTIFICATION SCHEMA (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/eu-european-commission-issues-2262900/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The EU has released a draft of a common scheme for cybersecurity
certification of products. The scheme envisions seven Evaluation
Assurance Levels that a product could be given after evaluation by a
third party. The feedback form is open until October 30th. 

 RESEARCHER CONVERSATIONS: NATALIE SILVANOVICH FROM GOOGLE‚ÄôS PROJECT
ZERO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/researcher-conversations-natalie-silvanovich-from-googles-project-zero/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article features an interview with Natalie Silvanovich, a member
of Google's Project Zero, a team of cybersecurity researchers focused
on uncovering zero-day vulnerabilities and working with vendors to
solve them. The team is distributed across Zurich, Mountain View, and
remote workers, with just over a dozen people. In the interview,
Silvanovich discusses the 90-day policy for disclosing vulnerabilities
and the need for curiosity, dedication, resilience, and stubbornness
in a researcher's personality. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=d9306fa2-69ad-11ee-bd5f-1dd9c36a26e2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697202030&t=1697202362&s=38f6c534d23f5b219938deef9303408f548d012c9357d873f66ec1fcea987136].