# Articles TLDR InfoSec 09-10-2023

Sony Interactive Entertainment has contacted 6,800 current and former
employees to warn that their data may have been collected by
hackers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1004bed2-6690-11ee-9c1a-eb6b2755f6c9&pt=campaign&t=1696856801&s=daeb07a27fa3792690b805dfb74cec2c63b3c79cd49c55bfde98d138a26986fc]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-09

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

SONY CONFIRMS SERVER SECURITY BREACHES THAT EXPOSED EMPLOYEE DATA (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/5/23905370/sony-interactive-entertainment-security-breach-confirmation?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Sony Interactive Entertainment has contacted 6,800 current and former
employees to warn that their data may have been collected by hackers.
Sony launched an investigation last month into a second breach in
which hackers acquired 3.14GB of data. 

MGM RESORTS CONFIRMS HACKERS STOLE CUSTOMERS‚Äô PERSONAL DATA DURING
CYBERATTACK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/06/mgm-resorts-admits-hackers-stole-customers-personal-data-cyberattack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

MGM Resorts has confirmed hackers stole an unspecified amount of
customers‚Äô personal information during a September cyberattack that
will cost the hotel and casino giant an estimated $100 million. MGM
has seen no evidence that the data obtained by the criminal actors has
been used for identity theft or account fraud yet. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

DEFENDING NEW VECTORS: THREAT ACTORS ATTEMPT SQL SERVER TO CLOUD
LATERAL MOVEMENT (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/blog/2023/10/03/defending-new-vectors-threat-actors-attempt-sql-server-to-cloud-lateral-movement/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Microsoft security researchers recently identified a campaign where
attackers attempted to move laterally to a cloud environment through a
SQL Server instance. In this blog post, Microsoft elaborates on the
attack flow and focuses on the main technique that was observed: SQL
Server to cloud lateral movement. It also shows how to detect this
type of threat and help mitigate such attacks. 

FROM BAD TO WORSE: HOW DUAL RANSOMWARE AMPLIFIES CYBER THREATS (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://ensarseker1.medium.com/from-bad-to-worse-how-dual-ransomware-amplifies-cyber-threats-fe278094cf48?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Dual Ransomware, a sinister dance of encryption and exfiltration,
doesn‚Äôt just lock you out: it takes your secrets and threatens to
spill them into the boundless abyss of the dark web. Your data, once
merely shackled, is now a pawn in a high-stakes game of cyber
blackmail and espionage. This blog post goes through the history of
dual ransomware, how it works, and real life examples. 

USE AWS SECRETS MANAGER TO STORE AND MANAGE SECRETS IN ON-PREM AND
MULTI CLOUD WORKLOADS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/use-aws-secrets-manager-to-store-and-manage-secrets-in-on-premises-or-multicloud-workloads/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A tutorial from AWS on how to utilize Secrets Manager in on-prem and
multi-cloud workloads utilizing IAM Roles Anywhere. It includes
example use cases and works through a sample application. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

OPENPUBKEY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openpubkey/openpubkey?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

OpenPubkey adds user generated cryptographic signatures to OpenID
Connect (OIDC) to enable users to sign messages or artifacts under
their OpenID identity. Verifiers can check that these signatures are
valid and associated with the signing OpenID identity. 

CRAWLECTOR (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/MFMokbel/Crawlector?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Crawlector (the name is a combination of Crawler & Detector) is a
threat-hunting framework designed for scanning websites for malicious
objects. 

GITHUB IMPROVES SECRETS SCANNING WITH EXPANDED TOKEN VALIDITY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/github-improves-secret-scanning-feature-with-expanded-token-validity-checks/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

GitHub introduced secrets scanning in early 2023 and since then added
validity checks to the secrets scanning feature. It just announced
that validity checks have been expanded to include AWS, Google,
Microsoft, and Slack tokens. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

RANSOMWARE GANG QAKBOT RESURFACES AFTER FEDS‚Äô BOTNET TAKEDOWN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scmagazine.com/news/ransomware-gang-qakbot-resurfaces-after-feds-botnet-takedown?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Qakbot malware gang has been staging cyberattacks with Ransom
Knight ransomware and the Remcos backdoor via phishing emails,
according to Cisco Talos. Despite authorities seizing the gang's
infrastructure and financial assets, key members of the group have
likely regrouped and continued committing cybercrimes. 

NSA AND CISA RED AND BLUE TEAMS SHARE TOP TEN CYBERSECURITY
MISCONFIGURATIONS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cisa.gov/news-events/cybersecurity-advisories/aa23-278a?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The ten most common network misconfigurations, the two agencies say,
include default software configurations, improper separation of
privileges, lack of network segmentation, insufficient network
monitoring, poor patch management, bypass of access controls, poor
credential hygiene, improper multi-factor authentication (MFA)
methods, insufficient access control lists (ACLs) on network shares,
and unrestricted code execution. 

THE GREAT ZELLE POOL SCAM (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/zelle-fraud-scam-swimming-pool-online-payment-apps-mobile-banking-2023-10?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

An investigation into how scammers utilize Zelle to trick unsuspecting
customers into scams. The investigation is told as a story wherein the
protagonist was scammed by a Business Email Compromise into sending
$31,500 via Zelle. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

90S VULNS IN 90S SOFTWARE (EXIM) - IS THE SKY FALLING? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://labs.watchtowr.com/exim-0days-90s-vulns-in-90s-software/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

ZDI has gone public with no less than six 0days in the popular mail
server Exim. Ranging from ‚Äòpotentially world-ending' through to ‚Äòa
bit of a damp squib‚Äô, these bugs were apparently discovered way back
in June 2022 (!) - but they were published last week. 

AWS WILL REQUIRE MFA FOR ROOT USER CONSOLE ACCESS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://siliconangle.com/2023/10/03/aws-will-require-multi-factor-authentication-management-console-access-mid-2024/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

AWS announced that as of mid 2024, users signing into the AWS
management console with root user accounts will be required to use
MFA. AWS will communicate this to affected customers through multiple
channels. There are plans to expand the MFA requirements but no
concrete timelines. 

HOUSE PASSES BILL TO RELAX EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR FEDERAL CYBER
WORKERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://fedscoop.com/house-passes-bill-relax-federal-cyber-educational-requirements/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The Modernizing the Acquisition of Cybersecurity Experts Act (MACE
Act) aims to address shortages in cybersecurity positions by expanding
the pool of eligible applicants. Under the legislation, agencies would
only be allowed to consider an applicant‚Äôs education if it directly
reflects the competencies required for the position. The bill will now
move to the Senate for consideration. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=1004bed2-6690-11ee-9c1a-eb6b2755f6c9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696856420&t=1696856801&s=ba4b9537b8149468af8a0a8c6089392f04b4e9ed3bffbbfaea46e61b116c0bd7].