# Articles TLDR InfoSec 16-10-2023

Dozens of Squid proxy vulnerabilities found in 2021 remain unpatched 2
years after responsible disclosure¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7e77f80a-6c0a-11ee-8a5f-17e4fa72812a&pt=campaign&t=1697461473&s=273aa72470aa8476ad2ddac904fcbda9d141995f0b078346813677d17821dbc1]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/october-vanta-in-action-ai?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-16

 VANTA AI: NEW TOOLS TO AUTOMATE SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE WORKFLOWS
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/october-vanta-in-action-ai?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]


 Is AI the next frontier in compliance automation? With Vanta AI
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/october-vanta-in-action-ai?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter],
tasks that could only be performed manually are now completely
automatable, allowing security and compliance teams to get more done
each day.
Want to see how it works? Join the next live session on October 25th
at 12 PM PST | 3 PM EST
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/october-vanta-in-action-ai?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]
to connect directly with the product team behind Vanta AI:

	* See how you can review vendor security docs instantly
	* Learn how to respond to security questionnaires in record time
	* Connect with peers and ask AI and compliance-related questions

Register to save your spot and have your questions answered, live
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/october-vanta-in-action-ai?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-infosec&utm_medium=newsletter]

üîì

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 55 VULNERABILITIES IN SQUID CACHING PROXY AND 35 ZERO-DAYS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://joshua.hu/squid-security-audit-35-0days-45-exploits?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Dozens of Squid proxy vulnerabilities found in 2021 remain unpatched
2 years after responsible disclosure. Joshua Rogers identified 55
flaws in the widely used open source proxy but he highlights that only
some CVEs were issued, with 35 unaddressed. 

 WORDPAD AND SKYPE FOR BUSINESS INFORMATION DISCLOSURE VULNERABILITIES
ACTIVELY EXPLOITED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/microsoft-fixes-exploited-zero-days-in-wordpad-skype-for-business/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Microsoft warned that a vulnerability in WordPad that can lead to a
disclosure of NTLM hashes is being actively exploited. Additionally, a
vulnerability in Skype for Business that can lead to the disclosure of
private IP addresses is also seeing active exploitation. Both
vulnerabilities were fixed as part of the October Patch Tuesday
update. 

 BACKDOOR MALWARE FOUND ON WORDPRESS WEBSITE DISGUISED AS LEGITIMATE
PLUGIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordfence.com/blog/2023/10/backdoor-masquerading-as-legitimate-plugin/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 WordPress security firm Defiant has discovered a backdoor malware
posing as a legitimate plugin on compromised websites. The malware can
run as a standalone script or plugin and can hide its presence by
presenting itself as a caching plugin. It has the ability to create an
admin account, add filters to avoid detection, and remove itself when
no longer needed. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 PYTHON FOR DEVSECOPS AND ANY SECURITY ENGINEER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://itnext.io/python-for-devsecops-and-any-security-engineer-9ad1fdbb3e02?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This article makes the case for Python's usefulness in DevSecOps
roles. It notes Python's applicability for security automation across
infrastructure, software development, and testing. The piece aims to
guide engineers on the most valuable Python skills for applying
security controls at scale, even in companies without dedicated
DevSecOps positions. 

 FOLLOWING ATTACKERS‚Äô (CLOUD)TRAIL IN AWS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://securitylabs.datadoghq.com/articles/following-attackers-trail-in-aws-methodology-findings-in-the-wild/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 DataDog‚Äôs security team breaks down their AWS threat hunting
methodology and discusses some of the common threats that they‚Äôve
identified. The post also walks through some examples of persistence,
enumeration, and other activities that attackers use and how to
identify them in CloudTrail. 

 ONLY ONE LABEL TO IMPROVE YOUR KUBERNETES SECURITY POSTURE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cncf.io/blog/2023/10/12/only-one-label-to-improve-your-kubernetes-security-posture-with-the-pod-security-admission-psa-just-do-it/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The Pod Security admissions controller was stabilized in Kubernetes
1.25, allowing for easier enforcement of Pod Security Standards. With
this new controller, Pod Security Standards can be enforced on a
namespace simply by adding a label to it. This post covers how to use
admissions controllers to require namespaces to be created with the
label attached. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 NEBULA (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/berylliumsec/nebula?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 Nebula is an AI-powered assistant specifically designed for the field
of ethical hacking. It provides a unique capability for users to input
commands using natural language processing, facilitating a seamless
transition from intent to execution. 

 CONVEYOR RAISES $12.5M TO AUTOMATE SECURITY REVIEWS USING LLMS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.conveyor.com/blog/were-proud-to-announce-our-12-5m-million-series-a-funding-for-instant-security-reviews-using-ai?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Startup Conveyor raised $12.5M to streamline vendor security reviews,
which are time-intensive. It uses LLMs like ChatGPT to generate
questionnaire responses about policies and controls. The company aims
to make vetting feasible without massive manual effort. It will use
the funds to expand sales, marketing, R&D, and its 15-person team. 

 ELITEWOLF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nsacyber/elitewolf?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 NSA has released a repository for Operational Technology(OT)
Intrusion Detection Signatures and Analytics to the NSA Cyber GitHub.
The capability, known as ELITEWOLF, can enable defenders of critical
infrastructure, defense industrial bases, and national security
systems to identify and detect potentially malicious cyber activity in
their OT environments. 

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

 MICROSOFT AI BOUNTY PROGRAM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/bounty-ai?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Microsoft launched an AI-focused bug bounty for Bing, Edge, Start,
and Skype, paying up to $15K. It seeks reports of inference
manipulation, model manipulation, and inferential information
disclosure in AI-powered experiences. 

 CISA NOW FLAGGING VULNERABILITIES, MISCONFIGURATIONS EXPLOITED BY
RANSOMWARE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.securityweek.com/cisa-now-flagging-vulnerabilities-misconfigurations-exploited-by-ransomware/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 CISA has released two new resources to help organizations identify
and eliminate security flaws and weaknesses known to be exploited by
ransomware groups attacks as part of its Ransomware Vulnerability
Warning Pilot. The agency has released two new resources: a new column
in the Known Exploited Vulnerabilities catalog and a new table on the
StopRansomware project‚Äôs website. 

 VULNERABILITY MANAGEMENT: YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT EPSS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/starting-up-security/vulnerability-management-you-should-know-about-epss-99cd27a7d591?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 EPSS (Exploit Prediction Scoring System) is a statistical model that
predicts the probability of a Common Vulnerability and Exposure (CVE)
being exploited in the wild within the next 30 days. Unlike CVSS, EPSS
can be held accountable for forecasts it publishes and can improve
over time based on the ongoing tracking of exploited CVEs. This blog
post encourages security practitioners to utilize EPSS for
prioritizing security vulnerabilities to address. 

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

 THE CONSISTENTLY INCONSISTENT RESPONSE TO ACCESS KEY LEAKS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.chrisfarris.com/post/akia-response/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Chris Farris intentionally leaked 8 AWS access keys as part of a
course he was teaching. AWS detected these leaks and automatically
quarantined the accounts and opened up support cases to which Farris
responded about the course. Farris received 8 different responses on
the accounts, ranging from removing the quarantine to requiring the
root account to respond, to requiring the keys to be rotated before
removing the quarantine. 

 GOOGLE ANNOUNCES UPDATES TO BROWSER HISTORY AND PASSWORD MANAGER (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/12/google-updates-privacy-controls-browsing-history-password-manager/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 As part of its Cybersecurity Awareness Month campaign, Google
released a feature that allows Android users to delete their last 15
minutes of browser history. Google also rolled out an update to its
iOS password manager that allows iPhone users to set it to their
autofill provider. The company announced plans to make its Dark Web
report feature more accessible. 

 PCI DSS V4.0 ON AWS COMPLIANCE GUIDE NOW AVAILABLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/pci-dss-v4-0-on-aws-compliance-guide-now-available/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 AWS has released a guide providing an overview of the PCI DSS v4
controls, how they apply in the AWS model, and which technologies and
services can best aid teams in implementing them. The guide was
compiled based on the most frequent and foundational questions that
the AWS team has received when working with clients. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=7e77f80a-6c0a-11ee-8a5f-17e4fa72812a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697461226&t=1697461473&s=db4dc56dc36748c2fb6c5b11866cc3c6a8a878f56c9569f6d51424710e57c651].