# Articles TLDR InfoSec 25-10-2023

Researchers found OAuth flaws that let attackers take over user
accounts across dozens of sites¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=fdb34b76-731f-11ee-872f-5723768d8aca&pt=campaign&t=1698239057&s=e991c4930876bb5dd1f503e64c27c9491a0151ac1e251bc0372aa78c97ae25f0]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-25

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

 OKTA‚ÄôS LATEST HACK FALLOUT HITS CLOUDFLARE, 1PASSWORD (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/24/oktas-latest-hack-fallout-hits-cloudflare-1password/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 1Password is admitting to a breach two weeks before Okta‚Äôs hack
became public. Cloudflare was also breached. No customer data or
systems were compromised in these incidents. 

 PRE-AUTH RCE DISCOVERED ON FORTIGATE VPN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.lexfo.fr/xortigate-cve-2023-27997.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A team of pentesters discovered a pre-auth RCE vulnerability in
Fortigate‚Äôs SSL VPN‚Äôs web interface while on a client engagement.
The vulnerability involves a heap overflow in the processing of an
unused HTTP parameter. This article includes exploit details, advice
for blue teamers, and information about the patched versions. 

 SYNOLOGY NAS DSM ACCOUNT TAKEOVER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://claroty.com/team82/research/synology-nas-dsm-account-takeover-when-random-is-not-secure?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Synology‚Äôs NAS DSM is vulnerable to an admin account takeover. The
software prompts users to create a new user when it is initialized and
then randomly generates a new password for the preinstalled admin user
and disables it. Team82 discovered that this password is generated
client-side using the cryptographically insecure Math.random()
function and can be guessed in circumstances where an attacker can
leak other randomly generated values such as GUIDs. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 DECODING A COBALT STRIKE .HTA LOADER USING CYBERCHEF AND EMULATION (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://embee-research.ghost.io/malware-analysis-decoding-a-simple-hta-loader/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The article outlines a process for decoding a simple .hta loader used
to load Cobalt Strike shellcode. It covers an initial analysis using a
text editor, extraction of embedded shellcode using CyberChef, and
validation of the shellcode using an emulator (SpeakEasy). The decoded
shellcode is assumed to act as a downloader for a larger payload. 

 WEB APPSEC INTERVIEW QUESTIONS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://tib3rius.com/interview-questions?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 A series of questions on web application security to be used for
preparing for interviews. The list is being updated as Tib3rius posts
new questions and answers on social media. 

 TOP 10 CYBER SECURITY THREATS 2023 (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@wardasaleem/top-10-cyber-security-threats-2023-68b3aec4713d?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This blog post delves into the top threats of the year, from the
resurgence of ransomware to the growing menace of nation-state attacks
and the transformative power of emerging technologies. It discusses
these threats and offers insights, strategies, and advice to help
individuals and organizations safeguard their digital assets. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 ‚ùå DELETE YOUR PERSONAL DATA (SPONSOR)
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102e9a01a5dd9b8e117943b2394681&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=infosec1025&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]


 Data brokers are selling your PII all over the internet.

Put a stop to it with Incogni
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102e9a01a5dd9b8e117943b2394681&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=infosec1025&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952].

Keep your data from being sold ‚Äî> limit public access to your
private information ‚Äî> mitigate the risks of identity theft.

50% off for TLDR readers! Start now
[https://incogni.com/deal/?transaction_id=102e9a01a5dd9b8e117943b2394681&offer_id=1151&affiliate_id=16286&source=infosec1025&aff_sub=&utm_source=Affiliates&utm_medium=16286&utm_campaign=affiliate&utm_content=1151&recurring_goal_id=952]

 METADETECTIVE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/franckferman/MetaDetective?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 MetaDetective is an advanced metadata extraction and web scraping
tool that helps extract and present metadata for cybersecurity
research. 

 CATSNIFFER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ElectronicCats/CatSniffer?utm_source=tldrinfosec] 

 CatSniffer is an original multiprotocol and multiband board made for
sniffing, communicating, and attacking IoT (Internet of Things)
devices. 

 AMAZON CLOUDFRONT SECURE STATIC WEBSITE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-cloudfront-secure-static-site?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 A sample from AWS for architecting a secure static website that
utilizes CloudFront as a CDN and stores the website code in S3. This
repository contains an architectural overview and a CloudFormation
template to deploy it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 OH-AUTH - ABUSING OAUTH TO TAKE OVER MILLIONS OF ACCOUNTS (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://salt.security/blog/oh-auth-abusing-oauth-to-take-over-millions-of-accounts?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 Researchers found OAuth flaws that let attackers take over user
accounts across dozens of sites, exposing hundreds of millions to
fraud and theft. This analysis shows the risks from botched OAuth
implementations that are a popular standard for convenient features
like "Login with X". 

 AI SECURITY HAS SERIOUS TERMINOLOGY ISSUES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://josephthacker.com/ai/2023/10/16/ai-security-terminology-issues.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 AI Security is a new and emerging field that has not yet solidified
standardized terminology. This can lead to issues for those looking to
learn about the field and in job postings and discussions. This
article proposes a series of definitions for the most commonly used
terms in AI Security, AI Alignment, AI Safety, and AI Red Teaming. The
article further proposes the subcategories of AI Application Security,
AI Model Security, and AI Product Security. 

 NORTH KOREAN PROGRAMMERS USED A HOSTED LAPTOP TO FREELANCE ONLINE,
SAYS FBI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.northkoreatech.org/2023/10/24/north-korean-programmers-used-a-hosted-laptop-to-freelance-online-says-fbi/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The FBI has discovered that North Korean freelancers are working
online using hosted laptops, with laptop owners taking a commission.
The FBI seized 17 domain names and approximately $1.5m in payment
accounts said to be controlled by Yanbian Silverstar, a North
Korean-controlled software development company. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 VOICE OF THE SOC REPORT 2023 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tines.com/reports/voice-of-the-soc-2023?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This report examines job satisfaction and workloads among Security
Operation Center (SOC) teams, the obstacles analysts encounter, and
the impact of automation on the lives of security professionals. One
of the interesting data points is that 63% percent of the security
decision-makers and practitioners surveyed are experiencing burnout
amid relentless cyberattacks, internal pressures, and limited
resources. 

 Q3 RANSOMWARE REPORT: GLOBAL RANSOMWARE ATTACKS UP MORE THAN 95% OVER
2022 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.corvusinsurance.com/blog/q3-ransomware-report?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 This report analyzes data from ransomware leak sites to track
evolving trends. According to the report, ransomware attacks continue
at a record-breaking pace, with Q3 2023 global ransomware attack
frequency up 11% over Q2 and 95% year-over-year. 

 SAMSUNG GALAXY S23 HACKED TWICE ON FIRST DAY OF PWN2OWN TORONTO (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/samsung-galaxy-s23-hacked-twice-on-first-day-of-pwn2own-toronto/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]


 The Samsung Galaxy S23 was hacked twice by security researchers who
exploited zero-day vulnerabilities during the first day of the Pwn2Own
Toronto 2023 hacking event. The first exploit was performed by Pentest
Limited, earning them $50,000 and 5 Master of Pwn points, while the
second was conducted by the STAR Labs SG team, earning them $25,000
and 5 Master of Pwn points. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=fdb34b76-731f-11ee-872f-5723768d8aca&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698238862&t=1698239057&s=4b8887a642622ae39dda6e8eda642d39f017e57ed18f2ed6eb19e89a95114fac].


¬†