# Articles TLDR InfoSec 11-10-2023

The PEACHPIT ad fraud botnet infected hundreds of thousands of
Android/iOS devices via 39 apps with over 15 million installs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/infosec?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=257c0d62-6819-11ee-84c2-cfbcecba44e8&pt=campaign&t=1697029726&s=4f36519612e48a8b1efe8f342e59ccb6333dc218c6b721514de90c80d44d2e28]


		TLDR 

TLDR INFORMATION SECURITY 2023-10-11

üîì 

ATTACKS & VULNERABILITIES

BADBOX, PEACHPIT, AND THE FRAUDULENT DEVICE IN YOUR DELIVERY BOX (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.humansecurity.com/learn/blog/badbox-peachpit-and-the-fraudulent-device-in-your-delivery-box?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The PEACHPIT ad fraud botnet infected hundreds of thousands of
Android/iOS devices via 39 apps with over 15 million installs. Part of
the China-based BADBOX operation includes backdoored off-brand mobile
devices. At its peak, it had 121K Android and 159K iOS bots across 227
countries generating illicit revenue. 

PHISHERS SPOOF USPS, 12 OTHER US NATL‚Äô POSTAL SERVICES (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://krebsonsecurity.com/2023/10/phishers-spoof-usps-12-other-natl-postal-services/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

There has been an increase in SMS phishing targeting USPS customers to
steal personal and financial data. The scams spoof USPS and other
postal services with landing pages impersonating their sites. They
trick users to input address info and then request additional
sensitive details. The attacks highlight the ongoing effectiveness of
basic phishing page impersonation tactics. Users should be wary of
unsolicited security messages and verify legitimacy before clicking. 

GNOME LINUX SYSTEMS EXPOSED TO RCE VIA FILE DOWNLOADS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/gnome-linux-systems-exposed-to-rce-attacks-via-file-downloads/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A memory corruption vulnerability in the cue sheet parsing library
libcue can be used for 1-click RCEs on systems running the GNOME
desktop environment. This is caused by Tracker Miners, which is
included by default in GNOME, automatically indexing all downloaded
files to update the search index on GNOME Linux systems. A proof of
concept is provided in the article. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW AWS PROTECTS CUSTOMERS FROM DDOS EVENTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-aws-protects-customers-from-ddos-events/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A post from the AWS security team on how CloudFront automatically
detected and mitigated a new form of DDoS. This DDoS attack is known
as an HTTP/2 rapid reset attack. In this attack, an attacker issues
multiple requests for streams and then issues a reset for each of
those requests. This causes the server to waste resources generating
logs even if nothing is returned to the clients. 

HOW TO HANDLE SECRETS IN PYTHON (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.gitguardian.com/how-to-handle-secrets-in-python/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A blog post covering four different patterns for managing secrets in
Python code. The post begins with more traditional methods such as
utilizing a .env file, a secrets.json file, or environment variables
before covering some newer approaches like leveraging a cloud secrets
store or KMS. 

AN OVERVIEW OF SOFTWARE SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://tldrsec.com/p/supply-chain-security-overview?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

This is a two-part deep-dive into supply chain security and the
various aspects involved. Part 1 provides an overview of three phases
of the software supply chain: source, build and deployment, and
package, and discusses the risks and processes for securing each
stage. Part 2 is a comprehensive analysis of 12+ SSC vendors and their
core differentiators within the software development lifecycle. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

GUTSY LAUNCHES WITH HUGE $51M SEED TO BRING PROCESS MINING TO SECURITY
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/10/team-that-started-twistlock-launches-gutsy-with-enormous-51m-seed-round/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Gutsy comes out of stealth with an eye-watering $51M seed round,
bringing a process-centric view to cybersecurity. They are following
the steps of Celonis by working with organizations to understand how
their different systems are interconnected, the events that are
expected, and their outcomes through process mining applied to
cybersecurity. 

SECURITYONION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Security-Onion-Solutions/securityonion?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Security Onion is a free and open platform for threat hunting,
enterprise security monitoring, and log management. 

HAVEIBEENSQUATTED? (WEBSITE)
[https://www.haveibeensquatted.com/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A website inspired by haveibeenpwned.com to check if a domain has been
typosquatted. The tool scans registrars for permutations of given
domains. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HTTP/2 RAPID RESET: DECONSTRUCTING THE RECORD-BREAKING ATTACK (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cloudflare.com/technical-breakdown-http2-rapid-reset-ddos-attack/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cloudflare mitigated a 201 million RPS DDoS, nearly 3X of the previous
record, and generated by only 20K bots. This shows the power of new
attack methods as the entire web is about 1-3 billion RPS. This blog
aims to highlight the growing DDoS threat for all kinds of networks
and dive into the record-breaking attack. 

RANSOMWARE ATTACKS REGISTER RECORD SPEEDS THANKS TO SUCCESS OF INFOSEC
INDUSTRY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theregister.com/2023/10/10/ransomware_attacks_register_record_speeds/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

A Secureworks study shows that ransomware dwell time - from initial
access to deployment - in two-thirds of the cases analyzed had fallen
to 24 hours, down from 4.5 days in 2022, and in 10%+ of cases, under 5
hours. This is consistent across variants and groups, highlighting the
speed of modern attacks and how hard it is to react, as shorter dwell
time doubles the overall extortion with data theft. 

SNAP‚ÄôS AI CHATBOT DRAWS SCRUTINY IN UK OVER KIDS‚Äô PRIVACY CONCERNS
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/06/snap-ico-notice/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

The UK‚Äôs Information Commissioner‚Äôs Office (ICO) has issued a
preliminary enforcement notice to Snap over concerns over its My AI
chatbot feature. The ICO reports that Snap did not adequately assess
the privacy and data protection risks associated with its new
generative AI chatbot. Snap will have the opportunity to respond to
the ICO‚Äôs concerns before action is taken. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE EXPANDS BUG BOUNTY PROGRAM WITH CHROME AND CLOUD CTF EVENTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://security.googleblog.com/2023/10/expanding-our-exploit-reward-program-to.html?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Google is launching v8CTF, a CTF focused on V8, the JavaScript engine
that powers Chrome. kvmCTF is an upcoming CTF focused on Kernel-based
Virtual Machine (KVM) that will be released later in the year. 

GOOGLE IS MAKING PASSKEYS THE DEFAULT LOGIN OPTION FOR ALL PERSONAL
ACCOUNTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/technology/safety-security/passkeys-default-google-accounts/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Google is making passkeys the default option for personal accounts,
providing a simpler and more secure way to sign into online accounts.
Passkeys use fingerprints, face scans, or PINs and are 40% faster than
passwords. Google is encouraging the industry to make the switch to
passkeys and eventually make passwords obsolete. 

CLOUDFLARE IS FREE OF CAPTCHAS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.cloudflare.com/turnstile-ga/?utm_source=tldrinfosec]

Cloudflare has been working to replace traditional CAPTCHAs that
involve visual or audio puzzles with its modern CAPTCHAs. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring security professionals,
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of cybersecurity
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrinfosec&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Prasanna Gautam [https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasannagautam/], Eric
Fernandez [https://www.linkedin.com/in/ericfernandezdelcampo/] & Sammy
Tbeile [https://www.linkedin.com/in/sammy-tbeile/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Information
Security, please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=8d9cea11-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=0445b03e-96a1-11ed-8690-8bcf64127502&p=257c0d62-6819-11ee-84c2-cfbcecba44e8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697029218&t=1697029726&s=3596d6df2a9cb0d046b7ade52c831b8c48112dd6da550659445a1ab11ff97834].