# Articles TLDR Crypto 03-03-2023

The RBA has revealed its set of digital dollar pilot projects which it
hopes to complete by mid-2023.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec33f91e-b997-11ed-ba00-2fc0daf08e46&pt=campaign&t=1677848852&s=3fff8043d71db0a19e3131b5174f4f09dd10f9f4aea8d432e0c2a49f0d27631b]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-03

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE BID FOR SINGAPORE LICENSE IS BACK ON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/binance-bid-for-singapore-license-is-back-on?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance is looking to secure a permit to offer crypto-related services
in Singapore with a focus on corporate clients rather than retail
investors. The exchange's custodial arm, Ceffu, will apply to the
Monetary Authority of Singapore once the application for a custody
license opens. After withdrawing its application in 2021 after several
months of waiting, Binance has decided to resubmit its application.
While it will still take time to be approved, this delayed
registration process is likely preferred over regions with a lack of
clarity, like the United States. Singapore regulators have introduced
tighter rules around the crypto industry to limit risks to retail
investors, which Binance is taking into account in their application. 

AUSTRALIA’S CENTRAL BANK TAPS MASTERCARD AND OTHERS TO TEST CBDC USE
CASES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/01/australias-central-bank-taps-mastercard-and-others-to-test-cbdc-use-cases?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The RBA has revealed its set of digital dollar pilot projects which it
hopes to complete by mid-2023. The projects will look at use cases
ranging from offline payments to bond settlement to securities
trading, and involve industry participants ranging from smaller
fintechs to large financial institutions. Projects will be aimed at
using the eAUD and USDC stablecoin for use cases like offline
transactions and streamlining foreign exchange trades and remittances.
These initiatives come amid a regulatory crackdown in the US on BUSD
and looming threats of regulations on stablecoins as a whole. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS DEPLOY "ENTRYPOINT" TO LET WALLETS OPERATE AS
SMART CONTRACTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/216504/ethereum-developers-deploy-entrypoint-to-let-wallets-operate-as-smart-contracts?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum developers have released EntryPoint, a mechanism that enables
crypto wallet accounts to operate as smart contracts. This new release
facilitates complex tasks such as automated payments and adding
recovery methods, which are currently unavailable. Following a
security audit conducted by security firm OpenZeppelin, EntryPoint is
now accessible on several blockchain networks. It will enable
developers to provide smart wallet features that greatly enhance user
experience like account recovery, native multi-signatures, and
covering gas fees for users. 

MAGIC EDEN TO HOST MORE THAN A DOZEN FREE GAMING NFT MINTS IN MARCH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/216201/magic-eden-to-host-more-than-a-dozen-free-gaming-nft-mints-in-march?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Magic Eden is holding a special event called ‘Mint Madness’ in
March, with 13 projects set to launch gaming NFTs on Polygon,
Ethereum, and Solana. Users who trade from collections listed on Magic
Eden's secondary marketplace will be entered into a prize pool of
20,000 MATIC for the top 10 traders by volume, with the first-place
finisher receiving a prize of 4,500 MATIC. The event will feature a
cross-chain mint for the AAA FPS title Shrapnel, launching on Polygon
on March 15 and Ethereum on March 22. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN OVERVIEW OF CRYPTO BRIDGES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://route2fi.substack.com/p/an-overview-of-crypto-bridges?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Over the past several years, blockchains have proliferated, and the
crypto landscape has become increasingly multichain. This has created
the need for bridges or ways to move assets between these different
chains. This article provides a great explanation of Crypto Bridges
and the differences between each one. Popular bridge projects include
Synapse, Connext, RelayChain, and Stargate. Synapse is a cross-chain
liquidity protocol that allows users to bridge assets between the
various chains. Connext is an Ethereum L2 solution that facilitates
the transfer of assets across blockchains and roll-ups. Relay is a
bridge aggregator and features a lottery system for users and staking
for liquidity. Stargate is a native asset bridge that solves the
bridging trilemma of instant guaranteed finality, native assets, and
unified liquidity. 

ETHEREUM LIQUID STAKING 101 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630962579676823553.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


DeFi and concepts like staking and liquid staking can be extremely
confusing; however, they are important concepts to understand,
especially over the past several months as the liquid staking
narrative has been one of the central themes of crypto. This thread
provides a comprehensive guide to the Ethereum Liquid Staking (LSD)
market, discussing five protocols for staking ETH, the economics of
each of the protocols, future projections for ETH liquid staking, and
overall takeaways and insights on the sector. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

MT. GOX CREDITORS MAY FINALLY START SEEING THEIR BITCOINS THIS MONTH
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/216083/mt-gox-creditors-may-finally-start-seeing-their-bitcoins-this-month?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Creditors of the now-defunct Mt. Gox cryptocurrency exchange may start
to receive their first bitcoin payments as soon as March 10th.
Payments will be made in Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, and fiat money, with
claimants expecting to receive around 21% of the civil rehabilitation
claim value. Exchanges have set various processing timeframes, but
BitGo and Kraken have said it may take up to 20 and 90 days to process
payments, respectively. Two of Mt. Gox's biggest creditors, Bitcoinica
and MGIF, have elected to take the early lump sum payment option and
will therefore receive their payments in crypto and cash. 

BEYOND EXTRACTION: THE ROLE OF BLOCK BUILDING IN THE FUTURE OF
ETHEREUM (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://frontier.tech/beyond-extraction?utm_source=tldr_tech] 

This article explores the potential role of block building in the
future of applications and Ethereum. Block building is a process by
which validators are elected to select transactions for the next
block. As the block-building market develops, MEV is becoming an
increasingly competitive space with more sophisticated block builders
carving out profit; however, as this market becomes more competitive
and margins decrease, block building will likely evolve from MEV
extraction to include other products and services such as gas
optimization, conditional transaction execution, and security. All of
this could lead to block building becoming increasingly important for
both the user and developer experience and the future of scaling
Ethereum. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE U.S. IS STILL LOSING ITS LEAD AMONG CRYPTO DEVS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630961162442485761.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


According to Electric Capital, the US and Europe are losing share in
the global web3 developer market, losing 2% and 1% share respectively
each year. Conversely, India, Africa, and LATAM are taking share
accounting for ~18% of global web3 developers. 

'CRYPTO CAN SAVE THE CAPITALIST NARRATIVE': ANIMOCA CHAIRMAN YAT SIU
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/122504/crypto-capitalist-narrative-animoca-yat-siu?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Yat Siu, chairman of Animoca Brands, argues that crypto has a PR
problem in the West because of widespread anti-capitalist sentiment,
but that its potential to create a stakeholder economy could help
revive faith in capitalism. 

WHAT DO CRYPTO VCS KNOW THAT YOU DON’T? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1631205806824919042.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread gives a high-level update on crypto VC activity over the
past month and dives into 5 different DeFi projects that recently
raised capital. Notably, total deal count was up in February again
after reversing its multi-month downtrend in January. 

UNISWAP V3 LAUNCH ON ZKEVM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://gov.uniswap.org/t/uniswap-v3-launch-on-zkevm/20631/1?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With the upcoming Polygon zkEVM launch, a proposal has been put
forward for a Uniswap V3 launch on the zkEVM. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec33f91e-b997-11ed-ba00-2fc0daf08e46&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677848433&t=1677848852&s=4a2efb5c0650ded638ad5b5fab185ba1eb690d2439f9a7f432221dd340d6b197].


 