# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-03-2023

Texts from Binance have revealed a plan developed in 2019 to avoid
potential prosecution from US authorities.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5328bbde-bbf3-11ed-9193-676e2eefd42d&pt=campaign&t=1678108032&s=d75f619e840be1f0a0d834e1928cbb022d1a5388e60a8a26d937f4bb26a1b097]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Dimo]
[https://dimo.zone/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-06

CONNECT YOUR CAR AND EARN $DIMO (SPONSOR)
[https://dimo.zone/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301] 

DIMO turns data from your car into cost savings and mobility insights
— while you earn rewards.
Claim ownership of your data, tap into thousands of $s in savings, and
earn $DIMO every week
[https://dimo.zone/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301].

	*
Gain insights into vehicle health and performance.

	*
Get the best price when you sell.

	*
Save money on maintenance.

	*
Earn rewards for making mobility better for everyone.

Download on iOS or Android and start earning today.
[https://dimo.zone/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TEXTS FROM CRYPTO GIANT BINANCE REVEAL PLAN TO ELUDE U.S. AUTHORITIES
(10 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/w7QNe?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Texts from Binance have revealed a plan developed in 2019 to avoid
potential prosecution from US authorities. The information indicates
that Binance.US set up a corporation in the US that would license
technology from Binance but maintain, or appear to maintain,
independence to draw US regulatory scrutiny away from Binance.
However, documents and interviews revealed that Binance and its US
partner Binance.US could be more interwoven than the companies led
authorities to believe, sharing staff, finances, and an affiliated
entity. If regulators determine that Binance.US is actually a
subsidiary of Binance and not an independent company, it could provide
them with the firepower they need to bring Binance as a whole under
the microscope. 

THE RISE AND FALL OF SILVERGATE’S CRYPTO BUSINESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/03/the-rise-and-fall-of-silvergates-crypto-business/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Silvergate Bank lost the majority of its $8 billion crypto customer
deposits in the last months of 2022 as US banking watchdogs warned
banks against concentrating on crypto. Its Silvergate Exchange Network
transfers and overall asset size peaked in 2021, but its leverage
ratio fell to 5.4%, just above the minimum requirement to maintain the
"well-capitalized" designation, leading to major crypto clients
withdrawing their deposits. Silvergate was one of the most
crypto-friendly financial institutions and provided easy rails for
crypto companies to operate on. Its struggles create an even narrower
set of options for crypto businesses in the US to be banked. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

UNISWAP WANTS TO LAUNCH MOBILE WALLET, BUT APPLE WON’T GREENLIGHT
ITS LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/uniswap-wants-to-launch-mobile-wallet-but-apple-won-t-green-light-it-s-launch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap Labs has launched a new self-custodial mobile wallet that
allows users to swap on multiple L1 and L2 networks, including
Ethereum, Polygon, Arbitrum, and Optimism. The wallet was built with
maximum security and offers various options for storing seed phrases
and private keys. Despite having its first build approved, Uniswap
Labs is still waiting for Apple to approve the launch. In the
meantime, Uniswap is conducting a limited early release on TestFlight
to 10,000 users. 

SOVEREIGN ROLLUPS ON BITCOIN WITH ROLLKIT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://rollkit.dev/blog/sovereign-rollups-on-bitcoin/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Rollkit is the first rollup framework to support sovereign rollups on
Bitcoin. This integration allows users to run the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM) on Bitcoin as a Rollkit sovereign rollup. The
implementation is possible due to Bitcoin's Taproot upgrade and
Ordinals' usage of Bitcoin for publishing arbitrary data. Rollkit
supports custom execution environments and data availability layers,
making it possible to create arbitrary rollups that inherit
Bitcoin’s security and data availability guarantees. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ALL ABOUT ERC-4337 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeneca33.substack.com/p/letter-36-all-about-erc-4337?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Since its announcement last week, much has been written about
ERC-4337, a potential game-changer for helping to increase crypto
adoption. While the topic can be technical, this article provides a
great, simple breakdown of ERC-4337 and what it means for users.
ERC-4337 introduces "Smart Accounts" which offer users alternative
wallet recovery options, the ability to bundle multiple transactions
together, sponsored transactions, pre-approval for certain
transactions, and a more seamless subscription model. It is already
being spoken about much less than The Merge, despite its power to help
with mass adoption. 

WHAT DO YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT BITCOIN STACKS & ORDINALS? (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://revelointel.substack.com/p/what-do-you-need-to-know-about-bitcoin?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Muneeb Ali, the founder of Stacks, appeared on Blockcrunch last week
and discussed the phenomenon known as Ordinals, which are essentially
NFTs on Bitcoin and have been responsible for reigniting interest in
building on Bitcoin. They discussed Stacks and how it puts major
emphasis on decentralization, durability, and simple systems. They
also spoke about Bitcoin hash power and its security measures, the
Path to becoming 1st SEC-approved Token Offering, and the history of
Bitcoin and Blockchains. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

ECO SAID IT WAS LENDING TO FIDELITY & GOLDMAN. REALLY, USER FUNDS WENT
TO RISKY CRYPTO LENDERS & DEFI PROTOCOLS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://fintechbusinessweekly.substack.com/p/eco-said-it-was-lending-to-fidelity?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Eco.com, a startup backed by a16z and Peter Thiel's Founders Fund,
promised users APY as high as 5% coming from lending relationships
with “banks”, but user funds were allegedly lent to high-risk
entities like FTX, Alameda, and Genesis, as well as DeFi protocols
like MakerDAO and Compound. Fraught with its own issues, Signature
Bank, one of Eco’s bank partners, is offboarding the company,
effective at the end of March, and Eco will likely be left paying
interest on user balances with its own funds. This could put pressure
on the Company’s balance sheet or force it to lower its rewards or
interest rates offered to users. 

CURVE BALL - AN ARTHUR HAYES ESSAY (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.medium.com/curve-ball-c9866f34555?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this article, Hayes analyzes what might happen if global energy
prices rise sharply. In the face of an energy shock caused by conflict
between the US, China and Russia, he makes the argument central banks
would likely implement global loosening of monetary policy. Bitcoin,
being a fixed-supply monetary instrument, would respond positively to
the loosened monetary conditions which would give it a boost in fiat
money terms. However, rising energy prices could put miners at a
disadvantage since most countries would pressure miners to pay more
for electricity. On the other hand, net-producing countries may choose
to store excess energy in Bitcoin mining instead. In either case, the
rising energy prices are likely to trigger moments where all risky
assets suffer. Ultimately, however, Hayes expects Bitcoin to reemerge
as non-correlated to general equity prices as global liquidity is
targeted toward increasing energy production. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

A CURATED LIST OF ETHEREUM SECURITY REFERENCES, GUIDANCE, TOOLS, AND
MORE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/stars/pcaversaccio/lists/ethereum-security?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This Repo contains a wealth of resources for developers to leverage
such as security references, tools, and contracts covering a range of
use cases. 

UNDERSTANDING MARKET CAP FLOORS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632073758927122436.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Market cap is a crucial metric when investing; however, it is often
overlooked. Market cap floors are a dynamic metric and should not be
thought of in absolutes; they will move over time. This thread gives
an overview of how to analyze these market cap floors across bull and
bear cycles. 

FLASHBOTS MAKES PRIVACY-ENHANCED BLOCK BUILDER OPEN SOURCE ON ETHEREUM
TESTNET SEPOLIA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/03/03/flashbots-open-sources-privacy-enhanced-block-builder-on-ethereum-testnet-sepolia/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Flashbots has released a new open-source block builder operating in a
trusted environment on the Ethereum Sepolia testnet, allowing blocks
to be built without revealing data on users' transactions to enhance
privacy 

QUICK TAKEAWAYS FROM ETH DENVER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632306188036767744.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


For those that didn’t make it to ETH Denver, this thread highlights
some of the main themes of the conference including a muted DeFi
presence, ZK and roll-ups galore, gaming, AI, and Asia as a user hub. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5328bbde-bbf3-11ed-9193-676e2eefd42d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678107619&t=1678108032&s=6013ed902198b63748a3718978388f3d2fd7ef349a468171fabb7209184c4030].


 