# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-04-2023

Leaders in the Japanese government have released a white paper
promoting crypto-friendly initiatives  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b1b601b6-d76e-11ed-9b04-654f3ee18c05&pt=campaign&t=1681128458&s=7e34fd76297a4dffb7e07ae5c6259ebbe3c74e662270079b9890b3bece93c83c]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-04-10

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

JAPANESE POLITICAL FACTION SIGNALS POTENTIAL THAW IN CRYPTO WINTER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/japan-signals-crypto-winter-thaw?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Leaders in the Japanese government have released a white paper
promoting crypto-friendly initiatives, aiming to create an inviting
environment for cryptocurrency innovation. The paper recommends policy
changes including tax reforms, improved accounting practices, and the
introduction of a new DAO law to foster a web3-friendly environment.
It emphasizes that Japan's experience in the cryptocurrency industry
puts it in a strong position to lead global discussions about the
potential of web3 and drive digital asset handling practices. 

SUSHISWAP HACKED, HEAD CHEF SAYS 'REVOKE ALL CHAINS' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225473/sushiswap-hack?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Over the weekend, SushiSwap suffered an exploit, resulting in a loss
of over $3.3 million. The exploit was derived from a bug in the
RouterProcessor2 contract. Users who approved the bad contract in the
preceding 4-5 days inadvertently opened the door for any exploiter to
steal these approved tokens. SushiSwap was working with security teams
following the discovery of the exploit to mitigate the issue, and a
tool was developed to help users check if their addresses were
impacted. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PROPOSED PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN CHAINLINK AND GMX AND HOW IT’S COULD
REVENUE FOR CHAINLINK (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/alpha_pls/status/1644685607636201472?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Chainlink, a key technology in DeFi, has proposed a collaboration with
GMX that could be a game-changer for Chainlink. Chainlink is a
decentralized oracle network that enables smart contracts to access
off-chain data securely. The GMX partnership involves new low-latency
oracles that improve data quality and reduce the risk of frontrunning.
This collaboration benefits GMX by reducing trading fees and
increasing efficiency, while Chainlink receives 1.2% of GMX protocol
fees as payment. If this payment model becomes standard for Chainlink
services, this could accrue significant revenue to $LINK. 

AEVO LIVE ON MAINNET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://aevo.mirror.xyz/klKSjpY0UV-GmdWVrW-9x6JRkxvtl-4OwkTthZLcDpA?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Aevo Exchange has officially launched on the mainnet, allowing users
to trade ETH options using real settlement with mainnet USDC. The
exchange features high-performance order books, a matching engine, and
a risk engine capable of processing thousands of events per second.
Built on Aevo Chain, an Ethereum optimistic roll-up, the platform
supports standard and portfolio margin trading. Initially, access will
be granted through the Aevo $PASS NFT, with 1,000 distributed to
existing Ribbon users and participants of Aevo's beta program. Future
milestones include launching BTC options, market maker integrations,
and a project for altcoin options trading. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

USING LAYERZERO TO TRANSFER NFTS BETWEEN CHAINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/0xCygaar/status/1644469265406500864?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This tweet thread lays out the process of minting an NFT on Linea,
bridging it to Goerli, and bridging it back to Linea using LayerZero.
The NFT minting is free, with gas costs only required for transfers
across chains. The point of this demo is to showcase the potential of
LayerZero and how it enables users to more seamlessly move between
chains. It highlights the significantly lower transaction fees on
Linea compared to Goerli, which would result in significant savings on
mainnet. In practice, through LayerZero, a project could mint on a
fast, low gas chain and then allow users to easily transfer their NFT
to Ethereum to enjoy all the apps they know and love. 

ENDGAME PERILS OF RESTAKING (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://dataalways.substack.com/p/endgame-perils-of-restaking?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This write-up walks through issues with restaking. Restaking protocols
can offer financial benefits to validators but may also threaten
Ethereum's ability to self-regulate staking participation and counter
centralization. High staking rates are not considered an ideal outcome
by the Ethereum research community. Restaking protocols, such as
EigenLayer, can distort market incentives and undermine Ethereum's
monetary policy controls. As restaking protocols gain traction,
Ethereum may struggle to balance high staking participation and
centralizing forces. The solution could be implementing a cap on the
active validator set. Regardless of the solution, these restaking
protocols may force the Ethereum community to focus on
decentralization and minimizing the control of large actors. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW BANKS ARE EYEING DEPOSIT TOKENS FOR B2B PAYMENTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ledgerinsights.com/commercial-bank-deposit-tokens-b2b-payments/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Banks, especially in Germany, are exploring bank deposit tokens for
B2B payments to retain market share as digital currencies gain
traction. The European Central Bank's digital euro focuses on consumer
payments, leaving opportunities for commercial banks. B2B payments
constitute the largest segment globally, estimated at $125 trillion.
Germany's DZBank is trialing deposit tokens on private DLT networks
with four corporate clients. German banks prefer interoperability
through an interbank settlement network for deposit tokens, though
successful implementation requires significant collaboration. 

'WE MADE CLOSE TO $1 MILLION': INSIDE THE MURKY WORLD OF AIRDROP
FARMING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225215/we-made-close-to-1-million-inside-the-murky-world-of-airdrop-farming?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Airdrop farming, the practice of speculating on potential crypto
airdrops and trying to become eligible for as many tokens as possible,
has gained popularity due to substantial financial rewards. Despite
the associated risks and ethical concerns, individuals and communities
have turned airdrop hunting into a lucrative business. With the
resurgence of airdrops on L2 networks, airdrop farming communities
have developed strategies to maximize gains, often using multiple
wallets and targeting high-profile projects. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

COINBASE WILL INTEGRATE BITCOIN LIGHTNING NETWORK, SAYS CEO BRIAN
ARMSTRONG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/coinbase-will-integrate-bitcoin-lightning-network/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong nonchalantly revealed plans to integrate
Bitcoin's Lightning Network into the platform at some point. This L2
solution offers faster transaction speeds and lower fees, addressing
Bitcoin's scalability issues. 

MAGIC EDEN BITCOIN NFT LAUNCHPAD DEBUTS AS ORDINALS TOTAL NEARS 1
MILLION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/125599/magic-eden-bitcoin-nft-launchpad-ordinals?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Magic Eden, a multi-chain marketplace, is launching a Bitcoin
launchpad to enable creators to sell digital assets called Ordinals,
similar to Ethereum-based NFTs. The launchpad will offer primary sales
for creators inscribing artwork or media to the Bitcoin blockchain and
facilitate the inscription process if needed. 

HOW SHAREHOLDERS ARE SELLING OPENSEA STOCK DESPITE RESTRICTIONS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225356/opensea-secondary-share-sales?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Shares of NFT marketplace OpenSea have been being traded at steep
discounts on secondary markets via Special Purpose Vehicles. These
SPVs are being utilized to skirt secondary stock sale restrictions.
Opensea raised at over a $13 billion valuation last year, and these
sales have been settling at a ~51% discount to that. 

MAKERDAO’S ENDGAME IS MAKING SOME DELEGATES UNEASY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/makerdao-endgame-causing-rifts?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MakerDAO approved a new constitution, moving towards Rune
Christensen's "Endgame" plan to create smaller DAOs. The transition
involves personnel changes and raises concerns about MKR dilution and
reliance on on-chain assets for DAI stability. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b1b601b6-d76e-11ed-9b04-654f3ee18c05&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681128026&t=1681128458&s=1b16a5eb257d3ebcb1e913bf7557d7bc1a86fab0cc57c1c76eb965327a088203].


 