# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-01-2023

Twitter is designing a payments system.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0d5eb938-a158-11ed-bf60-398b0333bb68&pt=campaign&t=1675170386&s=9dad7a2a2cd55bc065659e8627383552786076b7659b3be199156e0acfadb1df]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-31

NOTHING BETTER THAN FEELING CONFIDENT THAT NO CRITICAL ISSUE EXISTS
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230131]


The last thing your blockchain company needs is a critical
vulnerability. You have to be confident your code is safe from hackers
and thieves - and so do your users.
COINSPECT HAS HELPED PROJECTS like Ledger, Stellar, Liquity, RSK,
Ethereum, ZCash, Horizen, Algorand and Grin, among others, to FOCUS ON
WHAT MATTERS MOST to them: DEVELOP THE GREATEST AND SAFEST TECHNOLOGY
TO CONTINUE ENGAGING USERS INTO CRYPTO.

Get that peace of mind to keep building â€” and 3rd-party validation
that will instill confidence in users and investing partners. Join
dozens of leading blockchain companies and TALK WITH OUR EXPERTS
TODAY.
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldrtech&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230131]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BRIDGE PLATFORM LAYERZERO DENIES ALLEGATIONS IT KEPT â€˜BACKDOORâ€™
SECRET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/30/bridge-platform-layerzero-denies-allegations-it-kept-backdoor-secret/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


LayerZero's co-founder Bryan Pellegrino has denied accusations from
bridging service Nomad that it covered up the existence of a critical
'backdoor' vulnerability in its code. Nomad claims that LayerZero can
bypass security controls and pass data between blockchains without
anyone's permission. The ability allows LayerZero to steal or move
around funds locked up with platforms that use its bridging services
with default settings. Pellegrino acknowledges the backdoor
capabilities but denies that LayerZero ever tried to hide them. He
claims that other bridges, including Nomad, have similar access
capabilities. 

ELON MUSK WANTS TWITTER PAYMENTS SYSTEM TO ACCOMMODATE CRYPTO (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/30/elon-musk-wants-twitter-payments-system-to-accommodate-crypto-ft/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Twitter is designing a payments system. It will originally be for fiat
currencies, but cryptocurrency capabilities may be added later.
Dogecoin spiked following the announcement. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUDO GOVERNANCE WILL BE LAUNCHED LATER TODAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sudoswap/status/1620111345676075009?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The SUDO governance token will be launched today along with a lockdrop
and airdrop. It will initially be non-transferable. Transferability
can be enabled through a standard governance vote. Addresses with at
least 300,000 SUDO delegated can create on-chain proposals. Proposals
with a majority of supporting votes and at least 2.4 million SUDO can
be executed after a two-day voting delay and a three-day voting
period. 

BINANCE PARTNERS WITH MASTERCARD TO LAUNCH PREPAID CRYPTO CARD IN
BRAZIL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/30/binance-partners-with-mastercard-to-launch-prepaid-crypto-card-in-brazil/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Binance has partnered with Mastercard to launch a prepaid crypto card
in Brazil. The card will be available to all Binance users in Brazil
with a valid national ID. It will allow them to make payments and pay
bills with 13 cryptocurrencies. Binance will charge a 0.9% fee and
offer up to 8% in cashback for transactions involving crypto. There
will be no ATM withdrawal fee. The card is now in testing and will be
widely available in the coming weeks. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

GRAYSCALE BITCOIN TRUST: THE FREE MONEY MACHINE THAT WENT INTO REVERSE
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.mollywhite.net/p/grayscale-bitcoin-trust-the-free?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses Grayscale Investments and GBTC. It looks at
GBTC, how it works, and why it is so central to the crypto collapse.
GBTC was launched in 2013 for investors who wanted exposure to Bitcoin
but who weren't able to invest in it directly for whatever reason.
Grayscale would obtain and custody Bitcoins while investors bought
GBTC via their usual brokerage accounts. The price of GBTC was
supposed to generally track the price of Bitcoin as the number of GBTC
shares is proportional to the number of Bitcoins held in the trust. 

THE SHANGHAI UPGRADE IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/RiddlerDeFi/status/1619727324324192257?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ethereum's Shanghai upgrade goes live in March. Validators will be
able to withdraw their staked ETH from the beacon chain once it goes
live. Withdrawals will depend on the exit queue and the withdrawal
period. This Twitter thread looks at expected withdrawal times for
various protocols and provides a strategy for receiving staked ETH as
fast as possible. There will likely be a large number of withdrawals
resulting in long queues. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CURRENCY OF PAYMENTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://sophiefuji.com/payments.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

The greatest currency is trust. We do not always trust in the people
we are dealing with, but we trust the company they work for or the
friend who recommended them. Cryptocurrency provides a way of doing
things without having to trust other people or a proxy. It allows
people to move away from the need to trust in human networks. They
only need to trust the technology. 

ORDINALS PROTOCOL SPARKS DEBATE OVER NFT'S PLACE IN THE BITCOIN
ECOSYSTEM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ordinals-protocol-sparks-debate-over-nft-s-place-in-the-bitcoin-ecosystem?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The crypto community is divided over the launch of NFT protocol
Ordinals on the Bitcoin mainnet. Ordinals were introduced on January
21. The protocol enables the creation of 'digital artifacts', such as
images, PDFs, videos, and audio files, on the Bitcoin network. Some in
the Bitcoin community argue that the Ordinals protocol offers more
financial use cases, while others believe it diverges from the vision
of Bitcoin as a peer-to-peer cash system. Transaction fees could be
driven up due to the NFT-like structures taking up block space. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

AFTER A TOUGH YEAR FOR CRYPTO, HERE'S HOW TO HANDLE LOSSES ON YOUR TAX
RETURN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/30/how-to-handle-cryptocurrency-losses-on-your-2022-tax-return.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Crypto losses may offset investment gains. 

BITCOIN MINING DIFFICULTY HITS A NEW ALL-TIME HIGH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120199/bitcoin-mining-difficulty-hits-new-all-time-high?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mining difficulty has been increasing steadily over the past year due
to more miners entering the network. 

FANTOM BLOCKCHAIN TO RELEASE VERSION 2 OF FUSD STABLECOIN (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/30/fantom-blockchain-to-release-version-2-of-fusd-stablecoin/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=rss&utm_campaign=headlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new version of Fantom's fUSD stablecoin will provide a more
predictable and budget-friendly system for builders, partners, and
users. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0d5eb938-a158-11ed-bf60-398b0333bb68&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675170041&t=1675170386&s=b04a2a16e6a4464c2c60e3958ab620d37969c7887f88e973554887c1921cdbf2].


Â 