# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-02-2023

The US SEC is planning to sue Paxos for issuing an unregistered
security¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4220a17e-ac55-11ed-ae8c-0b777a5f44c7&pt=campaign&t=1676379996&s=63075b04e297ce30fceeccf40cb33e4ddec821db5dfd430ac545f5a8e12b4ee4]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-14

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO FIRM PAXOS ORDERED TO STOP ISSUING BINANCE STABLECOIN (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/13/23597539/crypto-paxos-order-sec-binance-usd-stablecoin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Paxos has been ordered by New York regulators to stop issuing Binance
USD due to concerns that it can't safely issue the token. The SEC is
planning to sue Paxos for violating investor protection laws. It
reportedly sent a notice to Paxos to inform the company of potential
violations and enforcement actions. Paxos will stop issuing new BUSD
tokens on February 21. The stablecoin will remain fully supported by
Paxos until at least February 2024. Binance will support BUSD for the
foreseeable future. 

CIRCLE SOUNDED ALARM ON PAXOS, TOLD NYDFS BINANCE‚ÄôS STABLECOIN
WASN‚ÄôT FULLY BACKED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/13/circle-sounded-alarm-on-paxos-told-nydfs-binances-stablecoin-wasnt-fully-backed-bloomberg/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) is investigating
stablecoin issuer Paxos. According to a report, it was rival
stablecoin issuer Circle that tipped off the NYDFS. The NYDFS has told
Paxos to stop minting BUSD. The US SEC is planning to sue Paxos for
issuing an unregistered security and the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency may ask Paxos to withdraw its application for a full
banking charter. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

THE @BLUR_IO TOKEN $BLUR IS LAUNCHING ON FEBRUARY 14TH AND PROMISES TO
DELIVER A LAUNCH EXPERIENCE LIKE NO OTHER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ayyyeandy/status/1625226909926805505?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Blur NFT Marketplace has seen strong growth, with over 100,514
unique buyers and 880,567 ETH in volume traded. On average, 10,211 ETH
has been traded daily this year, with 18,303 sales made by 11,686
buyers and sellers. The BLUR token is launching on February 14th. As
part of the launch, users were incentivized to list NFTs for sale on
Blur in order to claim airdrops marketed as ‚Äúcare packages‚Äù. This
raised the floor price of some collections due to the increased
liquidity. 

UAE PLANS TO ISSUE A CBDC TO PROMOTE DIGITAL PAYMENTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/13/uae-plans-to-issue-a-cbdc-to-promote-digital-payments/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=rss&utm_campaign=headlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The central bank of the United Arab Emirates is planning to issue a
central bank digital currency for domestic and cross-border payments.
It is one of nine initiatives of the central bank's Financial
Infrastructure Transformation Program. Dubai published comprehensive
regulations for the crypto sector last week. The new laws include the
establishment of a licensing regime for crypto companies. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AWESOME-HUFF (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/devtooligan/awesome-huff/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a curated list of resources for the Huff
language. Huff is a low-level programming language developed for
writing smart contracts for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). It
exposes the programming stack and provides useful tools like constants
and macros. Huff can be used to write efficient smart contracts for
production or to learn more about the EVM. 

2023, THE YEAR OF TOKENIZED PUBLIC SECURITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptobanking.substack.com/p/2023-the-year-of-tokenized-public?utm_source=twitter&sd=pf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Two projects have launched to provide tokenized public securities:
Ondo Finance and Backed Finance. Ondo Finance has launched a
short-term bond product, OUSG, invested in SHV treasuries. Backed
Finance has launched equity-linked product bCSPX, a 1 to 1 wrapper for
CSPX, an S&P500 ETF. Both projects are ETFs from Blackrock/iShares.
Backed takes issuance/redemption fees on the primary market, whereas
Ondo takes AuM fees. Backed is permissionless and forbidden to US
citizens. Ondo is permissioned and open only to KYCed accredited
investors. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ON-CHAIN INSIGHTS: STABLECOIN TRADING VOLUME DOMINANCE IN DEFI (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://21shares.com/research/onchain-insights-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stablecoin trading pairs dominate the volume on DEXs compared to
Altcoin pairs. USDC is the most traded stablecoin, with 60% dominance.
Ethereum processes 79% of stablecoin trading volume. New decentralized
stablecoins like GHO and crvUSD have the potential to change the
stablecoin landscape on DEXs. 

BINANCE WITHDRAWALS SURGE AS PAXOS-BUSD DRAMA WEIGHS ON THE EXCHANGE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/13/binance-withdrawals-surge-as-paxos-busd-drama-weighs-on-the-exchange/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Binance saw around $831 million in net outflows over 24 hours
following news of a regulatory crackdown on BUSD. BUSD is the largest
asset in Binance's reserves after USDT. It accounts for around 22% of
Binance's $60 billion of assets. Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao has
assured investors that customers' funds are safe. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

$LENS AIRDROP STRATEGY üåø (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/OlimpioCrypto/status/1625272302995935232?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread guides users on how to get a Lens profile and how
to complete Lens quests for rewards. 

I'M HAPPY TO ANNOUNCE THAT @0XPOLYGON IS OPEN-SOURCING A SOLIDITY
LIBRARY THAT @GRETZKE DEVELOPED IN HOUSE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/wschwab_/status/1625122249807216643?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The library is a binary search tree implementing a red-black sorting
algorithm. 

DESIGNING A SUSTAINABLE ECONOMIC SYSTEM FOR BLOCKCHAIN GAMES: LESSONS
FROM HISTORY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xD6fDc3d0C72Ae0E093bfa2E094720C542536b0e2/fkfAzOnR5QTGpFRbMDYn2sLeU9oMulmVjBmmdqV43UA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at successful games to discuss the logic of in-game
virtual assets and how to design a sustainable gaming economic system
from different perspectives. 

POLKADOT MULLS RESEARCH INTO 'TOKEN MORPHISM' AMID REGULATORY
CRACKDOWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/211039/polkadot-mulls-research-into-token-morphism-amid-regulatory-crackdown?utm_source=pocket_saves]


Token morphism is a term used to describe the process used to
transform Polkadot's native DOT token from a security into software. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4220a17e-ac55-11ed-ae8c-0b777a5f44c7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676379616&t=1676379996&s=4613a512cee13c6b588a813023649c092d3c0b9eeb99119b8622010f448aec0f].


¬†