# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-09-2023

The People‚Äôs Court has published a report indicating that
individual-held digital assets should be considered legal and
protected by law¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=944c5360-4b0d-11ee-8f43-7d87c9dba818&pt=campaign&t=1693829099&s=18f10ea01a4adf3589ceb36ec88c3937e6d24bb0b0a5c6257c52f05f745ad763]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-04

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CHINA COURT DECLARES VIRTUAL ASSETS LEGAL PROPERTIES PROTECTED BY LAW
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/china-court-declares-virtual-assets-as-legal-properties-protected-by-law-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Despite China's nationwide ban on cryptocurrency, the People‚Äôs Court
has published a report indicating that individual-held digital assets
should be considered legal and protected by law according to the
existing policy framework. This marks a paradigm shift in Chinese
legal thought, as it argues digital currency possesses economic
attributes, therefore qualifying it as property. The report also
offered suggestions on handling cases involving digital asset-related
crimes. 

MAKERDAO CO-FOUNDER FLOATS USING SOLANA‚ÄôS CODE TO BUILD NEW CHAIN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/makerdao-solana-fork-endgame?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MakerDAO's co-founder, Rune Christensen, recently proposed using the
Solana codebase for a dedicated appchain aiming to improve the DeFi
lending protocol. This new appchain, part of MakerDAO's five-phases
Endgame strategy, aims to improve governance and sustainability. Maker
will not be directly building on Solana, but rather will be using the
Solana stack. This proposal could potentially lead to a mutually
beneficial relationship between MakerDAO and Solana. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

‚ÄúMIRAI‚Äù: INDUSTRY‚ÄôS FIRST OMNI-CHAIN SMART WALLET (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://kanalabs.medium.com/introducing-mirai-industrys-first-omni-chain-smart-wallet-49e790980333?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Kana Labs has introduced its omni-chain smart contract wallet, "Mirai
SDK." This solution aims to simplify crypto transactions by offering
social login and straightforward transaction management functionality.
It supports both EVM and non-EVM chains and seamless cross-chain token
swaps. It currently supports Aptos and it will soon integrate other
non-EVM chains like Solana and Sui. 

COLORADO DMV TAPS PAYPAL TO FACILITATE CRYPTO PAYMENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/colorado-dmv-paypal-crypto-payments?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Colorado DMV has started accepting cryptocurrency payments for
online services such as driver‚Äôs licenses and vehicle registrations
via PayPal. This makes the DMV the first governmental body in the
state to do so. The move is part of the state's wider initiative to
find practical uses for crypto. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE RISKS OF LSD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/djrtwo/writing/blob/main/docs/2022-05-30_the-risks-of-lsd.md?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post explains how Liquid Staking Derivatives, including Lido,
present potential threats to the Ethereum protocol due to possible
cartelization and centralization. While this was written over a year
ago, it‚Äôs still relevant as LDO has gained nearly 33% share of
staked Ether. The author suggests self-limiting to avoid any potential
issues and advises capital allocators to be conscious of these risks
and limit allocation to LSD protocols that exceed 25% of total staked
Ether. 

ON THE STATE OF YOUR NFT SECURITY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/punk6529/status/1697855366749368741?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread from Punk6529 emphasizes the importance of security
regarding NFTs. He walks through his thoughts on a security survey he
ran, going over the answers to each question and pointing out the
issues and the solutions to them. The thread ends on a hopeful note,
claiming that better security is possible as builders continue to
innovate on the underlying infrastructure and user experiences around
digital asset storage. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ROBINHOOD BUYS BACK SAM BANKMAN-FRIED‚ÄôS SEIZED SHARES WORTH $600
MILLION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154656/robinhood-buys-back-sam-bankman-fried-seized-shares?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Robinhood has finalized the buyback of a 7.6% stake in the company,
valued at $606 million, in seized shares from FTX founder, Sam
Bankman-Fried, as confirmed in an SEC filing. The shares were
confiscated by the US Justice Department as a part of the fraud
charges being levied against SBF. 

MRBEAST ANNOUNCES CREATOR ESPORTS LEAGUE HE‚ÄôS NOT ACTUALLY A PART OF
(5 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/J2wJg?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

YouTube star MrBeast has announced the Creator League, an esports
competition featuring top influencers and their fans. The league
garnered some negative press soon after launch, as one of the
streamers that was going to be involved in the launch backed out after
learning the league would be leveraging NFTs as part of its tech
stack. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FTX FILING SHOWS COMPANY BOUGHT YACHT FOR FORMER CO-CEO SAM TRABUCCO
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/248849/ftx-filing-shows-company-bought-yacht-for-former-co-ceo-sam-trabucco?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

When Sam Trabucco left Alameda, he mentioned he would be spending time
on his new boat. Filings discovered as part of FTX‚Äôs bankruptcy have
now revealed that his $2.5m boat was purchased by FTX/Alameda. 

ETHEREUM‚ÄôS VITALIK BUTERIN SELLS $500K OF MAKER (MKR) TOKENS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/buterin-makerdao-ethereum/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin sold all his MakerDAO MKR tokens
for $581,000 after Rune Christensen mentioned using Solana‚Äôs tech
stack to create an appchain for MakerDAO. 

FTX WALLET SHIFTS $10M IN CRYPTO, SPARKING FEAR OF TOKEN DUMPS TO COME
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ftx-wallet-transfers-crypto-sparks-fear-selloffs-amid-bankruptcy?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A dormant FTX wallet bridged $10m in crypto from Solana to Ethereum,
igniting fears that the liquidation of FTX‚Äôs holdings will soon
begin. 

JPMORGAN SAYS SEC WOULD LIKELY BE FORCED TO APPROVE SPOT BITCOIN ETFS
FOLLOWING GRAYSCALE'S WIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/248879/jpmorgan-bitcoin-etf-sec-grayscale?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

JPMorgan predicts the SEC will likely approve multiple spot bitcoin
ETFs following Grayscale's legal victory against the SEC. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=944c5360-4b0d-11ee-8f43-7d87c9dba818&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693828892&t=1693829099&s=6611949d9d12822cd5cb1524c609e94b1773f65a9dde5af358a5bff14690db87].