# Articles TLDR Crypto 29-08-2023

Binance is reportedly mulling over a complete exit from Russia in the
wake of some missteps it‚Äôs allegedly taken in the country¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=629ac894-464c-11ee-ad50-fb70e0349061&pt=campaign&t=1693310665&s=cddbbad0d38e183d30e0a2a83518717811f5a3e29ab4d4511fcb537d4b04f006]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Kraken] [https://bit.ly/45GmYBk]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-29

HAVE YOUR TRIED THE ALL-NEW KRAKEN PRO YET? (SPONSOR)
[https://bit.ly/45GmYBk] 

The newest edition of Kraken Pro [https://bit.ly/45GmYBk] is packed
with all the trading features you need to trade your way. Like
advanced order management and analytics tools ‚Äî all in a redesigned,
fully-customizable trading interface. It‚Äôs one of the most powerful
and popular trading platforms out there:
‚úîÔ∏è¬†10M+ clients

‚úîÔ∏è¬†207B+ trading volume (2022)

‚úîÔ∏è¬†24/7 client support provided in 13 languages

So go on, head to Kraken and trade like a pro.
[https://bit.ly/45GmYBk]

_Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are
unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can
lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains tax.
View Kraken's legal disclosures at: __kraken.com/legal/disclosures_
[http://kraken.com/legal/disclosures][Advertisement]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE LEAVING RUSSIAN MARKET IS ‚ÄòON THE TABLE‚Äô (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-leaving-russian-market-on-the-table?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Binance is reportedly mulling over a complete exit from Russia in the
wake of some missteps it‚Äôs allegedly taken in the country. The
exchange previously severed connections with certain sanctioned
Russian financial institutions and imposed fiat currency restrictions
on its Russian users. The move follows increasing scrutiny of
Binance's activities in various countries, including an ongoing
investigation in the US regarding possible violations of sanctions
after Russia's Ukraine invasion. 

SEC TAKES FIRST ACTION AGAINST AN NFT PROJECT AS AN UNREGISTERED
SECURITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/28/23849104/sec-nft-action-securities-impact-theory?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


The SEC issued its first enforcement action related to NFTs. The
action alleged that the issuers, Impact Theory, treated their NFTs as
unlicensed securities. The company accepted a cease-and-desist order,
consented to pay $6.1 million in penalties, and agreed to dismantle
its NFT business. Critics question whether this action means that the
SEC classifies NFTs as securities offerings. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

TRIBESKIT: CHAT FOR YOUR DAPP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://tribes.mirror.xyz/MT-PmTE7oiHERfdCgXPJzitePG8bmf_QIcmaRfd2kfM?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


TribesKit is a new full-stack Chat and Wallet engine for web3
application developers. It provides ready-to-use chat functions
allowing integration into a variety of software applications and
simplifies the process by eliminating the need to build a chat
experience from scratch. It also offers wallet capabilities, enabling
users to manage their assets and transactions. It's designed to be
easily customizable for any application and aims to enhance user
experience via rich functionality and usability. 

VELODROME TO LAUNCH NEW DEX ON COINBASE'S BASE NETWORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247698/velodrome-to-launch-new-dex-on-coinbases-base-network?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Velodrome, a leading DEX on OP Mainnet, is launching Aerodrome, a new
DEX on Coinbase's L2, Base. Aerodrome has been much-anticipated and
will likely become the biggest DEX on Base. Velodrome will incentivize
users with an airdrop of its native Aero token in exchange for locking
Velodrome tokens, contributing 40% of the initial Aero token supply to
veVELO holders during launch. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A DAPP DEVELOPER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO APPCHAINS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://subscriptions.theinformation.com/newsletters/slow-burn/archive/a-dapp-developers-guide-to-appchains?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Rollups on Ethereum have been launching seemingly every week with
great promises of drastically reduced transaction fees and increased
speed. This is great as it‚Äôs giving developers more choice. However,
it‚Äôs difficult to decide what rollup to build on. Understanding the
full range of rollup economics and considering rollup frameworks are
vital steps for developers considering this route. This guide aims to
help developers navigate this complicated topic so they can choose the
rollup that is right for them. 

BLOBSPACE 101 (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://domothy.com/blobspace/?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

Proto-danksharding, or EIP-4844, is coming to Ethereum soon to address
scalability issues. It introduces a concept called blobspace, which
can reduce transaction costs by simplifying the data commitment
process. Blobspace helps to verify that all transaction information is
available for block validation without every node needing to download
all data, making the process more efficient. This upgrade will
particularly benefit L2 solutions like rollups. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NONCUSTODIAL FINANCE IS CRYPTO'S WAY ACROSS THE CHASM (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/basche42.eth/je7IU2N4S1UlTsR60ySyMyaa53ZbJnGl6L-b8btmyOE?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This article explores the growing phenomenon of Noncustodial Finance
(NoFi) apps, which use blockchain tech to create consumer-facing
financial applications. With the help of advancements such as
stablecoins, scaling solutions, wallet innovations, and macro trends,
NoFi presents a unique potential for crypto mass-market adoption.
Offering reduced costs, interoperability, and compliance ease, NoFi
offers a unique alternative to traditional apps. 

ON THE IMPOSSIBILITY OF STATELESS BLOCKCHAINS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/article/on-the-impossibility-of-stateless-blockchains/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This article from a16z claims stateless blockchains, which could ease
storage burdens for validators and enhance decentralization, will
remain impractical without additional measures to manage the 'state'.
Current stateless blockchain models, despite considerable research,
place unwieldy burdens on users and fail to solve storage issues. This
research underscores the necessity for innovative approaches to manage
blockchain state as the technology continues to scale. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SASSAL ON THE NEXT 12-18 MONTHS IN CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sassal0x/status/1696162071715422442?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This post predicts how crypto will play out over the next year to a
year and a half. 

SHIBARIUM TEAM REOPENS BRIDGE WITHDRAWALS ON MAINNET (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247642/shibarium-team-reopens-bridge-withdrawals-on-mainnet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


After a false start, Shibarium has reopened its bridge for
withdrawals. 

YEVGENY PRIGOZHIN POTENTIALLY LINKED TO THE FIFTH LARGEST BITCOIN
WALLET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/russian-military-boss-fifth-largest-bitcoin-wallet/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


The death of Wagner PMC owner, Yevgeny Prigozhin, sparked rumors about
a Bitcoin wallet that he allegedly owned, the fifth-largest wallet in
the world. 

BITBOY CRYPTO SAYS GOODBYE TO BEN ARMSTRONG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247783/bitboy-crypto-says-goodbye-to-ben-armstrong?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Ben Armstrong was removed from Bitboy Crypto by parent company BJ
Investment Holdings due to alleged substance abuse and harm to
employees and the community. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=629ac894-464c-11ee-ad50-fb70e0349061&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693310435&t=1693310665&s=52e7b0f10c1082faf10e583c5aa831315bb0fd35bbc098cf45247589324f4b77].