# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-02-2023

Binance moved large sums of money from Binance.US to Merit Peak, a
trading firm managed by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=be12d076-aeb8-11ed-b0ed-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&t=1676639202&s=133e4d6d55adab17959369f2fcbeef456045d591963fceaec85058d0c58ac502]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-17

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO GIANT BINANCE MOVED $400 MILLION FROM U.S. PARTNER TO FIRM
MANAGED BY CEO ZHAO (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/llijk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Binance moved large sums of money over the first three months of 2021
from Binance.US to Merit Peak, a trading firm managed by Binance CEO
Changpeng Zhao. Over $400 million was transferred from the Binance.US
account to Merit Peak. The reason for the transfer and whether any of
the money belonged to Binance.US customers is unknown. A Binance
spokesperson commented that the information was outdated. 

FROM MATH CAMP TO HANDCUFFS: FTX‚ÄôS DOWNFALL WAS AN ARC OF
BROTHERHOOD AND BETRAYAL (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/46Gfy?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Sam Bankman-Fried and Gary Wang had been friends since their teens.
They met during a five-week summer program for mathematically talented
high school students in 2008. Bankman-Fried and Wang worked together
for nearly all of their adult lives. This article looks at Gary Wang,
his past, and his role with FTX. Wang was mostly in the background,
creating the platforms and engines that the company used. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FLASHBOTS PROPOSES NEW CLASS OF ‚ÄòMATCHMAKERS‚Äô TO SHARE MEV GAINS
WITH ETHEREUM USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/16/flashbots-proposes-new-class-of-matchmakers-to-share-mev-gains-with-ethereum-users/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Flashbots has proposed a new protocol called MEV-Share to distribute
profits on the Ethereum blockchain more broadly. MEV-Share would
distribute MEV to Ethereum users as well as validators and data-block
builders. It involves the introduction of a new entity in the MEV
supply chain called 'matchmakers'. MEV-Share is an early
implementation of SUAVE, a blockchain aiming to decentralize the
block-building process. 

ZKSYNC COUNTERS POLYGON WITH ‚ÄòMAINNET‚Äô ROLLUP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/zksync-launch-evm?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

zkSync has opened up registrations for developers to deploy
applications to its blockchain-based platform. The announcement comes
a day after Polygon set a date for the launch of its
zero-knowledge-based scaling solution for Ethereum. Matter Labs has
raised $200M to develop an ecosystem fund to foster the adoption of
zkEVM. The recent announcements by Polygon and Matter Labs may
increase pressure for other zk-rollup providers to launch their
platforms. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

VC WALLET HUNTING üê≥ (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ThorHartvigsen/status/1626204769189605377?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The top 20 crypto funds have more than 1200 wallets combined. This
Twitter thread looks at eight of the largest VCs, their biggest
holdings, and recent investments. The firms include Jump Trading,
Blockchain Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, and Amber Group. VCs often
act completely recklessly. There is no guarantee that their actions
are 'smart money'. 

HOW ORDINALS ARE EVOLVING DIFFERENTLY THAN ETHEREUM NFTS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/dotta/status/1626354854879985664?s=20?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The standard practice with Ordinals is to create a new address for
every inscription received, resulting in more privacy for owners.
Ordinals are on-chain by default, with the core asset immutably
inscribed on Bitcoin. It is much easier to launch a one-off
inscription than it is to deploy an NFT on Ethereum. File types other
than images are common on Ordinals. This includes HTML pages, 3D
models, audio files, and even a Doom clone and a Mintcraft clone. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GAMES OVER GOVERNANCE: RECENTERING DAOS ON COORDINATION (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://operator.mirror.xyz/Tye2rxnMC52aXo5rthrtKCqynSsfIigaqBawWZ1gyLU?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The strength of DAOs lies in their ability to coordinate activities.
This article explores the concept of DAOs as economic game engines
that can create order from chaos if appropriately structured. The
conversation around DAOs needs to be changed to create sustainable and
equitable communities. New potentials can be unlocked by centering on
coordination. 

CENTRIFUGE WANTS TO BACK AAVE‚ÄôS GHO STABLECOIN WITH REAL-WORLD
ASSETS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/centrifuge-wants-to-back-gho-with-rwas?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Centrifuge is looking to become the real-world asset facilitator for
Aave's new stablecoin, GHO. The on-chain ecosystem is already an asset
facilitator for MakerDAO's DAI stablecoin. A formal proposal is now
being prepared for submission once GHO facilitators are ready for
onboarding. Real-world assets are off-chain digital assets such as
cash, gold, and real estate. They can be used as collateral in DeFi,
providing access to larger debt markets and accelerating mainstream
cryptocurrency adoption. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

3 BRUTAL FACTS WHY BLUR WILL NOT OVERTAKE OPENSEA (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mikcosentino/status/1626191235072376833?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1626191235072376833%7Ctwgr%5E3c6cf028d8dd043539f5fb10c0adf6c7399706c6%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.m6labs.co%2Fp%2Fcreator-royalties-war-blur-vs-opensea?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Trying to unseat a market leader is a complex task, Blur's current
trading volumes are boosted by airdrops, and other attempts at beating
OpenSea have failed so far. 

PREDICTION THAT IN THE FUTURE, CONSUMER TOKEN AIRDROPS WILL RESEMBLE
WEB2 INCENTIVE PROGRAMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1625881752815259653.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Token airdrops in the future will be largely used to engage and
incentivize existing users rather than to acquire new users. 

SEC CHARGES DO KWON, TERRAFORM WITH FRAUD IN CONNECTION WITH TERRA
COLLAPSE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/02/16/sec-charges-do-kwon-with-fraud-in-connection-with-terra-collapse.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Kwon, who is a fugitive and possibly in Serbia, allegedly marketed
assets as profit-bearing securities and repeatedly claimed that the
tokens would increase in value. 

MULTICALLER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Vectorized/multicaller?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Multicaller is a package for efficiently calling multiple contracts in
a single transaction. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=be12d076-aeb8-11ed-b0ed-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676638821&t=1676639202&s=2934800669de6a16762d3f26422dc9422c9706bbf3535b03b505792251b3af1e].


¬†