# Articles TLDR Crypto 19-01-2023

Genesis is reportedly preparing to file for bankruptcy as early as
this week.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9655b798-97ce-11ed-868a-3d1cefc1070f&pt=campaign&t=1674133561&s=6ad62cd23b9b1ea0c0f26c3dd8a3e9d7b5200dc2a7cd5e4d9576a0d79fe6d4e3]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-19

AWAKEN AIMS TO DISRUPT THE CRYPTO TAX INDUSTRY WITH ITS BRAND-NEW
CONSUMER PRODUCT (SPONSOR)
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr]


Last tax season, Yash and Andrew paid $500+ on crypto tax products
that didn't work. It was such a nightmare, they set out to build
Awaken.

	*
Awaken accurately handles web3, including staking, ENS, and NFTs.

	*
Awaken‚Äôs intelligent software learns as you use it, saving you hours
of time.

	*
Awaken‚Äôs user interface is ‚Äúcleaner than a freshly rugged
wallet.‚Äù (Yash insisted on having us include this).

CLAIM $100 OF FREE CREDITS (FIRST 500 SIGNUPS)
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GENESIS IS PLANNING TO FILE FOR BANKRUPTCY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/genesis-is-planning-to-file-for-bankruptcy-report?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Genesis is reportedly preparing to file for bankruptcy as early as
this week. The exchange has previously stated its intentions to file
for bankruptcy if it were unable to raise cash. The US SEC recently
charged Genesis with offering unregistered securities through Gemini's
Earn program. Genesis' liquidity issues stem from the collapse of
Three Arrows Capital and FTX. 

CIRCLE, UNISWAP RESEARCH SAYS DEFI CAN SOLVE $2 TRILLION FX RISK
PROBLEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/01/18/circle-uniswap-research-says-defi-can-solve-2-trillion-fx-risk-problem/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Crypto's innovations could solve a major ongoing financial-stability
concern for regulators. About $2.2 trillion in foreign exchange
transactions every day carry a risk that the yet-to-be-settled side of
an agreement won't meet obligations. A new paper from Circle Internet
Financial and Uniswap Labs claims that a distributed ledger could
solve the problem with simultaneous settlement. An on-chain foreign
exchange could offer faster and more affordable transaction processes
and greater liquidity and stability. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MAKERDAO FAVORS HOLDING GUSD STABLECOIN AS PART OF RESERVE IN EARLY
VOTING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/01/18/makerdao-favors-holding-gusd-stablecoin-as-part-of-reserve-in-early-voting/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


MakerDAO's community is voting on whether to keep Gemini's GUSD as
part of Maker's reserve. A recent governance proposal suggests
decreasing Maker's GUSD ceiling to $100 million or to zero. Voting so
far is in favor of keeping GUSD's ceiling intact at $500 million.
MakerDAO holds around 85% of all GUSD in circulation. Voting on the
issue ends today. 

RARIBLE EXPANDS NFT MARKETPLACE BUILDER TO POLYGON-BASED COLLECTIONS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/01/18/rarible-expands-nft-marketplace-builder-to-polygon-based-collections/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Rarible has expanded its marketplace building tool for Polygon-based
collections. Polygon users can now create their own
collection-specific storefront using Rarible's infrastructure. Rarible
features tools that can pull NFT listings from secondary marketplaces.
Hype around Polygon has grown over the past few months as several
companies, such as Starbucks and Instagram, have chosen the network to
power their NFT programs. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

INTRODUCING PERMIT2 & UNIVERSAL ROUTER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://uniswap.org/blog/permit2-and-universal-router?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Uniswap Labs has released two new smart contracts: Permit2 and
Universal Router. Permit2 is a token approval contract that can safely
share and manage token approvals across different smart contracts. It
reduces transaction costs while improving smart contract security. The
Universal Router unifies token and NFT trades into a highly flexible,
gas-optimized, secure, and extensible swap router. It will become the
default swap router for all Uniswap swaps in the near future. 

HOW TO START A HEADLESS BRAND (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/tranqui.eth/WyVy32mBBFRwikF4oJ9ZtrITORDFef92y0KGM-_zEtA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Brands have been traditionally planned and designed directly by
corporations. The rise of networked media and blockchain-based DAOs
has incentivized users to spread brand narratives of their own. Users
can contribute to smart-contract based feeds where rewards and
recognition are determined at the protocol level instead of spending
energy on social media platforms gaming an algorithm to build a
following that is becoming less convertible into social or financial
capital every day. This article discusses headless brands, what
success looks like for a headless brand, and how to start or join a
headless brand. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DID IT REALLY TAKE JUST 13 PEOPLE TO HARD FORK POLYGON? (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119428/polygon-hard-fork-validator-vote-decentralization?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Polygon successfully completed a hard fork on Tuesday to provide users
with faster transactions and less frequent gas fee spikes. The
network's 100 validators were invited to participate in voting for the
hard fork. Only 15 validators ended up voting. Polygon's governance
process has been criticized as being undemocratic and overly
centralized. As validators need to upgrade their software to complete
the hard fork, upgrading can be considered a vote in support. 

BITZLATO CRYPTO EXCHANGE SEIZED FOR RANSOMWARE, DRUGS MONEY LAUNDERING
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/bitzlato-crypto-exchange-seized-for-ransomware-drugs-money-laundering/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Anatoly Legkodymov, founder of Bitzlato, has been arrested by the US
Department of Justice for allegedly helping cybercriminals launder
money. Bitzlato was a haven for criminal proceeds and funds intended
for use in criminal activity due to its deficient know-your-customer
procedures. Its largest counterparty in cryptocurrency transactions
was one of the largest and longest-running darknet markets in the
world. Legkodymov was allegedly aware of the illicit activity that was
widespread across his platform. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PERPETUALS ACTION SOARS AS VOLATILITY STOKES TRADING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/perpetuals-action-soars-as-volatility-stokes-trading?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Synthetix has seen daily active users jump from 2,300 to 5,800 a day
since it launched a second iteration of its perpetuals platform on
Optimism in December. 

COINBASE ANNOUNCES 'DIFFICULT DECISION' TO SHUTTER OPERATIONS IN JAPAN
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119445/coinbase-announces-difficult-decision-shutter-operations-japan?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Customers will have until February 16 to withdraw their funds from
Coinbase Japan, after which the funds will be sent to a Guaranty
Account from where the customers will need to retrieve it themselves. 

YUGA LABS' SEWER PASS NFT COLLECTION NETS OVER $6M IN SALES IN JUST
HOURS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/01/18/yuga-labs-sewer-pass-nft-collection-nets-over-6m-in-sales-in-just-hours/]


Sewer Passes allow holders to access a skill-based game called Dookey
Dash that will be available from January 19 to February 8. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9655b798-97ce-11ed-868a-3d1cefc1070f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674133239&t=1674133561&s=fd97b2644e03947fa9ffa7c50ae439852000a2d82c6ccedbb75a9898fbde7b8e].


¬†