# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-12-2023

The US FASB has updated its guidelines to allow corporations to
recognize changes in the "fair value" of their cryptocurrency
holdings  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-12-14

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 COINBASE INTRODUCES SPOT CRYPTO TRADING FOR INTERNATIONAL
INSTITUTIONS (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Coinbase is launching spot crypto trading on its international
platform, enabling institutional international investors to trade
Bitcoin and Ether against the USDC stablecoin. The rollout, aimed at
reducing concerns over US regulatory uncertainties, will soon be
extended to retail users with added assets and features. This follows
Coinbase's expansion of its perpetual futures service to non-US retail
traders in October. 

 FASB CONFIRMS 'FAIR VALUE' APPROACH FOR CORPORATE CRYPTO HOLDINGS (3
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 The US Financial Accounting Standards Board has updated its
guidelines to allow corporations to recognize changes in the "fair
value" of their cryptocurrency holdings. The rule change, taking
effect after December 15, 2024, will benefit companies that hold
crypto on their balance sheets. Under the new guidelines, companies
will report the fair value, cost-basis, and types of assets they
possess, versus solely reporting a loss if assets are worth less than
the purchase price, as is the current practice. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 ECLIPSE TESTNET IS LIVE (2 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Eclipse, an Ethereum L2 solution leveraging the Solana Virtual
Machine, launched on Ethereum's Sepolia and Celestia's Mocha testnets.
This is a crucial step towards deploying the Eclipse Mainnet, which
combines Ethereum for settlement, Celestia for data availability, and
the SVM for execution. Developers can now bridge Sepolia ETH and
launch contracts on this final stage of testnet rollouts. Notably, the
first 1,000 developers to deploy to the Eclipse Testnet will receive a
special NFT on the upcoming Eclipse Mainnet. 

 PIREX ETH LIVE ON MAINNET; BEGINNING THE DINERO ROLLOUT (3 MINUTE
READ) [8] 

 Pirex ETH, a two-token Ethereum liquid staking solution, is now live
on the Ethereum mainnet. The system consists of pxETH for liquidity
and apxETH for increased staking yields. It aims to provide a
straightforward and flexible solution to solo staking and liquid
staking tokens. While security is being prioritized, the next steps in
the process include introducing enhancements and expanding user
integrations. This launch marks the initial phase of the Dinero
protocol, which involves the creation of an overcollateralized
stablecoin. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 THE YEAR AHEAD: 10 CRYPTO PREDICTIONS FOR 2024 (18 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This report lays out Bitwise's predictions for 2024, which include
Bitcoin trading over $80,000, the approval of spot bitcoin ETFs, and
Coinbase doubling its revenue. It also predicts stablecoins will
settle more value than Visa and that J.P. Morgan will tokenize a fund
and launch it on-chain. One of the more aggressive predictions the
firm has is that Taylor Swift will use NFTs to interact with fans.
Each prediction they outline is supported by a short summary and some
data points. 

 REVISITING THE APPLICATION LAYER (8 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This article delves into the complexities of the application layer in
crypto, which is comprised of state (assets) and logic (applications).
It emphasizes Ethereum's expansion of both layers, but points out the
lack of significant use cases as a challenge, discussing
speculation-driven market activities. The authors outline a model,
broken down into quadrants, to understand other potential
applications, arguing for less reflexive, more real-world use cases.
Expanding the application layer to incorporate non-crypto assets and
off-chain applications can drive tangible value and reduce crypto
market volatility. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CFTC CHAIR CLAIMS MOST CRYPTOCURRENCIES ARE COMMODITIES, ADMITS
THERE'S A 'TURF WAR' GOING ON OVER CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 The Chairman of the CFTC, Rostin Behnam, recently stated on CNBC that
most crypto assets could be categorized as commodities under current
laws. He also noted a regulatory "turf war" between the CFTC and the
SEC over jurisdiction of the crypto industry. This debate has blocked
progress in creating clear guidelines for digital assets and the
broader crypto industry. 

 WHAT MIGHT AN “ENSHRINED ZK-EVM” LOOK LIKE? (15 MINUTE READ) [12]


 In this note, Vitalik Buterin proposes integrating zk proofs into
Ethereum in lieu of L2s. Using this so-called ZK-EVM would allow the
Ethereum network to verify transactions quicker and more securely and
could also be applied to L2 networks. The proposal discusses ways to
incorporate and audit these proofs within the Ethereum ecosystem while
minimizing complexity and governance concerns. Overall, he argues it
could help Ethereum handle more transactions, improve its
functionality, and extend the capabilities of its execution layer. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 DEUTSCHE BANK, OTHERS TO ISSUE EURO-BASED STABLECOIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[13] 

 Deutsche Bank is reportedly planning to launch a euro-based
stablecoin in Frankfurt, aiming for mainstream adoption of tokenized
assets and regulatory approval. 

 THE L1 VS L2 LANDSCAPE: UNDERSTANDING THE DESIGN DIFFERENCES,
TRADEOFFS, AND ENDGAMES (38 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 This article goes over L1 and L2 blockchain technologies, focusing on
their design differences, tradeoffs, and impacts on blockchain
applications and user experiences. 

 MND - THE AI-ENABLED AUTOMATED TRADING SYSTEM (3 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 This thread explains a new protocol called MND that allows users to
build programmatic trading strategies with a visual user interface
aided by AI. 

 BINANCE PUSHES TO DISMISS SEC LAWSUIT WITH FLURRY OF FILINGS (3
MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Binance is arguing its $4.3 billion settlement with U.S. regulators
should not affect the outcome of its ongoing SEC lawsuit, challenging
the SEC's interpretation of securities laws. 

WANT THE BEST OF TLDR? 🏆

Refer a friend to TLDR Crypto using the referral link below, and we
will send you the TLDR Hall of Fame, our 50 best stories of all time!

YOUR REFERRAL LINK - https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930 [17]

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=1b1904e6-9a56-11ee-a023-efaa6e5e7b7e&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1702559012&amp;s=67a737d7257398004bc1bdb6a1b8298a968068623fcf40f59868b8408836575a
[5] https://blockworks.co/news/coinbase-institutional-spot-crypto-trading?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/12/13/fasb-confirms-fair-value-approach-for-corporate-crypto-holdings/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://mirror.xyz/eclipsemainnet.eth/g_kdlnrbVXTjCMxGChfMMH5ZQcFjwq0VEnRj8FzuO6w?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://mirror.xyz/0xE90c74145245B498fef924fAdC7bb34253c7cF90/CMvzeywubVlBSjitiP5_FmKsjGUxwQy1qcNN9wQHq2o?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://bitwiseinvestments.com/crypto-market-insights/the-year-ahead-10-crypto-predictions-for-2024?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://figmentcapital.medium.com/growing-the-application-layer-d01328c0350a?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://www.ibtimes.com/cftc-chair-claims-most-cryptocurrencies-are-commodities-admits-theres-turf-war-going-over-3720674?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://notes.ethereum.org/@vbuterin/enshrined_zk_evm?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://coingape.com/deutsche-bank-others-to-issue-euro-based-stablecoin/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://www.helius.dev/blog/the-l1-vs-l2-landscape?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/pwnlord69/status/1733893921208414552?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://decrypt.co/209595/binance-pushes-to-dismiss-sec-lawsuit-with-flurry-of-filings?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=1b1904e6-9a56-11ee-a023-efaa6e5e7b7e&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1702558818&amp;t=1702559012&amp;s=a4caf487fd446b92d72e33e7db174614c2bf6c537d0b2a4f57fe75cffce39d10