# Articles TLDR Crypto 05-09-2023

The London Stock Exchange Group has announced plans to launch a new
digital markets businessÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ecb496c4-4bcc-11ee-8d31-4960187b24b9&pt=campaign&t=1693915520&s=7bd245b8be45a27a26c266d0d94879361d115a93c4ba3a1bb75ffd2a881defc5]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-05

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE GROUP PLANS BLOCKCHAIN-POWERED DIGITAL MARKETS
BUSINESS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154852/london-stock-exchange-group-plans-blockchain-powered-digital-markets-business?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The London Stock Exchange Group has announced plans to launch a new
digital markets business that will enable faster, cheaper, and more
secure transactions by leveraging blockchain technology. This new
platform will not be enabling the trading of cryptocurrencies - rather
it will likely be tokenizing assets like stocks and bonds to allow
ownership to be transferred on blockchain rails. This is yet another
example of a bigger picture trend of real world asset tokenization
that has been playing out over the course of the year. 

CRYPTO CASINO STAKE TARGETED IN REPORTED $40M EXPLOIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/09/04/crypto-casino-stake-targeted-in-reported-40m-exploit/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Australian crypto casino and sportsbook, Stake, was hit with a $40m
exploit involving insecure private keys. Cyvers reported that over
$15m in ETH had been withdrawn from the wallet and another $25m was
moved out across Polygon and Binance Smart Chain bridges. The exploit
appears to be limited to just this wallet, and while a sizable sum was
lost, itâ€™s relatively small for Stake, which generated $2.2B in
revenue in 2022. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

THE WILDCAT PROTOCOL: BANKING, BUT WORSE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/wildcat-finance/wildcat-whitepaper/blob/main/whitepaper_v0.2.pdf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This whitepaper introduces a novel protocol called Wildcat, aimed at
addressing the issues with current undercollateralized lending
protocols that include the choice of underlying assets, the interest
rate methodology, and their usage of middlemen. With a wide range of
unique features, it essentially aims to provide a more flexible
lending protocol for market makers and the broader DeFi ecosystem. 

THE SAFE{CORE} PROTOCOL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-protocol-specs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Safe{Core} Protocol has introduced a new framework for smart
accounts, aiming to reduce fragmentation, vendor lock-in, and security
risks. The open-source protocol includes components such as modules,
registries and accounts to facilitate interoperability, security, and
portability. Development plans include introducing fee mechanisms,
supporting more module types, and enabling cross-chain access. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ERC & EIP STARTER KIT (DUNE DASHBOARD)
[https://dune.com/ilemi/erc-and-eip-starter-kit?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This dashboard contains both a glossary of the most popular Fungible
and Non-Fungible Token standards in the EVM ecosystem and provides
helpful charts and graphs depicting the trends in usage of these
different standards. If you ever get confused by the terms ERC-20,
ERC-721, ERC-4337, ERC-5192, etc. this dashboard can be a helpful
resource to reference. In addition to the overall trends in different
types of contract deployments across the different standards, there
are also helpful charts showing the trending contracts of each token
type. 

TRACKING SENTIMENT VIA LIQUIDITY POOLS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://insights.glassnode.com/the-week-onchain-week-36-2023/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article examines the recent volatility in crypto, using activity
in liquidity pools to get a better understanding of whatâ€™s happening
in the space. Liquidity has been drying up as the market has remained
risk-off. This has been exacerbated before each major negative event
the space has seen as large amounts of capital flowed out of liquidity
pools before those events. The article goes on to interpret sentiment
of the space based on these movements in liquidity. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A STORY ABOUT HOW A SMALL EXCHANGE ACQUISITION PLAYED A BIG PART IN
FTXâ€™S COLLAPSE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/drunduk/status/1698697228460933206?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread is the second part in a story from the founder of a small
crypto exchange that was acquired by FTX in 2021. It tells the story
of the acquisition and explains how this acquisition ultimately played
a big role in FTXâ€™s demise. While there were many other issues that
led to FTXâ€™s undoing, this particular acquisition was what led to CZ
of Binance holding a $2B stack of FTT tokens, which eventually became
the last domino to fall in the implosion of FTX. 

NEW RUSSIAN MALWARE, DUBBED â€˜INFAMOUS CHISEL,â€™ IDENTIFIED
TARGETING BINANCE, COINBASE, AND TRUST WALLETS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/new-russian-malware-dubbed-infamous-chisel-identified-targeting-binance-coinbase-and-trust-wallets/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A new malware called Infamous Chisel has been connected to Sandworm, a
well-known Russian hacker group. This malware particularly targets
mobile crypto wallets such as Binance, Coinbase, and Trust wallets as
well as in-browser wallets like the Brave wallet and Opera Wallet.
While itâ€™s not clear whether this malware has led to any stolen
funds, U.K.â€™s National Cyber Security Centre has confirmed that it
is capable of extracting data from these applications. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

SPECULATION ON SBFâ€™S EXPERIENCE IN JAIL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AutismCapital/status/1698563501764354284?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post provides a summary of a space held by Martin Shkreli and
Jason Lorenzo, two men with firsthand jail experience, explaining what
SBF might be experiencing in jail so far. 

LIDO DOMINANCE PROMPTS WARNINGS ABOUT LIQUID STAKING DERIVATIVES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154804/lido-lsd-liquid-staking-decentralization?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

As Lido continues to inch toward 33% staked ETH market share, debate
has been heating up over whether or not this is a problem for the
protocol and Ethereum as a whole. 

OP STACK ADOPTION IS ON THE RISE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/stacy_muur/status/1698720913842180113?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post gives an overview of the OP stack landscape, lists the
protocols that have built on top of it, and explains how this could
benefit OP as the so-called â€˜Superchainâ€™ 

BINANCE'S HEAD OF PRODUCT DEPARTS AS EXECUTIVE EXODUS GATHERS STEAM (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/09/04/binances-head-of-product-departs/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Another high-profile exec, Global Product Lead Mayur Kamat, has left
Binance. Binance has been losing executives left and right as CZâ€™s
fight with regulators has been heating up. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ecb496c4-4bcc-11ee-8d31-4960187b24b9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693915319&t=1693915520&s=c910dea8ac0172dded614be690ddacb522903b0eb93c5d65f9d6978394aa31af].