# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-08-2023

The founders of Tornado Cash, the scrutinized crypto mixing service,
are facing charges from the US Attorneyâ€™s OfficeÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=157df630-4255-11ee-995b-cdb73b46d315&pt=campaign&t=1692878616&s=632470b18a3363b54dbc6932b96555dad8dd0865f239e390aba63f34d8e75620]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-24

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SOLANA PAY INTEGRATES PLUG-IN WITH SHOPIFY FOR USDC PAYMENTS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/solana-pay-plug-in-with-shopify-for-usdc-payments/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Decentralized payment protocol Solana Pay has integrated with Shopify,
giving shoppers the option to use USDC (and other cryptocurrencies in
the future) for their purchases. Credit card transaction fees are
typically somewhere between 1.5% and 3.5% of a purchase, whereas USDC
payments through Solana Pay can be as low as $0.00025, so there is
actually real incentive for Shopify store owners to leverage this
option. 

TWO FOUNDERS BEHIND RUSSIAN CRYPTO MIXER TORNADO CASH CHARGED BY US
FEDERAL COURTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/two-founders-behind-russian-crypto-mixer-tornado-cash-charged-by-u-s-federal-courts/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The founders of Tornado Cash, the scrutinized crypto mixing service,
are facing charges from the US Attorneyâ€™s Office for alleged money
laundering and sanctions violations. The crypto service, a byproduct
of Zcash's open-source research, has allegedly been used to launder
over $1 billion in assets, some of which were linked to North Korea's
Lazarus Group. This investigation, ongoing since last August when the
regulators declared it illegal for US citizens to interact with
Tornado Cash, has raised questions about responsibility and blame in a
decentralized network, as Tornado Cash runs on immutable smart
contracts. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MEMBRANE FINANCE BRINGS THE FIRST EURO STABLECOIN TO SOLANA â€“ ALONG
WITH CARD PAYMENTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.euroe.com/blog/solana?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

EUROe, a euro stablecoin compliant with the upcoming MiCA regulation,
has expanded to Solana. Digital money app Wirex, which boasts over six
million users, will support EUROe on Solana from day one. EUROe's
integration with Solana creates a native fiat bridge between several
blockchains and traditional finance in hopes of making Solana a more
attractive ecosystem in which to build and transact. 

BASE64 IS A SMART CONTRACT FRAMEWORK FOR TOURNAMENT-BASED PREDICTION
MARKETS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/yugacohler/base64?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Base64, built as part of Baseâ€™s On-Chain Summer Hackathon, creates
on-chain 'power-of-2' tournament prediction markets. It allows users
to compete in on-chain tournament prediction markets, with the outcome
decided by oracle or voting. Potential use cases could be products
within companies like DraftKings and FanDuel. Itâ€™s important to note
that this contract remains unaudited, may be buggy, and could have
legal consequences upon deployment to mainnet. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE ENGINEERâ€™S GUIDE TO BLOCKCHAIN FINALITY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.trailofbits.com/2023/08/23/the-engineers-guide-to-blockchain-finality/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Security researchers have discovered that some applications, like Juno
and Pathfinder, are not checking for finality or are incorrectly doing
so. This opens the door to attack vectors like double spend attacks.
After reporting this issue to the protocols in question, the
researchers put this guide together to discuss their findings,
thoroughly describe finality, and propose an alternative way of
checking for finality. 

WHY NOT TO USE YOUR PROTOCOLâ€™S NATIVE TOKEN AS YOUR ROLLUPâ€™S GAS
TOKEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/KAndrewHuang/status/1694002513534660747?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread cautions against using a rollup protocolâ€™s native token
for gas fees. The process risks creating no net new token demand as
users sell the tokens to cover transaction costs, potentially leading
to the protocol subsidizing rollup usage. Additionally, it can create
issues for interoperability, complicate usersâ€™ token inventories,
and add user-experience hurdles. The thread goes on to suggest
alternatives like buybacks with excess sequencer revenues for more
sustainable demand and stronger incentive alignment. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

OFFCHAIN LABS NOW GIVES YOU THE OPTION TO LAUNCH LOW-FEE CHAINS ON ITS
NETWORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/offchain-arbitrum-developers?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Offchain Labs, the team behind Arbitrum, has launched AnyTrust - a
lower-cost alternative to rollups for developers seeking to launch on
Arbitrum's network. The innovation relies on a Data Availability
Committee, which stores call data temporarily, making transaction
costs for rollups leveraging this option cheaper, with faster
withdrawals. This innovation comes as more protocols are choosing to
launch their chains on top of other stacks like the OP stack instead
of creating their own stack. 

CRYPTO HAS â€˜AMPLIFIED FINANCIAL RISKSâ€™ IN EMERGING MARKETS,
CENTRAL BANKS WARN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/OPeBx?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Global central banks say that cryptocurrency assets have increased
financial risks in less developed economies and should be regulated
like other assets. The Consultative Group of Directors of Financial
Stability urged a quicker, bolder regulatory approach, especially if
crypto assets are more broadly adopted by retail investors. However,
itâ€™s not clear what risks they are referencing here - whether itâ€™s
asset volatility risk or protocol vulnerability risk. Itâ€™s been well
documented that stablecoins have provided a safe haven for individuals
in high-inflation environments, so it seems like it would be difficult
to argue that those assets increase risk. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

FBI SAYS NORTH KOREAN HACKERS PREPARING TO CASH OUT AFTER HIGH-PROFILE
CRYPTO HACKS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/fbi-north-korea-lazarus-crypto/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

According to the FBI, North Korean Hackers have amped up activity
lately and are getting ready to cash out $40m in funds. 

RARIBLE TO CEASE AGGREGATING ORDERS FROM OPENSEA, LOOKSRARE, AND X2Y2
AMID ROYALTY DEBATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246917/rarible-opensea-looksrare-x2y2?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Rarible has decided to stop aggregating NFT marketplaces that are not
enforcing royalties as a show of support for creators. 

DECENTRALIZED SOCIAL MEDIA FARCASTER TO MIGRATE TO OP MAINNET (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246922/decentralized-social-media-farcaster-to-migrate-to-op-mainnet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Farcaster, a decentralized social media protocol, is migrating from
Ethereum to the OP Mainnet L2, enabling permissionless sign-ups and
enhancing platform functionality. 

BNB TOKEN STUMBLES TO 1-YEAR LOW AMID MOUNTING SCRUTINY OVER BINANCE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/08/22/bnb-token-stumbles-to-1-year-low-amid-mounting-scrutiny-over-binance/?utm_term=tldrcrypto]

BNB fell to $204 after reports of Binance potentially violating
Russian sanctions. This is yet another item to add to the litany of
qualms regulators have had with Binance that have also been putting
pressure on the token price. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=157df630-4255-11ee-995b-cdb73b46d315&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692878425&t=1692878616&s=6a7d25673cdcfd91f392543dfe8286fd8b210a44afa0fd2b200e28d907f0ba31].