# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-01-2023

John Ray III, FTXs current CEO, has shared that he is exploring the
possibility of restarting the company.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=632c7d76-98a9-11ed-8b77-7de57642a7eb&pt=campaign&t=1674219959&s=f6943cbd72160ac444ac5684f25cc4fc08e7035d5cd04a2da81dbf0238ca1874]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-20

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

PETER THIEL’S FUND WOUND DOWN 8-YEAR BITCOIN BET BEFORE MARKET CRASH
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/8XLr6#selection-2049.168-2053.187?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Founders Fund, founded by Peter Thiel, closed almost all of its
eight-year bet on crypto just before the market crashed last year. The
San Francisco-based fund made almost $1.8 billion in returns. It no
longer has a significant exposure to cryptocurrencies. Thiel was one
of the earliest mainstream investors to buy large sums of bitcoin. He
was still optimistic about the future of bitcoin in April 2022. 

FTX’S NEW CEO SAYS THERE’S POSSIBILITY FOR EXCHANGE TO RESTART (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/01/19/ftxs-new-ceo-says-theres-possibility-for-exchange-to-restart/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


John Ray III, FTX's current CEO, has shared that he is exploring the
possibility of restarting the company. He is investigating whether
restarting the exchange will help customers and creditors as the
company attempts to return lost funds. FTX debtors have so far
identified around $5.5 billion of liquid assets. The recovery effort
has been difficult and information about the recovered funds is
subject to change. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CHINA LAUNCHES SMART CONTRACT FUNCTIONALITY ON DIGITAL YUAN THROUGH
E-COMMERCE APP MEITUAN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/01/19/china-launches-smart-contract-functionality-on-cbdc-through-e-commerce-app-meituan/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=rss&utm_campaign=headlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


China has enabled smart-contract functionality for its central bank
digital currency through the e-commerce app Meituan. Users who place
orders through Meituan have a chance to win a daily share of 8,888 RMB
into their digital yuan wallets. The smart contract searches for
keywords in transactions and sends a share of the prize to customers
if they qualify. China's digital yuan accounted for 0.13% of the total
circulating RMB at the end of 2022. 

1INCH LAUNCHES MULTI-COIN HARDWARE WALLET (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/1inch-launches-multi-coin-hadware-wallet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


1inch is launching a multi-coin hardware wallet later this year. It is
being developed by an independent and dedicated team within the
company. The device is fully airgapped. It processes transactions
through QR codes and NFC. 450,000 bitcoins were moved to cold storage
in 2022. A picture of 1inch's new wallet is available in the article. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN INTERVIEW WITH HASEEB, A MANAGING PARTNER AT DRAGONFLY (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/milesdeutscher/status/1615684807157248004]


This Twitter thread has a list of 12 takeaways from an alpha-packed
interview with Haseeb from Dragonfly. It links to short excerpts from
the 73-minute-long interview. The interview discusses the future of
layer 1s and layer 2s, the top three narratives for 2023, Bitcoin, and
Ethereum. 

DECENTRALIZED PHYSICAL INFRASTRUCTURE NETWORKS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/Old_Samster/status/1616111274986991616] 

Decentralized Physical Infrastructure networks (DePIN) use token
rewards to coordinate and incentivize individuals to deploy and
operate physical infrastructure and hardware networks. The market for
DePINs is projected to reach $3.5 trillion by 2028. There are four
categories of DePINs: Server Networks, Wireless Networks, Sensor
Networks, and Energy Networks. This Twitter thread covers the
different types of DePINs. A link to a full report on DePINs by
Messari, which includes a look at key infrastructure events and an
asset screener, is available. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

CRYPTO PUBLICATION COINDESK HIRES LAZARD TO EXPLORE SALE AS CRISIS
DEEPENS AT PARENT COMPANY DCG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/01/18/coindesk-engages-lazard-to-explore-sale-as-dcg-crisis-grows.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


CoinDesk has hired advisors at Lazard to explore options to remove it
from Digital Currency Group. CoinDesk was the first to break the story
about potential balance sheet issues at Alameda Research. The report
sparked a downward spiral at FTX that led to the company's demise.
FTX's collapse has affected Genesis, which is also owned by DCG.
Genesis is considering bankruptcy. It is also currently the subject of
an SEC charge. 

SOARING GROWTH OF ETHEREUM LAYER-2 NETWORKS SET TO CONTINUE IN 2023 (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/soaring-growth-of-ethereum-layer-2-networks-set-to-continue-in-2023?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The explosive growth that Ethereum layer 2 networks had over the past
couple of months is set to continue in 2023. Leading layer 2 networks
have seen an increase in daily active users, resulting in more income
for each ecosystem. The total value locked in layer 2s is now $4.89
billion, with an increase of 10% over the past week. There is
currently greater demand and momentum for layer 2 networks than DeFi. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

LSDS GATHER MOJO AS EULER LISTS STAKED ETH AS COLLATERAL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/lsds-gather-mojo-as-euler-lists-staked-eth-as-collateral?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Euler Finance listed cbETH, a staking instrument offered by Coinbase,
as a collateral asset on Wednesday. 

CROSS-CHAIN MESSAGING CAN BLOW OPEN INTEROPERABILITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/cross-chain-messaging-can-blow-open-interoperability?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Messaging protocols are more powerful than standalone bridges as
tokens don't actually have to be moved and they also allow arbitrary
data and payloads to move between different blockchains. 

REVOLUT ‘ASSESSING THE BEST TIME’ FOR NATIVE REVCOIN LAUNCH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119562/revolut-assessing-best-time-native-revcoin-launch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Revcoin will function as an exchange token but it won't be a
stablecoin. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=632c7d76-98a9-11ed-8b77-7de57642a7eb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674219639&t=1674219959&s=34839990ed95dadeaac666386b14e436098bcf47ff3d43e58a491960cde44f86].


 