# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-12-2023

Several dapps using Ledger’s wallet connector kit faced security
breaches yesterday  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-12-15

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 LEDGER PATCHES VULNERABILITY AFTER MULTIPLE DAPPS USING CONNECTOR
LIBRARY WERE COMPROMISED (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Several dapps using Ledger’s wallet connector kit faced security
breaches yesterday. This included platforms like SushiSwap, Zapper,
Phantom, Balancer, and Revoke.cash. Ledger later announced that the
malicious code had been replaced with an updated, safe version of the
code. Applications across the crypto ecosystem were vulnerable to this
exploit, so it created quite a scare in the space. Fortunately, the
attacker only got away with ~$600k in stolen funds, which were later
frozen by Tether. 

 GENSLER SAYS SEC'S 'NEW LOOK' AT SPOT BITCOIN ETF APPLICATIONS HAS
INVOLVED RECENT COURT RULINGS (2 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 The SEC is reportedly reconsidering spot bitcoin ETF applications in
light of recent court rulings, according to SEC Chair Gary Gensler.
The reconsideration comes on the heels of a court order requiring a
review of Grayscale Investment's bid for a spot bitcoin ETF. In
addition to Grayscale, over a dozen applications from major firms like
BlackRock and Fidelity are currently under review. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 INTRODUCING: SOLANA’S ZK ANCHOR IT’S AN EXTENSION OF ANCHOR LANG
SUPERCHARGED FOR ZK (1 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Solana has launched its ZK Anchor, a significant step in its path to
Mainnet. It is an Anchor Language extension designed for ZK or
Zero-Knowledge obfuscation. Features include a DSL with macros for
zk-circuit generation, a command-line interface for building and
testing private Solana programs, and an RPC node for interacting with
Light Protocol. 

 ASTRIA EVM: AN EVM ROLLUP POWERED BY THE SHARED SEQUENCER NETWORK (1
MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Astria has introduced the Astria EVM, a symbolic virtual machine
rollup powered by a shared sequencer network, aimed at serving as
Celestia's activity center. Overcoming existing EVM limitations, it
incorporates fast and reliable block production. Currently live on the
Dusknet-2 devnet, the EVM has been integrated into Dora's multichain
search engine. Astria is inviting developers to test the protocol out
while on devnet. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 WHEN TO SELL YOUR BLOCKS (10 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This post discusses proposer-builder separation auctions,
specifically comparing early auctions to just-in-time ones like
MEV-Boost. Early auctions sell the right to produce a block prior to
its creation. The post paints potential bidders as dominant CEX-DEX
arbitrageurs due to high capital requirements, risk management, and
less information during early auctions. The impact on users could be
beneficial, with features like pre-confirmations, or potentially
negative, with challenges like monopoly pricing. Ultimately though,
the benefits of early auctions over JIT ones remain unclear. 

 BUILDING IN THE DARK: MAPPING THE CURRENT CRYPTO PRIVACY LANDSCAPE
(10 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This article lays out how current application builders in the crypto
space are focusing on solutions that prioritize privacy as data breach
concerns continue to grow. New app challengers are rising with
privacy-first options, like encrypted messaging apps. The article also
presents a detailed comparison among popular privacy technologies
including Trusted Execution Environments, Zero Knowledge, Multi-party
Computation, and Fully Homomorphic Encryption, each with its own pros
and cons. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE FUTURE OF DIGITAL IDENTITY (5 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This article analyzes the impact of cryptographic technologies like
ZK, FHE, MPC, and TEEs on the digital identity landscape. It delves
into how the self-custody of personal data and attestation could
change with these technologies. The piece also acknowledges challenges
in standardizing these fast-developing technologies but envisions a
future with decentralized control of digital identities. It concludes
by highlighting research areas concerning digital identity, primarily
privacy and inclusivity. 

 ORACLES AND THE NEW FRONTIER FOR APPLICATION-OWNED ORDERFLOW AUCTIONS
(8 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This post from Multicoin lays out the firm’s thesis on Pyth
Network, an oracle protocol on Solana. While it focuses on Pyth, the
analysis can be broadly applied to the oracle landscape in general.
Its uniqueness lies within its first-party data, which is directly
provided by market makers and trading desks instead of third-party
aggregators. This results in less latent, high-quality data brought
on-chain. Launched in 2021, Pyth currently delivers data to over 45
different chains and is responsible for securing over $1.7B in value
across many prominent protocols in the crypto industry. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 AN ALTERNATIVE TO LEDGER (4 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 In the wake of yesterday’s Ledger exploit, many were left
evaluating switching to alternative cold wallets. This post describes
one novel solution, called Grid+. 

 J1MMY.ETH ONCE MINTED 420 BORED APES… AND HAD NFTS WORTH $150M (11
MINUTE READ) [14] 

 This interview with Jimmy McNelis, aka j1mmy.eth, tells the story of
a prolific NFT collector who played a big role in the on-chain PFP
project and IP rights for holders movements. It also touches on his
impressive NFT collecting history. 

 CRACKING THE CODE: UNVEILING THE DECEPTIVE ‘ANGEL DRAINER’
PHISHING GANG (8 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 "Drainer'' phishing gangs like Angel Drainer emerged in 2022,
executing sophisticated DNS hijacking attacks on platforms like
Balancer and Galxe, stealing millions in assets. This group is
suspected to have been connected to the Ledger exploit. 

 LAYERZERO: THE LANGUAGE OF THE OMNICHAIN (50 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 This post from Not Boring gives a good overview of LayerZero and the
protocol’s history and roadmap. 

WANT THE BEST OF TLDR? 🏆

Refer a friend to TLDR Crypto using the referral link below, and we
will send you the TLDR Hall of Fame, our 50 best stories of all time!

YOUR REFERRAL LINK - https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930 [17]

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=2b160f52-9b36-11ee-846b-61ed7fcb7ca8&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1702645400&amp;s=4f6b5d7e18e5ceb5f5e5d208b07156f13e20d89e18b8bee1ca5ab2dbc28e5993
[5] https://cointelegraph.com/news/multiple-dapps-using-ledger-connector-compromised?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.theblock.co/post/267720/gensler-says-secs-new-look-at-spot-bitcoin-etf-applications-has-involved-recent-court-rulings?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://twitter.com/LightProtocol/status/1735350322627772596?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/AstriaOrg/status/1735374705690067045?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://collective.flashbots.net/t/when-to-sell-your-blocks/2814?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://variant.fund/articles/building-dark-mapping-crypto-privacy-landscape/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://dcbuilder.mirror.xyz/myIlus8pl6SbyuUR4ufGf9OYRps8hCGqeZHNYce3i94?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://bit.ly/4azSBjF
[13] https://twitter.com/graildoteth/status/1735217924174954761?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://cointelegraph.com/magazine/j1mmy-eth-minted-420-bored-apes-nfts-worth-150m-nft-creator/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://slowmist.medium.com/cracking-the-code-unveiling-the-deceptive-angel-drainer-phishing-gang-proactive-strategies-to-3ade2bbfd45c?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://www.notboring.co/p/layerzero-the-language-of-the-omnnichain?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=2b160f52-9b36-11ee-846b-61ed7fcb7ca8&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1702645219&amp;t=1702645400&amp;s=6cce7846fbd43b85e1b1cff65d7cec9cf5b7896e46891e6651751b2b2c733698