# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-06-2023

Fidelity, the third-largest global asset manager, is rumored to be
planning a big move in the crypto markets.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=19bd1042-0f4b-11ee-893f-83c5e974dbb9&pt=campaign&t=1687263043&s=f6138f9ce37299ea4fa36050542364aa54fa766eba2f03c20306914f158e199d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-20

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FIDELITY RUMORED TO MAKE ‚ÄúSEISMIC‚Äù CRYPTO MOVE SOON (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/fidelity-rumored-to-make-seismic-crypto-move-soon/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Fidelity, the third-largest global asset manager, is rumored to be
planning a big move in the crypto markets. This could involve either
buying out Grayscale or filing an application for a Bitcoin spot ETF.
Such a move, along with BlackRock's recent filing of a Bitcoin spot
ETF application, could position these firms to dominate the US digital
asset space. Grayscale, which operates several cryptocurrency trusts,
has been unsuccessful in its attempts to convert its Bitcoin Trust
into a spot Bitcoin ETF due to regulatory obstacles. 

UK CRYPTO, STABLECOIN LAWS APPROVED BY PARLIAMENT'S UPPER HOUSE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/06/19/uk-crypto-stablecoin-laws-approved-by-parliaments-upper-house/?utm_soruce=tldr_crypto]

The UK Parliament has approved the Financial Services and Markets
Bill, which could help set a regulatory framework for the country.
Introduced to leverage post-Brexit freedoms and empower regulators
over the UK financial system, the bill is now entering its final
stages before enactment. While the bill initially proposed to regulate
stablecoins, amendments to cover all crypto activities and supervise
promotions were later included. With the bill's approval, specific
rules for the crypto sector could arrive within a year, as the UK
seeks to align with the EU's crypto regulations. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BNB CHAIN LAUNCHES EVM-COMPATIBLE LAYER 2 NETWORK OPBNB ON TESTNET (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/235401/bnb-chain-opbnb-testnet-evm-compatible?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

BNB Chain has launched an L2 network, opBNB, on testnet. opBNB is
based on the Optimism OP Stack, uses optimistic rollups, and aims to
enhance transaction speed and lower fees. In comparison to BNB Smart
Chain's 2,000 tps and average cost of $0.109 per transaction, opBNB is
expected to support over 4,000 tps and cost less than $0.005 per
transaction. The EVM-compatible nature of opBNB will allow for
seamless interaction with Ethereum-based applications. OpBNB‚Äôs
mainnet is anticipated to launch in the third quarter of this year. 

ETHEREUM SCANNER ETHERSCAN ADDS OPENAI-BASED TOOL TO ANALYZE SMART
CONTRACT SOURCE CODE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/06/19/ethereum-scanner-etherscan-adds-openai-based-tool-to-analyze-smart-contract-source-code/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Ethereum blockchain explorer Etherscan has introduced an AI tool to
help users understand smart contract source code. Developed using
OpenAI's technology, the tool allows users to query the entirety or
parts of a smart contract's code and understand the "read" and "write"
functions of the contract. This allows users to make better decisions
when interacting with the contracts and understand how to use these
contracts in their applications. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TO BREAK INTO WEB3 (WHILE WORKING FULL-TIME JOB) (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.bytes032.xyz/p/how-to-break-into-web3-while-working-full-time-job?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog explains from a firsthand account how to get into web3 while
working a demanding full-time job. Key lessons learned in this process
included identifying a reason or purpose for the career change,
setting clear and achievable goals, and structuring daily routines to
maximize efficiency. Staying focused on one learning journey and
contest at a time helped this engineer manage his workload, and
acknowledging that everyone's journey is different allowed him to take
inspiration from others without trying to mimic them. 

FUNGIBLE - AN ARTHUR HAYES ESSAY (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.substack.com/p/fungible?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In this essay, Hayes examines the US financial system, discussing why
long-term bonds continue to be held in portfolios despite low returns.
He discusses the difference between the behaviors of the "mass
affluent" and the "extremely wealthy," and how capital's fungibility
supports crypto despite regulatory uncertainties. He also highlights
the ongoing trade war between China and Japan and its potential to
boost crypto. Despite uncertainties around regulations and market
downturns, Hayes has high conviction and sees the potential
devaluation of the Chinese Yuan as a catalyst for crypto. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS CONSIDER RAISING MAX VALIDATOR LIMIT FROM 32 TO
2,048 ETH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/235386/ethereum-developers-consider-raising-validator-limit-from-32-to-2048-eth?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Ethereum core developers are contemplating increasing the maximum
validator balance from 32 ETH to 2,048 ETH, while the minimum would
remain at 32 ETH. This change would help larger node operators manage
their resources more efficiently and provide auto-compounding
validator rewards, boosting staking yields. However, it also carries
risks such as higher penalties for errors. Currently, the network has
600,000 active validators and 90,000 more waiting for activation. If
this proposal were to go through, it would decrease the count of
individual validator nodes running, giving a more accurate picture of
the number of entities actually staking. 

COMMENTARY ON UPCOMING DEBATE ABOUT STABLECOINS VS. TOKENIZED DEPOSITS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1670806564012261379.html]

A debate is set to occur among financial institutions like the Bank of
England, JPMorgan, and the Monetary Authority of Singapore on the
topic of stablecoins vs tokenized bank deposits. Contrary to the
commonly held view that stablecoins are riskier, this thread
previewing the debate suggests that tokenized deposits may carry more
risk due to their fractional reserve models. Further, it's argued that
the future of stablecoins could likely incorporate aspects of
tokenized deposits and Treasury Bills as the market strives to deliver
perceived stability and increased yield. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW WE RESCUED FUNDS FROM A BRICKED SAFE WITH EIP-1271 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/yearn-finance-engineering.eth/pqWg0IXZI93NV50scPh0qy-nc0SmqFYTHufc2Tw85GU?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Yearn's "yTrades" multisig contract was recently compromised, leading
to an unusable Gnosis Safe and trapping about $1M in assets. The
situation was resolved using EIP-1271, leaving all user funds
completely intact. 

GOBLINTOWN IP FEATURED IN POPULAR ‚ÄúONLY UP‚Äù VIDEO GAME (43 MINUTE
VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBVKqcsWyjE?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

"Only Up!" is a narrative-driven adventure game on Steam that has
gained a lot of popularity recently. Most notably, the game uses
Goblintown NFT IP in various places throughout the map. 

HE WENT AFTER CRYPTO COMPANIES. THEN SOMEONE CAME AFTER HIM. (20
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/V2XFt?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In 2022, successful cryptocurrency litigator Kyle Roche was secretly
recorded discussing his potentially unethical relationship with client
Ava Labs during a business meeting. The recordings, later released,
insinuated Roche had manipulated cases for Ava Labs' benefit. This led
to lawsuits, a damaged reputation, and Roche's resignation from his
own firm. 

EXPECT ‚ÄòTRIPLE-A CONSOLE-STYLE‚Äô WEB3 GAMES IN 2024 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/144941/animoca-brands-ceo-robby-yung-expect-triple-a-console-style-web3-games-in-2024?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Animoca Brands CEO Robby Yung is predicting a shift towards triple-A
console-style games in the web3 gaming space is around the corner. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=19bd1042-0f4b-11ee-893f-83c5e974dbb9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687262423&t=1687263043&s=e9fe6e949133efb536dbcb65d6adccdfd7e6259502cce64e6ff8abf20bf1f4af].