# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-08-2023

Coinbase has acquired a stake in Circle, dissolving the Centre
Consortium which issues the USDC stablecoin.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c36ee09a-40d1-11ee-ba7f-27320badc537&pt=campaign&t=1692705880&s=d5567cf6ebf87f39cc22a593be0f40586b450ce863d3296bfec6efcef0881772]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-22

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE BUYS STAKE IN CIRCLE, DISSOLVING USDC ISSUER CENTRE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/153229/coinbase-buys-stake-circle-dissolving-usdc-centre?utm_soure=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase has acquired a stake in Circle, dissolving the Centre
Consortium which issues the USDC stablecoin. Now, Circle will continue
independently as the sole issuer of USDC. Revenue from interest on the
dollar reserves backing USDC will now be split equally between the two
companies. Circle also plans to launch USDC on six additional
blockchains by the end of October. This is yet another example of
Coinbase‚Äôs shift away from trading commission revenue toward a
diversified revenue mix. 

FRIEND.TECH RENAMES ITS TOKEN‚ÄîBUT IS IT EVEN LEGAL? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/153287/friend-tech-shares-renamed-keys-securities?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Friend.tech has captured the attention of the crypto world and
mainstream influencers alike, generating over $3 million in fees over
the past week. However, the app, still in beta, originally used the
term ‚Äúshares‚Äù to refer to the token you bought to gain access to
user chat rooms. The term is almost always used to refer to ownership
in companies, so it could potentially mislead users and easily raise
red flags for regulators, something many people called attention to.
In light of this, the app, still gaining steam, has recoined the term
for access to user chat rooms as ‚Äúkeys‚Äù. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OMAN‚ÄôS MTCIT UNVEILS MASSIVE $350 MILLION BITCOIN MINING FACILITY IN
SALALAH FREE ZONE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cryptopolitan.com/omans-mtcit-unveils-massive-350-million-bitcoin-mining-facility-in-salalah-free-zone/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Oman has unveiled a new, $350 million Bitcoin mining facility in the
Salalah Free Zone. The Ministry of Transport, Communications, and
Information Technology initiated the project, aiming to establish Oman
as a leading global mining hub. Overseen by Exahertz International,
the facility is expected to create new jobs and make significant
strides in the local economy. Additionally, a similar project has
kicked off in Kyrgyzstan, using hydroelectric power for mining
operations. 

SILO LLAMA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/silo-protocol/announcing-silo-llama-1f497915a24e?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Silo Finance has launched Silo Llama, utilizing $crvUSD as its sole
bridge asset. It allows $crvUSD lenders to lend or borrow against any
token asset, with increased capital efficiency, yield opportunities,
and utility. The protocol uses a risk-isolated design, ensuring
depositor security and allowing lenders to control their risk
exposure. The interest rate model is adjustable depending on the
collateral's risk, ensuring fair compensation. The product is now live
with various silos including $CRV, $LINK, $rETH, and $OHM. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE SOLANA READING LIST: CURATED LIST OF USEFUL SOLANA RESOURCES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mertimus.com/p/the-solana-reading-list?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The bear market is a great time to research different chains and
protocols and form new theses or strategies for a potential bull
market. This reading list is a fantastic resource to get started with
if you‚Äôre doing this and Solana is one of the chains you‚Äôre
wanting to learn more about. From a broad overview to historical
context to technical topics, this list is everything you need to know
to get a feel for Solana. 

DIVING INTO PROGRAM VERIFICATION WITH ZKPROOFS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/bkiepuszewski/status/1693289010020466940?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

How do zkProofs work and what do they look like on-chain? zkProofs can
be an intimidating and confusing topic but seeing how they actually
function makes it more intuitive. This thread takes a deep dive on
this topic and tracks a Worldcoin zk Verifier transaction, where
instead of submitting thousands of ids on chain, the protocol submits
a smaller zkProof. It then explains how to check the Verification Key
for this transaction. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BEING ONBRAND, ONCHAIN (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/collab-currency/being-onboard-onchain-4d0f78e4bfc7?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article from the Collab + Currency team examines whether brands'
ventures into web3 so far have been successful. Brands such as Tiffany
& Co, Reddit, and DraftKings have been experimenting with
blockchain-based initiatives like NFT collections and avatar
collectibles. Some of these brands are missing the mark, while others
are capitalizing on web3's potential to foster culture and community,
an area where traditional brands have been constrained. The article
goes on to explain that beyond the tech, this is one of the most
important benefits of crypto for brands. 

WHY CRYPTO COULD 10X IN THE COMING YEARS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/rektdiomedes/status/1693549936464568714?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread outlines 10 reasons why crypto has the potential for a 10x
in the coming years, pointing to factors like the rise of stablecoins,
growing institutional adoption, advancements in financial technology,
increasing societal use of crypto, and a consistent influx of
intellectual capital into the crypto space. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SOLO MINER BAGS ENTIRE BLOCK REWARD WITH JUST 1PH OF POWER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/lucky-solo-miner?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In a feat that statistically would happen only once in 450 years, a
solo miner with 1 petahash of power astoundingly won a 6.25 bitcoin
block reward worth $162,000. 

RECUR TO SHUT DOWN LESS THAN TWO YEARS AFTER RAISING $50 MILLION IN
SERIES A (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246477/recur-to-shut-down-less-than-two-years-after-raising-50-million-in-series-a?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

NFT platform Recur is shutting down after raising $50 million in
Series A less than 2 years ago. Despite previous success, "unforeseen
challenges" led to its closure amid a stagnant NFT market. 

ENTERING THE ‚ÄòCRYPTO APP PHASE‚Äô (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/redphonecrypto/status/1693684166875849150?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread explains how we‚Äôve entered into a new phase in crypto,
transitioning from hardcore DeFi usage to crypto apps. There is now a
minimum viable set of infrastructure available that makes it possible
to build consumer apps with decent UX. 

COIN CENTER RESPONDS TO US LAWMAKERS‚Äô REQUEST FOR CRYPTO TAX
GUIDANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/coin-center-responds-lawmakers-request-crypto-tax-guidance?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coin Center is suggesting US lawmakers adjust crypto tax laws,
emphasizing de minimis exemptions, privacy concerns, and clearer
definitions. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c36ee09a-40d1-11ee-ba7f-27320badc537&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692705678&t=1692705880&s=70612387c48420fb9852eb69e4aed6504a4eb5088e0626ee62c344f157e9c0cc].