# Articles TLDR Crypto 12-04-2023

Bitcoin has finally broken and is holding above $30,000  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c362e54-d908-11ed-a9a1-15f8ae5fd926&pt=campaign&t=1681301267&s=6935c0cfd2b34ced0d23d52e8c45b635eea8dba7f81904cca950172dd9500602]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-04-12

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

HONG KONG’S FINANCE CHIEF PUSHES FOR WEB3 ADOPTION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/hong-kong-pushes-web3-adoption?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Hong Kong's Financial Secretary, Paul Chan Mo-po, has called for web3
adoption while many regulators across the world are doing the
opposite. Even in the midst of a tumultuous bear market, he is
emphasizing the importance of proper regulation and promoting
development. As such, Hong Kong plans to introduce a licensing system
for virtual asset service providers in June. The government will host
the "2023 Digital Economy Summit" on April 13-14, featuring speakers
from large tech companies and Hong Kong officials. Education and
awareness around web3 are growing in the region, and Chan Mo-po
believes that technological innovation, practical application, and
value creation will improve the real economy. 

BITCOIN HOLDS FIRM ABOVE $30K, ETHER HOVERS NEAR $1.9K AHEAD OF CPI,
SHAPELLA UPGRADE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/04/11/bitcoin-holds-firm-above-30k-ether-hovers-near-19k-ahead-of-cpi-shapella-upgrade/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bitcoin has finally broken and is holding above $30,000 as investors
look toward the U.S. CPI report and Ethereum's Shapella upgrade.
Analysts are expecting the March CPI to have cooled off from prior
months, and some traders speculate that a lower CPI could give the
Federal Reserve a reason to pause rate hikes, potentially benefiting
Bitcoin. Open interest in Bitcoin perps reached its highest daily
growth since October, which could foreshadow some form of volatility.
Meanwhile, Ethereum's Shapella upgrade is expected to go live,
allowing validators to withdraw long-locked-up ETH from the Beacon
Chain. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BRC-721 - A METADATA STANDARD FOR BTC ORDINALS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/otterolie/status/1645497376990273539?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


BRC-721 is a metadata standard for BTC ordinals that aims to
standardize different aspects of ordinals, such as grouping items into
collections, to accelerate development. The standard will enable
marketplaces to identify collections more easily and reveal metadata
directly from the chain. BRC-721 supports collections, introduces a
post-reveal mechanism for metadata, and streamlines Ordinal
collections creation without upfront payment requirements, and an API
implementation is even planned. While 1 million Bitcoin Ordinal
inscriptions have been created, buying and selling remains complex
compared to Ethereum NFT transactions, so this standard could help the
ecosystem develop more user-friendly experiences. 

LENDING PLATFORM MAPLE PREPARES NEW U.S. TREASURY POOL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/11/lending-platform-maple-prepares-new-us-treasury-pool-mpl-token-rises-23/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Maple Finance is set to launch a lending pool made up of U.S. Treasury
bonds, according to CEO Sidney Powell. The company is also planning a
community vote on new tokenomics and utility for its native token,
MPL. Maple Finance is coming back from a challenging year in crypto
lending, with a significant decrease in total value locked and a drop
in the MPL token's value. To rebuild, the platform released an
upgraded version and started a new tax receivables lending pool. The
new U.S. Treasury Bond pool will enable accredited investors and
corporate treasuries to invest stablecoins in these U.S. Treasuries,
while Maple works on expanding its lending offerings. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

2023 STATE OF CRYPTO REPORT - OVERVIEW (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/content/article/state-of-crypto-report-2023/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The 2023 State of Crypto report reveals a quite healthy industry -
despite what market prices might indicate - when it comes to ongoing
innovation and development. The State of Crypto Index tracks the
health of the crypto sector based on technology, not finances. Key
takeaways include: more active users on blockchains with diverse
engagement options, a resurgence of DeFi and NFT activity, a steady
number of active developers, scaling through innovative methods, rapid
advancement in zero-knowledge systems, the U.S. losing its web3 lead,
and long-term progress in key indicators. This summary provides a good
overview of the full report, which you can dive into for more detail
on all these different areas. 

SHANGHAI SHAKEOUT - ANALYZING ETH’S TECHNICALS AND ON-CHAIN DATA
GOING INTO SHANGHAI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/shanghai-shakeout?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Approximately $33.5 billion worth of ETH will be unlocked following
the Shanghai upgrade today. Previously, staking ETH was
one-directional with no option to unstake, but the upgrade allows
stakers to finally withdraw or sell their ETH. This massive influx of
supply has been perceived as bearish by some due to potential sell
pressure. However, the article argues that the Shanghai unlock isn't
as bearish as believed due to withdrawal limits, market-priced
selling, and strong technical and on-chain fundamentals. The bearish
arguments also ignore the fact that over 40% of ETH is already liquid
through liquid staking derivatives, so a large portion of the supply
could have already been sold or liquidated by stakers. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

BANKS ARE CLOSING CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS, WITH LITTLE EXPLANATION (12
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/rTvaY?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Banks are taking a harder look than ever at customers' transactions
due to increased fraudulent activity during the pandemic. Financial
institutions filed 1.4 million Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) in
2021, 70% higher than in 2014. However, a 2018 study found that only
4% of SARs warranted follow-up from law enforcement. The rise in
account closures has caused significant disruption to customers,
leading to twice as many complaints about closures in 2021 compared to
2017. Increasingly, those who have crypto activity into and out of
their banks have been targets of these closures. 

THE MAKING OF BINANCE’S CZ: AN EXCLUSIVE LOOK AT THE FORCES THAT
SHAPED CRYPTO’S MOST POWERFUL FOUNDER (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/X8w0g?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Changpeng Zhao, the founder of Binance, the world's largest and most
influential cryptocurrency exchange, has a dual persona: the affable,
mild-mannered individual and the tough executive. Zhao's business
practices have put him under scrutiny as governments, including the
U.S., accuse Binance of deception and violating international
sanctions and money-laundering rules. Binance now claims to prioritize
compliance. Zhao's background, including experiences in Canada and
China, have contributed to his ability to navigate the cutthroat early
years of China's tech scene while maintaining a friendly,
non-threatening public image. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

HELPFUL OPEN-SOURCE TOOLING FROM A16Z (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/eddylazzarin/status/1645524017720467456?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In addition to being a prolific investor in the space, a16z also has a
talented team of engineers and others with technical expertise. They
leverage this talent to build helpful open-source tools for anyone to
use. Some of the tools highlighted in this thread include libraries
for private airdrops, new social networks, and light clients. 

MORE BITCOIN THAN EVER IS NOW ‘DORMANT’—HERE’S WHAT THAT MEANS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/126006/more-bitcoin-than-ever-is-now-dormant-heres-what-that-means?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Over 53% of all Bitcoins, worth around $309 billion, haven't moved in
over two years, reaching a new all-time high, according to Glassnode.
This could be due to the fact that through the volatility of the
market, those with high time preferences have sold their coins to
those with lower time preferences that are able to hold through the
volatility. 

SEC IS ADDING ATTORNEYS TO CRYPTO ENFORCEMENT UNIT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/04/11/us-sec-adding-attorneys-to-crypto-enforcement-unit-signals-continued-crackdown/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The SEC is adding general attorneys for its Crypto Asset and Cyber
Unit to conduct investigations and enforce federal securities laws,
amid a crackdown on the crypto industry under Chairman Gary Gensler. 

ROBERT F. KENNEDY JR. JOINS RON DESANTIS IN RAILING AGAINST CBDCS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/125904/robert-f-kennedy-jr-ron-desantis-cbdcs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Robert F. Kennedy Jr has joined Florida Governor Ron DeSantis in
expressing serious concerns about CBDCs, claiming they could lead to
financial slavery, political tyranny, and threaten privacy rights. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c362e54-d908-11ed-a9a1-15f8ae5fd926&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681300821&t=1681301267&s=00e47edff32943b250dba7cb1d12f075907d3710d7f30d75ff59934f1dee9cb5].


 