# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-09-2023

SEC Chair Gary Gensler faced criticism from lawmakers regarding his
crypto regulation approach during a House hearingÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e46cf0f0-5de3-11ee-a0ec-4bdfd7fcb65a&pt=campaign&t=1695902718&s=06da8c619664297a0d3b45c20691b97c5d45288aeca078a2ae6de37f3ae7ebec]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-28

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GENSLER TAKES HEAT FROM LAWMAKERS OVER HIS APPROACH TO REGULATING
CRYPTO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253305/gensler-takes-heat-from-lawmakers-over-his-approach-to-regulating-crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

SEC Chair Gary Gensler faced criticism from lawmakers regarding his
crypto regulation approach during a House hearing. He was questioned
about the classification of bitcoin, how that compared to other assets
like Pokemon cards, and the approval of bitcoin ETFs. Lawmakers also
expressed concerns over Gensler's transparency with Congress,
especially regarding interactions with crypto exchange FTX. 

CRYPTO EXCHANGE KRAKEN PLANS TO OFFER TRADING IN US-LISTED STOCKS (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/lUMyW?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Cryptocurrency exchange Kraken is reportedly planning to offer trading
of US-listed stocks and ETFs, a first in the company's history.
Launching via a new division, Kraken Securities, the service aims to
go live in 2024. The move positions Kraken to compete with players
like Robinhood and Public.com in the zero-commission market. While the
"crypto winter" likely pushed Kraken to pursue this new product line,
the company has still managed to grow its market share on the crypto
side despite the brutal market conditions. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

GEVULOT (6 MINUTE READ) [https://www.gevulot.com/introducing-gevulot/]

Gevulot is a fully permissionless and programmable layer 1 blockchain
for deploying proof systems as on-chain programs. It features high
liveness guarantees, predictable fees, and performance to match
centralized provers. Gevulot allows users to deploy proof systems and
interact with them as easily as they would with a smart contract. 

CHAINLINK EXTENDS CROSS-CHAIN PROTOCOL TO COINBASEâ€™S BASE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/198926/chainlink-extends-cross-chain-protocol-to-coinbases-base?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Chainlink has expanded its Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol to
Base, enabling increased cross-chain communication between this
up-and-coming chain and others supported by CCIP. With the inclusion
of CCIP, developers can create applications that can communicate and
execute transactions across multiple blockchains. The move is another
step in Chainlinkâ€™s plan to boost blockchain interoperability and
utilization. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY IS FULLY HOMOMORPHIC ENCRYPTION THE NEXT BIG THING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/0xidanlevin/status/1706770995753918765?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Fully Homomorphic Encryption (FHE), a cutting-edge cryptography method
that enables computations on encrypted data, could revolutionize
blockchain development. The technology allows transactions to leave a
user's wallet encrypted, providing end-to-end encryption for the first
time in web3. A team at Fhenix announced it is developing the first
FHE-based blockchain, supported by a seed funding round led by
ColliderVC and Multicoin Capital. 

THE OPEN NETWORK (TON) IS USHERING IN A NEW ERA OF DECENTRALIZED
INTERNET INFRASTRUCTURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ReveloIntel/status/1706726203900805529]

TON's recent sudden surge in price took many by surprise. TON is
building a decentralized internet infrastructure that comprises four
key components: the TON Blockchain, TON DNS, TON Storage, and TON
Sites. Its ecosystem has over 800 million users worldwide. This thread
looks at TON, the history behind the token, and why its potential
shouldn't be underestimated. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE BARRIER TO MAINSTREAM CRYPTO ADOPTION ISNâ€™T UX â€” ITâ€™S
PRODUCT-MARKET FIT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/09/26/the-barrier-to-mainstream-crypto-adoption-isnt-ux-its-product-market-fit/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Critics argue the adoption of crypto is delayed by issues with UX.
However, Li Jin, co-founder of Variant, argues that the real issue is
the lack of products people genuinely want, indicating a missing
product-market fit. Jin calls for crypto creators to build products
that satisfy a wider variety of human needs, not solely financial
ones. They believe this will facilitate wider adoption of crypto and
create a richer online experience. 

SEC BEGINS CONSIDERATION OF FRANKLIN, HASHDEX CRYPTO ETFS, DELAYS
DECISION ON VANECK, ARK ETHER ETFS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/09/27/sec-begins-consideration-of-franklin-hashdex-crypto-etfs-delays-decision-on-vaneck-ark-ether-etfs/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC is evaluating filings for spot crypto ETFs from Franklin
Templeton and Hashdex. It has delayed decisions on VanEck's and
ARKâ€™s ether ETF applications. The regulator has until late May 2024
to rule on these applications. It has also postponed deadlines for
spot bitcoin ETF submissions from Ark 21Shares and Global X. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

RUNE SHOP: A POSSIBLY VALID MINTER FOR RUNES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/shrdlu2/rune-shop?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This repo provides a simple tool for minting Runes, a new fungible
token standard for bitcoin proposed by Ordinals creator Casey
Rodarmor. 

CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE BINANCE TO EXIT RUSSIA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/o268S?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance is exiting Russia, selling its operations to newly-launched
CommEX and ceasing all services in the coming months due to compliance
issues, with no ongoing revenue shares or buyback options post-sale. 

CRYPTO LENDER BLOCKFI GETS COURT NOD FOR PLAN TO REPAY CUSTOMERS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-lender-block-fi-liquidation-plan-approval-repay-customer?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A US Bankruptcy Court approved BlockFi's liquidation plan, moving
closer to repaying customers. However, the final payout still depends
on BlockFi's legal outcomes with FTX and other firms. 

IDRIS ELBA IS READY TO TALK ABOUT CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/idris-elba-crypto-stellar-development-foundation?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Idris Elba, cautious about the crypto frenzy during the bull run,
recently partnered with Stellar Development Foundation to explore
crypto's potential for financial inclusion. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e46cf0f0-5de3-11ee-a0ec-4bdfd7fcb65a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695902490&t=1695902718&s=e91b18f6397e6a7e10225ee046cd75fb292fce16f3711e94bf8e36b0e29f0083].