# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-05-2023

Over the past few days, order book sleuths have been reporting some
anomalies in flows and bid/ask spreads  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bb83e61c-ef07-11ed-88e0-ef5541025dc6&pt=campaign&t=1683720686&s=76acb6f2b0e3ec1efde5e7c8b11f0277951cd73486b111cea06408d0527973ca]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-10

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

JANE STREET, JUMP PULL BACK CRYPTO TRADING OVER US REGULATORY
UNCERTAINTY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/m1nrA?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Over the past few days, order book sleuths have been reporting some
anomalies in flows and bid/ask spreads. Yesterday, Bloomberg reported
that market-making firms Jane Street Group and Jump Crypto are winding
down their market-making activities in the US due to increased
regulatory scrutiny. Jane Street is also scaling back its global
crypto operations, while Jump Crypto is focusing on international
expansion. Both firms continue to make markets in crypto but on a
smaller scale. These moves explain the thin order books and
abnormalities we’ve been seeing. The regulatory crackdown, which
targets trading platforms, stablecoin issuers, and brokers, has also
prompted several other crypto companies to consider relocating
operations to international financial hubs like Dubai, Singapore, and
Hong Kong. 

U.S. EXCHANGES LIST MORE THAN A DOZEN CRYPTOS THE SEC SAYS ARE ILLEGAL
TO SELL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/dnrT0?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The SEC has been attempting to regulate cryptocurrencies since 2017,
asserting authority over many coins and trading platforms. Further,
SEC Chair Gary Gensler believes most current crypto tokens fall within
this category, making their distribution potentially illegal. However,
the SEC only really has the authority to regulate coins classified as
securities. Despite warnings since 2017, only a small percentage of
cryptocurrencies have been addressed through enforcement. This has led
to complaints that regulators are using strong-arm tactics to expand
their jurisdiction without giving clear frameworks around regulation. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COZY V2: THE PROTECTION PROTOCOL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655976543615852545.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Cozy v2, an autonomous protocol for protecting DeFi deposits, is now
live on Optimism for non-US users. With it, users can buy protection
against risks like smart contract hacks and depegs or earn yields by
providing protection. Cozy v2 enables the creation of markets covering
various risks, with automatic payouts and programmatic pricing. This
novel protocol is launching on six markets, aiming to maximize yields
for protection providers and minimize costs for buyers. 

KAKAROT: AN INTRO TO THE FIRST MODULAR ZKEVM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/kakarot-zkevm/kakarot-an-intro-to-the-first-modular-zkevm-cd6ea45019f1?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Kakarot, a project aiming to build a zkEVM on CairoVM, has achieved
100% bytecode equivalence and implemented 8 out of 9 EVM precompiles.
This enables dApps written in Solidity or other EVM-supported
languages to be deployed on Kakarot without code modifications.
Instead of launching as a general-purpose zkEVM L2, Kakarot plans to
bring EVM compatibility to Starknet and create a zkRollup-as-a-service
tool, enabling app-specific L3s with one click. The aim of Cairo is to
be the best toolbox for zero-knowledge engineering and development. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

I FIXED WEB3 ONBOARDING (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jarrodwatts.com/i-fixed-web3-onboarding?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article provides a guide on creating a seamless web3 onboarding
experience, enabling users to interact with smart contracts without
creating their own wallet. It explains how to create a smart wallet
factory contract using EIP-4337 account abstraction, generate new
smart wallets for users, and facilitate interaction with a smart
contract. The guide also covers how to improve onboarding by
generating EOA wallets and using local wallets to store private keys.
By automating wallet creation and using EIP-4337 account abstraction,
developers can create smoother and more user-friendly web3
applications. 

WHAT IS ZKWASM? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655605550690779142.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread describes ZKWasm, a groundbreaking technology that enables
developers to create zk applications using their preferred programming
languages and deploy them across WebAssembly-supported environments.
This offers increased security and privacy through zero-knowledge
proofs. Delphinus Lab leads an open-source ZKWasm implementation,
which is currently the only fully implemented and open-sourced WASM
zkVM supporting WASM bytecode. ZKWasm has various use cases, such as
oracles, off-chain computation, automation, and bridging Web2 and
Web3. However, performance challenges must be addressed to make ZKWasm
a practical choice for developers, with projects like ICME_app
exploring alternative ZKP schemes to optimize efficiency. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

DCG LOOKS TO REFINANCE OUTSTANDING GENESIS OBLIGATIONS, RAISE GROWTH
CAPITAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/05/09/dcg-looks-to-refinance-outstanding-genesis-obligations-raise-growth-capital/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


DCG is planning an interesting two-part maneuver as it navigates its
outstanding obligations with its defunct lending division, Genesis:
refinancing its debt and raising growth capital. This move is an
effort to provide financial flexibility while DCG engages in Genesis
Capital's bankruptcy proceedings. DCG owes $575 million to Genesis due
this month and another $1.1 billion promissory note due in June 2032.
In an effort to formulate an agreeable plan, those involved have
agreed to a 30-day mediation period. 

A SUMMARY OF ARTHUR HAYES’ ‘THE DENOMINATOR’ ESSAY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655767351290396672.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Arthur Hayes recently wrote a meaty essay called ‘The Denominator’
and this tweet provides a succinct summary. The US banking system is
divided into two camps: banks that are too big to fail and other
banks. During recent bank failures, the government's Bank Term Funding
Program (BTFP) only applied to TBTF banks, leading to a $4.4 trillion
debt expansion. Non-TBTF banks now face an increasing risk of failure
as deposits leave the system. Two options to solve non-TBTF bankruptcy
include the Fed cutting rates or making BTFP eligible for all banks.
Both solutions have great risks: the former solution could give rise
to inflation again and the latter solution would expand the debt level
even further. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

FTX'S SAM BANKMAN-FRIED MOVES TO DISMISS MOST CRIMINAL CHARGES AGAINST
HIM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/05/09/ftxs-sam-bankman-fried-moves-to-dismiss-most-criminal-charges-against-him/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried is facing multiple charges, including
wire, securities, and commodities fraud allegations, and bribery
claims. His attorneys have now filed pretrial motions to dismiss a
majority of the charges, arguing that prosecutors failed to state
valid offenses or provide adequate information. 

PARADIGM FILES COMMENT LETTER IN RESPONSE TO PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO
THE CUSTODY RULE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://policy.paradigm.xyz/writing/Custody-Comment-Letter?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Paradigm submitted a comment letter to the SEC, arguing that the
proposed amendments to the Custody Rule would limit investment
advisers' access to crypto assets and harm competition in the
industry. Paradigm suggested practical alternatives, such as expanding
exceptions, allowing flexible custodial solutions, and engaging with
the crypto community. 

BITCOIN ORDINALS NFTS COMING TO BINANCE IN LATE MAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bitcoin-ordinals-nfts-binance?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance will integrate Bitcoin Ordinals into its NFT marketplace late
this month, enabling users to purchase and trade Bitcoin NFTs directly
with Binance accounts, simplifying transactions and offering creators
royalty support. 

FEDNOW WILL SAVE THE US FROM A CBDC (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/fednow-cbdc-save-us?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FedNow is a bipartisan solution for modernizing US government
payments, enabling real-time bank-to-bank transactions. Misinformation
has wrongly linked FedNow to CBDCs, but it aims to improve payment
speed and therefore actually reduces the need for CBDCs in the US. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bb83e61c-ef07-11ed-88e0-ef5541025dc6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683720060&t=1683720686&s=6ac7553a5dbeee5686487b8a8812ef533dfa9c8454331c68caa139cf305c1747].


 