# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-09-2023

Tether has resumed lending, despite previous commitments to halt the
practiceÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c4a5b70a-592b-11ee-9f09-df17022c4ad0&pt=campaign&t=1695384277&s=9d866b46fbbe3192c1bb04b02e22dd08b47f9ca64aceda6ae4eaaa8701bfa354]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-22

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TETHER IS LENDING ITS STABLECOINS AGAIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/RF2Ap?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Tether has resumed lending, despite previous commitments to halt the
practice. As of June 30, the company's assets included $5.5 billion in
loans, a slight increase from the previous quarter. This practice
potentially poses a risk to the crypto landscape, as repayment is not
guaranteed. While the company didnâ€™t make clear whether or not these
were new loans, it raised concerns that Tether could be winding up
these practices again rather than sunsetting them. 

MT. GOX TRUSTEE EXTENDS DEADLINE FOR CREDITOR REPAYMENTS BY A YEAR (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/198147/mt-gox-trustee-extends-deadline-for-creditor-repayments-by-a-year?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The trustee of the collapsed Mt. Gox Bitcoin exchange has extended the
deadline for repayments to creditors until October 2024. This news
comes one year after the approval of a rehabilitation proposal,
planning to pay back approximately 90% of the assets. Notably, the
Estate holds about 138,000 Bitcoin and a similar amount in Bitcoin
Cash, with a combined value of over $3.7 billion. The exact timing for
individual repayments remains undecided. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PROOF OF PLAY RAISES $33M FOR WEB3 RPG, EX-TWITCH CEO JOINS BOARD (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/games/proof-of-play-raises-33m-for-web3-rpg-adds-ex-twitch-ceo-to-board-emmett-shear/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Pirate Nation, a blockchain-based RPG, has secured $33m in a seed
round led by Andreessen Horowitz and Greenoaks. Pirate Nation aims to
immerse players in the game while avoiding technical barriers. The
game's producer, Proof of Play, plans to develop "Forever Games,"
decentralized games that operate without creator intervention or
external servers. Proof of Play is planning to open-source its
technology framework, encouraging creation within its game
architecture. 

MESH, WHICH HELPS PEOPLE MANAGE THEIR DIGITAL ASSETS, RAISES $22M (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/21/mesh-which-helps-people-manage-their-digital-assets-raises-22m/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Mesh, a startup providing a service for managing and transferring
digital assets, has secured $22m in a Series A funding round. The
funding will be utilized for enhancing its tools for deposits,
payments, and payouts and supporting its go-to-market operations. Mesh
offers businesses a platform to allow customers to shift assets,
including cryptocurrency, across numerous platforms. The startup,
founded in 2020, currently claims to have 70 paying clients from the
finance and digital assets industries. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DEAD NFTS: THE EVOLVING LANDSCAPE OF THE NFT MARKET (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://dappgambl.com/nfts/dead-nfts/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

NFTs have seen a boom and bust, crashing after a bull run, leaving the
market flooded with assets that lack buyers. A study encompassing over
73,000 NFT collections found colossal imbalances in the market
characterized by over 95% of collections having zero value. While that
is a staggering portion of NFTs that are deemed worthless, there was a
much smaller pool of collections that people actually cared about to
begin with, so this figure could be a bit misleading. 

THE L2 PIVOT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bankless.com/the-l2-pivot?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Projects like Eclipse, Canto, and Astar are shifting to use Ethereum
for their settlement layers due to its secure and cost-effective
framework. This blog explains some of the reasons behind these shifts.
Eclipse combines the strengths of Solana's tech and Ethereum's strong
monetary layer. Canto, initially built on Cosmos SDK, is now migrating
to Ethereum as an L2. Meanwhile, Astar aims to expand its reach to
Ethereum with the Astar zkEVM, creating interoperability across
chains. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FREE + VALUABLE: WHY I'M EXCITED ABOUT ZORA PROTOCOL REWARDS (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://paragraph.xyz/@danicaswanson/free-and-valuable-zora-protocol-rewards?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Zora Protocol's new Rewards scheme is letting creators earn ETH from
their work, even when it's minted for free, in a move that could
disrupt the traditional art world. All Zora Mints, including those
made by artists, singers, and writers, can now generate value
indefinitely, providing creators with a new stream of income every
time their work is minted on the platform. The change also safeguards
at-risk artists by providing a counterbalance to exploitative economic
forces. 

THE CASINO ON MARS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/09/casino-on-mars?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explains how crypto can be likened to a newly discovered
planet with its unique economic system and potential. Despite
criticism and speculative hype, many see crypto offering fresh
possibilities like providing worldwide financial services that are
transparent, programmable, and more inclusive. Digital currencies such
as BTC, ETH, and stablecoins are adopted extensively in nations where
traditional systems fail. Despite its dark sides including potential
scams and short-term speculation, supporters believe that crypto
creates the ability to revolutionize money, finance, and digital
property. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ERIC WALLâ€™S NOTES ON ZKROLLUPS ON BITCOIN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackmd.io/6lwnNQf2RTmc3UQoWvAVQw?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

These notes gathered by Eric Wall from talking to many experts on the
topic explore the challenges of adding ZKrollups/ZKPs to Bitcoin. Wall
suggests using a general-purpose VM like WASM for flexibility and
future optionality. 

DID THE NSA INVENT BITCOIN? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/nic__carter/status/1704922555189182784?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This theory from Nic Carter suggests that the NSA invented Bitcoin,
citing a 1996 paper and the agency's creation of SHA-256, proposing it
was an internal project later secretly released. 

BITCOINâ€™S CULTURE WAR â€“ DISCUSSION WITH UDI WERTHEIMER (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.bitmex.com/bitcoins-culture-war-discussion-with-udi-wertheimer/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog examines divisions in Bitcoin culture, highlighting
criticisms of 'maximalists' for their perceived close-mindedness and
lack of openness to new ideas. It questions whether discourse has
actually deteriorated or if perspectives have simply changed. 

A BRILLIANTLY DESIGNED SCAM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/fidoeth/status/1704696804887982163?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post explains how this user nearly fell for a sophisticated scam
posing as a venture investment opportunity for his start-up. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c4a5b70a-592b-11ee-9f09-df17022c4ad0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695384070&t=1695384277&s=a9069df1c53bbc8c7219b17dd9d86dfc658975e67c3914ddbf897c4bef07cdd4].


id:2023-09-22-09:35:53:516t Â 