# Articles TLDR Crypto 30-08-2023

A US federal court ruled yesterday that the SEC acted unfairly in
denying Grayscale‚Äôs request to turn its Grayscale Bitcoin Trust
product into an ETF¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3b684e62-471a-11ee-a4db-1d20c3759143&pt=campaign&t=1693397140&s=1248a27ada5a110110f8cfb176c06b5cbc92c467fd4eb03fc0cf1c6f35159245]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-30

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GRAYSCALE WINS CASE AGAINST SEC. IT‚ÄôS A HUGE VICTORY FOR BITCOIN AND
COINBASE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/LzS2B?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A US federal court ruled yesterday that the SEC acted unfairly in
denying Grayscale‚Äôs request to turn its Grayscale Bitcoin Trust
product into an ETF. The long-awaited decision gave a big boost to
prices across the board in the crypto market and even to
crypto-related public equities like Coinbase. While the ruling was
favorable, it still doesn't guarantee immediate ETF approvals. Not
only does this help Grayscale‚Äôs case as it tries to launch an ETF,
but it also likely increases the chances that the spot BTF
applications from TradFi giants like Blackrock and Fidelity will go
through as well. 

SEC'S SECRET BINANCE COURT FILING HAS OBSERVERS BRACING FOR BAD NEWS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/29/secs-secret-binance-court-filing-has-observers-bracing-for-bad-news/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Yesterday, the SEC submitted a sealed motion containing classified
information in its case against cryptocurrency exchange Binance. The
unusual move has sparked speculation about potential new allegations
against the company, which is already facing charges of offering
unregistered securities to the public. Experts suggest the SEC could
be trying to avoid interfering with a separate criminal investigation
- potentially by the DOJ - or protect a witness or company at risk. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

POLYGON LAUNCHES 'CHAIN DEVELOPMENT KIT' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sandeepnailwal/status/1696618823422529898?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Polygon has unveiled its Chain Development Kit, a software suite that
allows developers to launch their own L2 solutions using zk
technology. The CDK offers infinite scalability and unified liquidity,
while enabling easy settlement to Ethereum and is already being used
in numerous projects. The CDK is expected to usher in an era of
open-source progress and innovative L2 solutions. 

CIRCLE LAUNCHES USDC STABLECOIN ON MERCADO PAGO IN CHILE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/circle-launches-usdc-stablecoin-on-mercado-pago-in-chile?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Fintech firm Circle has teamed up with Latin American e-commerce giant
Mercado Libre to introduce the stablecoin USDC on Mercado Pago, its
online payment platform, in Chile. This move aims to increase the
utilization of cryptocurrencies and the US dollar in a country where
the currency isn't often accepted. It also marks another step into
crypto for Mercado Libre, which started accepting cryptocurrencies as
payments in 2021. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

PROOF OF MEOW: HOW ZK-VM WORKS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://taiko.mirror.xyz/Q0J6JmeXwTrBhK3mQRVa4NU2TzCtyDzTrjnGR8VWGOE?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article simplifies the concept of a Zero-Knowledge Virtual
Machine, software that validates that a program has been executed
correctly, with a lighthearted example, ‚ÄúProof of Meow.‚Äù It
outlines the process of program compilation to bytecode, execution
inside the VM generating an execution trace, and the role of the
prover and verifier. The piece also shows how these principles apply
to the Ethereum Virtual Machine in ZK-Rollups. 

INSIGHTS FROM A CRYPTO USER ACTIVITY SURVEY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DefiIgnas/status/1696621362801152165?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A recent blockchain user activity survey revealed some surprising
findings. Despite Ethereum's popularity, 17% of participants in the
survey had never used it. Similarly, 34% never transacted in Bitcoin.
The Cardano community showed up in surprisingly large numbers with
6,300+ respondents, a bigger group of participants than any other
chain in the survey. Surprisingly, participants of the survey had
hardly used Litecoin at all, despite its high ranking in daily active
users on DeFiLlama. The BNB chain had more users and a higher share of
participants who had used the chain than Solana and Avalanche, while
Ethereum remains in pole position amongst all the chains. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TETHER LEANING ON BAHAMAS-BASED BRITANNIA AS US BANKS CUT CRYPTO TIES
(3 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/2iBYt?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Private bank Britannia Bank & Trust has reportedly recently started
working with stablecoin issuer Tether. This relationship allows Tether
to make dollar transfers, strengthening its access to traditional
banking systems. Tether's banking relations have largely remained
undisclosed, which has sparked industry speculation over the years.
Despite facing regulatory hurdles and allegations of misleading
investors about its reserves, Tether has been gaining significant
share of the stablecoin market this year. 

THE MANY LAYERS OF THE SEC‚ÄôS FIRST NFT ENFORCEMENT ACTION (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/08/29/the-many-layers-of-the-secs-first-nft-enforcement-action/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC is treating NFTs as a security for the first time in its
recent enforcement action against Impact Theory, a Tom Bilyeu company.
This article explains how NFTs in their basic form are not necessarily
a security. However, it goes on to explain that it could be logical to
conclude an NFT is a security when issuers begin to make promises
about what they will do to increase the value of the NFT over time. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

X GRANTED MONEY TRANSMISSION LICENSE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/unusual_whales/status/1696541633658196144?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

X has been granted a currency transmission license (the type that
would be required to process crypto transactions). However, it‚Äôs not
clear whether this is for crypto or not as the same type of license
would be required for fiat transmission. 

MOONPAY LAUNCHES INVESTMENT ARM MOONPAY VENTURES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247910/moonpay-launches-investment-arm-moonpay-ventures?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MoonPay has launched MoonPay Ventures, an investment arm to support
early-stage web3 and fintech firms through providing mentorship and
support from crypto industry partners. 

ZKSCI - IMPROVING SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH WITH ZERO KNOWLEDGE PROOFS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://lucidsamuel.medium.com/zksci-improving-scientific-research-with-zero-knowledge-proofs-458c65970e8?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explains how Zero Knowledge Proofs could be leveraged for
both decentralized science in scientific research and in the medical
field for data privacy. 

LIQUID STAKING IS BUILDING MOMENTUM ON SOLANA, SAY BRUDER AND MEEGAN
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/solana-ethereum-chorus-one?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Solana is gaining momentum in liquid staking despite some initial
hiccups. This article provides an update on the liquid staking
ecosystem on Solana. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3b684e62-471a-11ee-a4db-1d20c3759143&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693396929&t=1693397140&s=c0d5b31798ac031aeddb3a69f2ba727bba16421b61179c229e822fd6428e21d0].