# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-03-2023

The Commodity Futures Trading Commission is forming a Technology
Advisory Committee.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9700f556-c2fb-11ed-bba8-3322c0c66f4d&pt=campaign&t=1678882024&s=ad63f24d54da4319900c359493a725bf58bd20940440d3c237c343ade3fba3db]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-15

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CFTC ADDS EXECS FROM CIRCLE, AVA LABS AND FIREBLOCKS TO TECH ADVISORY
GROUP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/cftc-adds-execs-from-circle-ava-labs-and-fireblocks-to-tech-advisory-group?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In a seemingly positive development for the crypto space, the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) is forming a Technology
Advisory Committee (TAC). Members of the committee include Ava Labs
founder Emin GÃ¼n Sirer, Circle vice president of global policy Corey
Then, and FireBlocks co-founder and CEO Michael Shaulov. The committee
is meant to help the CFTC understand what kind of effects certain
innovations in financial services and markets might have. It will also
help guide the Commissionâ€™s thinking around technology-related
issues and advise on tech investments. This TAC reveals a different
approach by the CFTC than some other U.S. agencies such as the SEC,
which seem to have taken a more hostile approach. 

DECENTRALIZED BORROWING PROTOCOL LIQUITYâ€™S LQTY TOKEN SOARS AMID
USDC CHAOS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/14/decentralized-borrowing-protocol-liquitys-lqty-token-soars-amid-usdc-chaos/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Liquity, a decentralized borrowing protocol, has seen an influx of
interest in the past couple weeks, especially since the depegging of
USDC over the weekend. The main driver of this interest is likely the
fact that users can take out loans denominated in LUSD, the
protocolâ€™s dollar-pegged stablecoin, using ETH as collateral.
Instead of being subject to a variable interest rate on these loans,
users simply pay a one-time fee. Wallets holding LUSD have increased
10% since March 6, and LQTY, which allows stakers to capture fee
revenue generated by the protocol, has risen almost 50% in that same
timeframe. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MULTI-MESSAGE AGGREGATION (MMA) DESIGN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/MultiMessageAggregation/multibridge/tree/EIP5164?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) is a solution for cross-chain message
passing, allowing messages to be sent from one source chain to
multiple destination chains. It prevents vendor lock-in, enhances
security beyond any single bridge, and requires a quorum of different
bridges to execute the message at the destination chain. MMA can be
used for governance contracts on Ethereum calling remote functions of
contracts on other EVM chains, and each dApp must deploy its own set
of contracts. 

CRYPTOâ€™S LATEST STABLECOIN, CALLED HOPE, STARTED BY EX-BABEL FINANCE
CEO FLEX YANG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/03/13/cryptos-latest-stablecoin-is-called-hope-started-by-ex-babel-finance-ceo-flex-yang/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Flex Yang, former CEO of Babel Finance, has launched the HOPE
stablecoin and a DeFi protocol tied to it. HOPE coins will allow users
to interact with the ecosystem's DeFi apps, including HopeSwap, an
automated market-making protocol, HopeConnect, a set of derivatives
trading app, HopeLend, a non-custodial lending platform, HopeEcho for
creating synthetic assets, and third-party DeFi apps. Governance of
the stablecoin will later be handed over to a DAO. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

CRYPTO TWITTER LISTS TO HELP YOU DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635704636119326720.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Twitter is one of the best resources for both keeping up with current
news in crypto and diving deep into research on specific topics in the
industry. This thread provides a curated list of lists to help you
find the best accounts to follow and covers different sectors like
alpha/calls, DeFi, NFT, trading, research, L2s, airdrops, and
education. 

A GUIDE TO HOW THE NEW AVOCADO WALLET WORKS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633626328330289152.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread explores how Instadappâ€™s new product, Avocado, could
revolutionize how users interact with dApps by introducing one-click
transactions, app pre-approvals and limits, 2FA protection, and
enabling deterministic smart contract wallets that the user owns.
Avocado is a blockchain aggregator with its own RPC that allows users
to pay for transactions with USDC on any supported chain. It has a
number of key roadmap upgrades, including a mobile app and browser
extension. dApps integrated with Avocado will even be able to earn 10%
of the gas fees. The company is backed by notable investors and has a
current market cap of $18M. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IN ABOUT-FACE, CRYPTO EXCHANGES ABANDON SUPPORT FOR STG TOKEN
REISSUANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/14/in-about-face-crypto-exchanges-abandon-support-for-stg-token-reissuance/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto Exchanges Bitfinex and Binance have withdrawn their support for
Stargate Finance's plans to reissue STG tokens due to a dissenting
opinion from FTX liquidators arguing the re-issuance violated a stay
in FTXâ€™s bankruptcy case. Bitfinex and Binance are revoking
scheduled STG contract swaps, as well as providing users with a
contract address to verify the validity of their STG tokens, and
Binance is offering to swap new tokens back to old tokens. 

EULER FINANCE INCIDENT POST-MORTEM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@omniscia.io/euler-finance-incident-post-mortem-1ce077c28454?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article looks into the Euler Finance incident that occurred on
March 13th, where an attacker created "bad debt" by donating units to
the reserve balance, thus creating a vulnerability in the protocol. It
goes on to explain the attack scenario, details of the vulnerability,
the root cause, and other flaws that made the attack possible. The
source of vulnerability was never in the scope of any audits conducted
by Omniscia, although it was audited by Sherlock in July 2022 with an
active coverage policy with Euler at the time of exploit. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

A CLOSER LOOK AT SOME PROJECTS THAT RAISED CAPITAL IN FEBRUARY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635807093667274752.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


February saw $870m raised in Crypto, the most since November last
year. 13 of those projects are highlighted in this thread. These
projects range from AI-powered crypto search engines, NFT derivatives
platforms, anonymized DEXs, NFT lending protocols, browser extensions,
wallet firewalls, web3 studios, decentralized lending platforms,
link-based wallets, and trusted blockchain protocols. 

METAMASK SEES SWAPS VOLUME HIT ALL TIME HIGH OVER WEEKEND (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/219858/metamask-sees-swaps-volume-hit-all-time-high-over-weekend?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Metamask saw record levels of trading over the weekend due in part to
the closure of top crypto-friendly banks and the ensuing volatility
that occurred afterward. 

WEB3 SERVICE UNSTOPPABLE DOMAINS AND POLYGON LABS ROLL OUT .POLYGON
DOMAINS
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/03/14/web3-service-unstoppable-domains-and-polygon-labs-roll-out-polygon-domains/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Web3 domain provider Unstoppable Domains is partnering with Polygon
Labs to roll out the .polygon domain, allowing users to create a
digital identity, interact with hundreds of integrated apps, and
signal their support for Polygon. 

SOLIDITY DEVELOPER SURVEY 2022 RESULTS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.soliditylang.org/2023/03/10/solidity-developer-survey-2022-results/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The 2022 Solidity Developer Survey received a record-breaking 1401
responses from developers from 100 different countries, more than a 3x
increase in responses compared to the previous survey. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9700f556-c2fb-11ed-bba8-3322c0c66f4d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678881621&t=1678882024&s=dd418f81f5d8bf750bc0ba5abec94bb04a59af290530fbb610c656bc908d22d7].


Â 