# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-08-2023

Binance is seeking a protective court order against the SEC amid
intensifying scrutiny from the regulator.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b214dfe0-3c1a-11ee-a7ba-07290486c4ec&pt=campaign&t=1692187476&s=c01039fc30d6225740b033315338059b28a00891acc03dd64ddcbcaa988b6f6a]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-16

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE FILES FOR PROTECTIVE ORDER AGAINST SEC (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/binance-files-protective-order-against-sec-court-filing-2023-08-15/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance is seeking a protective court order against the SEC amid
intensifying scrutiny from the regulator. The company is arguing the
SEC's requests for information are overly demanding. Binance aims to
limit the regulator to four employee depositions and exclude BAM's CEO
and CFO. The SEC previously accused the firm of deceiving investors
and misusing customer funds, which Binance denies. 

CRYPTO MARKET MAKER GSR SCALES BACK, CFO AND OTHER TOP EXECUTIVES
DEPART (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/245383/crypto-market-maker-gsr-scales-back-cfo-and-other-top-executives-depart?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Several executives, including CFO Jonathan Hugh, have left crypto
market maker GSR as the firm has begun to scale back its crypto
operations. GSR claims its retreat has mostly been due to an intense
bear market and heavy regulatory scrutiny on the industry. It has been
one of the main market makers in crypto since 2013, but it expanded
rapidly during the latest bull market, growing its headcount to over
300 and bringing in executives from Wall Street. Sources familiar with
the matter seem to imply that GSRâ€™s pullback can be attributed to
bringing these executives in at the height of the market, incurring
significant costs, and being out of touch with the crypto industry. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SAFE{CORE} PROTOCOL: SOLVING THE WICKED PROBLEM OF SMART ACCOUNTS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://safe.mirror.xyz/KiklifJINUpklBzf-usK_54EC86AfSeX5wH89bNxglM?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Safe has released a whitepaper about its Safe{Core} Protocol, aimed at
transitioning on-chain accounts to smart accounts. The protocol
addresses several issues, such as fragmentation, vendor lock-in, and
security. The Safe{Core} Protocol represents a unified standard that
can support a smoother transition to smart accounts, reduce smart
contract risks, ensure account portability, and maintain
interoperability. This comes amid growing concerns about externally
owned accounts, which are struggling with user experience problems. 

SEI MAINNET IS LIVE AFTER TESTNET SEES MORE THAN 7.5M WALLETS CREATED
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/08/15/sei-mainnet-is-live-after-testnet-sees-more-than-75m-wallets-created/?utm_content=tldrcrypto]

Sei Labs deployed its long-awaited L1, Sei, to mainnet yesterday. The
native token SEI is now on exchanges. Rather than focusing on solving
technical issues, Seiâ€™s core focus is making trading easier for
social platforms, games, and NFTs. Boasting 10x the speed of Solana,
Sei achieves transaction finality in 250 milliseconds. More than 200
teams have started building on Sei. 7.5m unique wallets were onboarded
in the testnet phase and some large, established protocols like
Sushiswap have integrated the chain into their offerings. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE HIDDEN COSTS OF MODULAR SYSTEMS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://multicoin.capital/2023/08/15/the-hidden-costs-of-modular-systems/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article challenges the prevailing view that modularity is key to
scalability in crypto. It argues that modular systems significantly
increase complexity for app developers both technically and socially.
The article also dispels the myth that modular chains execute code
faster, asserting that separating data availability and execution
doesn't inherently boost performance. It challenges other popular
beliefs regarding modular chains' benefits, ultimately arguing that
fully integrated systems are more user-friendly and beneficial to
developers. 

UNDERSTANDING CRYPTO IN AFRICA (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cryptofrens.info/p/understanding-crypto-in-africa?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The author of this article took a nine-day trip to Kenya and Nigeria
and recorded his observations on the crypto scene there. The people he
met in the meetups he went to demonstrated interest in receiving
payment via cryptocurrency, specifically stablecoins like USDT. The
Binance P2P marketplace was a widely popular platform amongst locals
to swap to and from their native currencies. It seems that Africa is
ripe for even more crypto adoption as it offers a sense of stability
and empowerment that many Africans do not have with their local
currencies. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT DOES VITALIK THINK ABOUT COMMUNITY NOTES AND HOW DO THEY FIT IN
WITH CRYPTO VALUES? (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/08/16/communitynotes.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this essay, Vitalik Buterin discusses X's fact-checking tool
Community Notes, how it works, and the crossover it has with crypto.
While not crypto-related, Buterin claims the Community Notes product
has the "crypto values," of open sourcing and decentralization.
Community Notes is taking strides in combating misinformation and
polarization with its algorithm, which determines the visibility of
notes based on widespread user votes. Despite some of its flaws and
complexity, the open-source nature of the project makes it verifiable
and transparent. 

BINANCE CONNECT IS SHUTTING DOWN ON AUG 16 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/08/15/binance-to-shut-down-buy-and-sell-service-amid-refocus-on-core-products/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance announced it will discontinue its Binance Connect service as
of Aug 16. It will concentrate more on its primary products and
long-term objectives. Binance Connect, a tool that helped merchants to
accept crypto payments, supported 50 cryptocurrencies and all key
payment methods. It was launched only a year ago in 2022. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

GOLDMAN PENCILS IN FIRST FED RATE CUT FOR SECOND QUARTER OF 2024 (1
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/lfIYs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Goldman Sachs predicts the Fed will begin lowering interest rates by
June 2024 as inflation nears its target. It forecasts a quarterly cut
pace, aiming for a 3-3.25% funds rate. 

THE ARGUMENT FOR BITCOIN AND ETHEREUM AS HARD ASSETS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/gainzy222/status/1691442399036178432?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

BTC and ETH have hit escape velocity where they are viewed as
legitimate assets by the wealthy. As opposed to physical assets, they
cannot depreciate, degrade, or be seized. These differentiators make
these assets even more interesting as stores of value for the wealthy 

TRACKING BASEâ€™S REVENUE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/poopmandefi/status/1690996542428332032?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Base has generated $1.25m in revenue in the past 2 weeks while
Optimism and Arbitrum have only generated $404k and $424k
respectively. 

A NOVEL DEFENSE AGAINST ERC-4626 INFLATION ATTACKS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.openzeppelin.com/a-novel-defense-against-erc4626-inflation-attacks?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

ERC-4626, an ERC-20 extension, introduces token vaults, susceptible to
inflation attacks where attackers manipulate share values.
OpenZeppelin proposes several defenses in this article. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b214dfe0-3c1a-11ee-a7ba-07290486c4ec&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692187281&t=1692187476&s=ba613d2918e31763602789cb3b8fde39c9631a4c6211069fca489f7f19118193].