# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-02-2023

Blur has seen rapid growth in trading volumes in recent months as the
competition between the two platforms intensifies.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=33e5398c-add4-11ed-bed3-eb43ddbfafe6&pt=campaign&t=1676552836&s=5b9877f3e613748f66f69dfdd7054f98452bb9c96746678ddac068ec1b6f055c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Awaken]
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr]


DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-16

BRAND NEW CRYPTO TAX SOFTWARE THAT ACTUALLY WORKS LAUNCHES JUST IN
TIME FOR TAX SEASON (SPONSOR)
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr]


Last tax season, Yash and Andrew paid $500+ on crypto tax products
that didn't work. It was such a nightmare, they set out to
build¬†Awaken
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr].

	*
Awaken has the best support for tokens, NFTs, wallet transfers,
staking, bridging, LPing, and much more. Here's proof
[https://twitter.com/lawtoshi/status/1621984400618717184].

	*
Awaken lets you do your taxes 3x faster than other products. When you
label 1 transaction, 30+ others can automatically be labeled for you.

	*
Awaken‚Äôs user interface is ‚Äúcleaner than a freshly rugged
wallet.‚Äù (Yash insisted on having us include this).

CLAIM UP TO $50 OF FREE CREDITS (FIRST 400 SIGNUPS)
[https://awaken.tax/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=tldr_crypto&utm_id=a&ref=tldr]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TETHER USDT GAINS $1 BILLION AS PAXOS BURNS OVER $1.8B OF BINANCE USD
STABLECOINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/15/tether-usdt-gains-1-billion-as-paxos-burns-over-18b-of-binance-usd-stablecoins/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tether's USDT market capitalization has grown from $68.5 billion to
$69.5 billion, the highest level since last June. The growth in USDT's
value has been fuelled by investors fleeing BUSD, which has come under
regulatory scrutiny. BUSD's market capitalization dropped by more than
$1.8 billion to $14.3 billion. Paxos will cease minting BUSD after
February 21 due to orders from the NYDFS. The SEC is preparing to sue
Paxos for issuing unregistered securities. Paxos' other stablecoin,
USDP, has so far been able to avoid regulatory scrutiny. 

BLUR ESCALATES ROYALTY BATTLE WITH OPENSEA, RECOMMENDS BLOCKING
PLATFORM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/15/blur-escalates-royalty-battle-with-opensea-recommends-blocking-platform/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blur launched in October with a royalty-optional model and expanded
royalties to permission NFTs in November. Now, to collect full
royalties, creators must blocklist OpenSea, which enforces full
royalties for new projects. Artists cannot receive royalties from both
OpenSea and Blur at the same time because of conflicting rules. Blur
has seen rapid growth in trading volumes in recent months as the
competition between the two platforms intensifies. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

LAUNCHING SUSHI STUDIOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://forum.sushi.com/t/launching-sushi-studios/11745?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sushi Studios, formerly known as Sushi Labs, is a framework that
facilitates horizontal product development without encumbering the
Sushi DAO Treasury. Historically, Sushi has relied on Treasury grants
for the development of products such as Shoyu, Kashi, and MISO, but
this system limits the distribution of Sushi and its innovative
spirit. Sushi Studios seeks to address this issue and empower the
ecosystem with new and innovative products. It will aid in the
distribution of the Sushi brand, grow ecosystem value, and promote
decentralized product innovation. 

ORDINAL THEORY AND THE RISE OF INSCRIPTIONS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://insights.glassnode.com/ordinal-theory-and-the-rise-of-inscriptions/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An unexpected trend has emerge on the Bitcoin network in recent weeks:
the permanent and immutable inscription of data into the blockchain,
including images, audio clips, and even a version of the video game
Doom. This has sparked a great deal of discussion and debate about the
non-monetary applications of Bitcoin blockspace. This report looks at
the fundamental properties of Ordinal Theory and Inscriptions and how
this trend is being expressed within Bitcoin on-chain data. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

INVARIANT TESTING WETH WITH FOUNDRY (43 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/horsefacts.eth/Jex2YVaO65dda6zEyfM_-DXlXhOWCAoSpOx5PLocYgw?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This guide provides an introduction to invariant testing, a new
feature in the Foundry toolkit. It covers everything from the ground
up using Wrapped Ether as an example. Invariant tests can help detect
invalid assumptions, complex edge cases, and unexpected interactions
in a smart contract system. All the code examples from this guide are
available on GitHub. 

DEFI HACKS REPRODUCE - FOUNDRY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/SunWeb3Sec/DeFiHackLabs?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a collection of 167 reproducible DeFi hack
incidents. Users will need to install Foundry to follow the examples.
Links to lessons on web3 cybersecurity are available. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STANFORD RESEARCH DIRECTOR, FORMER DEAN REVEALED TO BE BANKMAN-FRIED'S
BOND SIGNERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/15/us-judge-orders-bankman-frieds-lawyers-to-reveal-bond-signer-names/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A federal judge has ruled that the names of Sam Bankman-Fried's bond
co-signers should be revealed. Bankman-Fried's lawyers had filed a
notice to appeal a decision to reveal the names, but they did not file
the actual appeal. The signers were Andreas Paepcke and Larry Kramer,
who put up $200,000 and $500,000 respectively. Paepcke and Kramer are
both from Stanford University, where Bankman-Fried's parents are
instructors. 

CAN BLUR KILL OPENSEA? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.banklesshq.com/p/can-blur-kill-opensea?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gas fees surged yesterday as users raced to claim the highly
anticipated airdrop from NFT marketplace Blur. This article looks at
Blur's strategy and how it plans to compete with OpenSea. The launch
of BLUR is an attempt to gain decentralized governance coordination
and market share from OpenSea and other competitors. BLUR's
three-phase gamified airdrop has increased its profile and made the
marketplace a serious rival to OpenSea. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LIDO DAO‚ÄôS GOVERNANCE TOKEN LDO JUMPS ON TREASURY PROPOSAL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/15/lido-daos-governance-token-ldo-jumps-on-treasury-proposal/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The proposals will determine whether the DAO should sell or stake the
20,304 ETH it holds in its treasury, diversify its stablecoin
holdings, and sell its protocol surplus of staked ETH. 

WITH CRYPTO, FOR EVERY STRONG PROJECT THERE MAY BE A SCAM OR RUG PULL
WAITING TO HAPPEN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DeFiMinty/status/1625541713455464469?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread contains a guide on how to spot red flags for new
projects and protect yourself against bad actors. 

SEC PROPOSAL COULD BAR INVESTMENT ADVISERS FROM KEEPING ASSETS AT
CRYPTO FIRMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/15/sec-proposal-could-bar-investment-advisers-from-keeping-assets-at-crypto-firms/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The new rule expands the SEC's existing regulations that say an
investment advisor needs to keep customers‚Äô money and securities
with a qualified custodian to include crypto assets. 

BLUR FOUNDATION TOKENOMICS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://docs.blur.foundation/tokenomics?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article details how BLUR tokens will be minted and distributed. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=33e5398c-add4-11ed-bed3-eb43ddbfafe6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676552420&t=1676552836&s=8d58c127e552148444da0821939206ffdf9c22d1f768f609f5c2cbeed58cd9df].


¬†