# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-01-2023

Amazon is getting ready to launch an NFT initiative in the spring.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d7e4f764-9e31-11ed-8ea2-47583ae33f24&pt=campaign&t=1674824910&s=44a7b83a1d77e0443f969f6c5eaea68a08fa14eca38b640961dc2362ec2fb878]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-27

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX CREDITOR LIST SHOWS AIRLINES, CHARITIES, AND TECH FIRMS CAUGHT IN
COLLAPSE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ftx-creditor-list-shows-airlines-charities-and-tech-firms-caught-in-collapse?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A 115-page document containing the names of creditors owed money by
FTX has been released. It lists the creditors in alphabetical order
and reveals a wide range of companies, including airlines, hotels,
charities, banks, venture capital firms, media outlets, crypto
companies, and government agencies. The names of nearly 9.7 million
customers with funds stuck on the exchange were not included in the
document. Some of its creditors included Apple, Netflix, Amazon, Meta,
Google, LinkedIn, Microsoft, and Twitter. 

OPTIMISMâ€™S OP TOKEN HITS ALL-TIME HIGH AS LAYER 2 ADOPTION INTERESTS
GROW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/01/26/optimisms-op-token-hits-all-time-high-as-layer-2-adoption-interests-grow/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Optimism's OP token reached an all-time high on Wednesday. Despite the
price increase, transaction activity on Optimism has recently
decreased significantly. The decrease is likely due to the completion
of Optimism Quests, which ran from September through January 17th.
These Quests encouraged users to interact with various protocols on
the network and were successful in attracting new users to the
platform. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AMAZON NFT INITIATIVE COMING SOON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/amazon-nft-marketplace-web3?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Amazon is getting ready to launch an NFT initiative in the spring. It
is unknown what this initiative will involve. Amazon has been making
partnerships with many power players in the industry. There may be a
focus on blockchain-based gaming and NFT applications. 

SUSHISWAP TO LAUNCH A PERP DEX ON SEI NETWORK, 'HEAD CHEF' SAYS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/205749/sushiswap-to-launch-a-perp-dex-on-sei-network-head-chef-says?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sushiswap is expanding into non-Ethereum ecosystems by launching a
perpetual futures exchange on the Sei Network, a blockchain-focused on
decentralized trading applications. The move will take Sushiswap into
a new sector of decentralized finance and could impact its tokenomics
plan by adding a new source of revenue for the protocol. Sushiswap
recently passed a governance proposal to revamp its tokenomics in an
effort to redirect value back to its native token. Perpetual futures
is among the fastest-growing sectors in crypto. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

EVM CHAD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/mektigboy/evm-chad?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This repository contains a curated list of resources on the Ethereum
Virtual Machine. It includes sections on Solidity, Yul, smart contract
development, and DeFi. The list recommends YouTube channels and
influencers to follow. 

KEVIN ROSE JUST LOST 1000E TO AN "INVISIBLE" GASLESS DRAINER ATTACK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/harpieio/status/1618327986100670465?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A gasless drainer attack is a type of phishing scam in which attackers
use fake websites to trick victims into providing their signatures.
These signatures are used to purchase the victims' NFTs for 0 ETH. To
stay protected from gasless drainer attacks, use Revoke.cash after
selling NFTs, avoid signing anything you're unsure about, and watch
out for keywords like 'offer' and 'itemType' in signatures that may
trigger a sale. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PUDGY PENGUINS AND DOODLES SEEK ALTERNATIVES TO ETHEREUM (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/pudgy-penguins-doodles-gas-fees-layer-1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Some of Ethereum's most popular NFT communities are expanding into
alternative layer 1 blockchains due to the threat that high gas fees
may return. Pudgy Penguins has launched cross-chain bridging between
Ethereum, Arbitrum, Polygon, and BNB Chain. Doodles' Doodles 2 project
will launch on the Flow blockchain. Both teams stated that their core
motivation for moving to other chains was to secure low gas fees. Many
other developers are likely preparing for the possibility of a future
spike in Ethereum fees. 

OPTIMISM ACTIVITY PLUMMETS AFTER NFT INCENTIVES END (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/optimism-token-up-activity-down?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Transaction volumes on Optimism decreased significantly following the
conclusion of a 'learn-to-earn' incentives program called Quests.
Optimism recorded over 600,000 transactions on January 17, the final
day of Quests, and 165,000 transactions on January 19. Quests allowed
users to earn a commemorative NFT by reading about different apps and
completing a short quiz or task. Many Quest users are likely hoping
their participation will qualify them for Optimism's second airdrop,
which has not been announced yet. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE CRYPTOECONOMICS OF SLASHING (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/the-cryptoeconomics-of-slashing/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Slashing is a mechanism used in Ethereum to penalize a specific node
for not following protocol by taking away a portion of their stake
without affecting other nodes who are following the protocol. 

FBI INFILTRATED HIVE NETWORK, BLOCKING OVER $130 MILLION IN CRYPTO
RANSOMWARE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120105/doj-fbi-hive-network-ransomware-infiltration?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Hive ransomware group has been accused of targeting hospitals,
schools, and banking in over 80 countries. 

DOES YOUR PRODUCT NEED A TOKEN? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://outlierventures.io/does-your-product-need-a-token/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at whether projects need a token and how tokens can
be leveraged by a web3 project. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d7e4f764-9e31-11ed-8ea2-47583ae33f24&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674824442&t=1674824910&s=d7ceb54ff5b894653fffef82c8a78c5e6687dfb773756c9eb1d13b04d98ef1ab].


Â 