# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-01-2023

Aptos blockchains APT token has seen a significant increase in its
price over the past 7 days.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b4000a32-9d69-11ed-b224-757b5cfe910e&pt=campaign&t=1674738496&s=72e326faec14261a01b47807b2a168d6ac0fbd0ce00c8a4a9e17eea92654e099]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-26

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

THE UNKNOWN HEDGE FUND THAT GOT $400 MILLION FROM SAM BANKMAN-FRIED
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/zKFLi#selection-371.0-374.0?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


FTX transferred $400 million to a new and obscure trading firm called
Modulo Capital before its collapse in November. Modulo was founded in
March and was operating out of the same Bahamian compound where Sam
Bankman-Fried lived. It has no public profile or track record. Modulo
is currently under investigation by federal prosecutors in relation to
FTX's collapse. FTX's new management is focusing on recovering assets
from Modulo as they try to recoup the money lost when the exchange
failed. 

WHAT'S GOING ON WITH THE PRICE OF APTOS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120009/whats-going-on-aptos-price?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aptos blockchain's APT token has seen a significant increase in its
price over the past 7 days. Data shows that a large portion of APT's
trading volume comes from the South Korean won trading pair on UpBit,
a Singapore-based exchange. It appears that some of the trading
activity may be due to arbitrage trades. South Korean exchanges tend
to list crypto assets at higher prices than other global exchanges. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ETHEREUM NFT HIT DOODLES WILL LAUNCH DOODLES 2 ON FLOW BLOCKCHAIN (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119958/ethereum-nft-hit-doodles-launch-doodles-2-flow-blockchain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Popular Ethereum NFT project Doodles is moving to the Flow blockchain.
Flow is best known for its sports NFT projects like NBA Top Shot and
NFL All Day. Doodles 2 will retain the artist and cartoonish style of
the original series but will be expanded to include millions of NFTs
instead of the 10,000 avatars in the first Doodles series. NFT owners
will be allowed to customize their avatar's appearance. Doodles will
also release digital wearable items for the NFT avatars through
limited-edition real-world drops tied to specific events and brand
collaborations. 

CELSIUS HINTS AT NEW TOKEN LAUNCH AS PART OF RESTRUCTURING PLAN (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119944/celsius-hints-new-token-launch-part-restructuring-plan-report?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Celsius is considering issuing a new crypto token as part of a plan to
raise funds and repay its creditors. The company's attorney has stated
that a publicly-traded company, such as a revived Celsius, would be
able to raise more money for creditors than simply selling Celsius'
limited assets at current prices. The proposed reorganization plan has
been discussed with creditor groups and will be voted on, although the
vote will not be binding. If the court approves the plan, the new
company's assets would include a portfolio of loans and other
investments. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE $DYDX TOKENOMICS MODEL IS BROKEN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jdorman81/status/1617966345282551808?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The dYdX tokenomics model is broken as revenues flow to dYdX Trading
instead of to tokenholders, there is high inflation and large upcoming
releases of tokens, and the launch of version 4 of the platform has
been delayed. This Twitter thread looks at these problems and suggests
solutions. The dYdX tokenomics model can be fixed by recognizing the
importance of good tokenomics in encouraging tokenholders to use the
platform, reducing unnecessary incentives and instead promoting
sustainable growth, and distributing fees to the DAO ahead of V4 to
align tokenholders and diversify the treasury. 

HERE'S THE CURRENT STATE OF RWAS TO HELP YOU CATCH THE WAVE (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/DefiIgnas/status/1617799994903523331?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article discusses the current state of Real World Assets in DeFi.
Of the top 10 lending protocols based on 180-day cumulative interest
fees paid by users, four of them are RWA lending protocols. MakerDAO
is generating 57% of its total revenue from RWAs. RWAs have the
potential to increase the DeFi market size from tens of billions of
dollars to trillions of dollars. The top RWA protocol tokens currently
have a circulating market cap of below $100 million. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

KEVIN ROSE SAYS NFT WALLET WITH DOZENS OF HIGH-VALUE COLLECTIBLES
HACKED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/01/25/kevin-rose-says-nft-wallet-with-dozens-of-high-value-collectibles-hacked/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


On Wednesday, Kevin Rose, the CEO and co-founder of PROOF, announced
that his personal wallet had been compromised. The hacker stole 40
NFTs valued at millions of dollars. Rose explained that he was tricked
into signing a malicious signature, which allowed the hacker to
transfer a large number of high-value tokens from his wallet. He says
that assets owned by PROOF remain secure as any transfer from the
PROOF collective requires multiple signatures. 

WHY IS CRYPTO BOUNCING BACK? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/01/25/why-is-crypto-bouncing-back/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Crypto assets have performed well in 2023. The argument for a crypto
market bottom is that negative players and their impact on leverage
have been removed. Crypto assets have overall seen steady growth
despite volatility. While there are regulatory risks, this trend is
expected to continue. This article discusses potential reasons for the
current rise in crypto and examines the economic conditions in the US,
EU, and China. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

DYDX TOKEN SURGES 21% AS REPORT SAYS TOKEN UNLOCK DELAYED UNTIL
DECEMBER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/25/dydx-token-surges-21-as-report-says-token-unlock-delayed-until-december/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Plans to release more than 150 million tokens to early investors and
the dYdX founding team have been delayed from February 3 to December. 

GHO TO ARRIVE IN WEEKS AFTER AAVE V3 LAUNCH ON ETHEREUM (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/kuchelov-interview-gho-stablecoin?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave is expected to launch the latest version of its software on
Ethereum on Friday. 

SEC DERAILED CIRCLES PLANS TO GO PUBLIC VIA SPAC DEAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/01/25/sec-derailed-circles-plans-to-go-public-via-spac-deal-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Circle stated that the decision to abandon its SPAC deal was not
influenced by turbulent markets or fearful investors. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b4000a32-9d69-11ed-b224-757b5cfe910e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674738041&t=1674738496&s=78b3c9690f4bb7f87d68cc6484ff9ccd1b94181a735a4355b9c17ef637c05cde].


Â 