# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-02-2023

Over the weekend the Solana blockchain came to a halt after a
‘Forking’ incident.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=86e2dc24-b65e-11ed-bda2-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&t=1677517623&s=463da9b324711648fcd9d7a091a2f14b89d1d1c7a7696456ba5869f025524096]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-27

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

JUMP CRYPTO JUST COUNTER-EXPLOITED THE WORMHOLE HACKER FOR $140
MILLION (4 MIN READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/jump-crypto-wormhole-hack-recovery?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Last year, in one of the biggest crypto loss events of the year, the
Wormhole bridge was exploited for 120,000 ether or around $325
million. Jump Crypto replaced these funds to help make users whole,
but efforts have continued since then by Jump Crypto, Oasis, and
government authorities to recover the stolen funds. Last week, upon
receiving an order from the High Court of England and Wales to take
any necessary steps, to recover the funds, a counter-exploit was
initiated. The counter-exploit was successful, and the parties were
able to recover $140 million from the original exploiter’s wallet.
This action raised questions about what kind of precedent this action
sets for government intervention even in non-criminal situations. 

SOLANA NETWORK STUMBLES, ON-CHAIN TRADING SLOWS AFTER ‘FORKING’
INCIDENT (2 MIN READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/25/solana-networks-transaction-processing-craters-after-forking-event/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Over the weekend the Solana blockchain came to a halt after a
‘Forking’ incident. At one point, the chain was only processing 93
TPS versus the 5,000 TPS it was processing just hours before. After
hours of coordination between validators, the chain was back to
processing transactions normally late Saturday night. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ROLLUP PROVIDER ECLIPSE LAUNCHES SOFTWARE TO ALLOW SOLANA APPS TO BE
COMPATIBLE WITH POLYGON (2 MIN READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/23/eclipse-launches-software-to-allow-solana-apps-to-be-compatible-with-polygon/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Eclipse is launching a Polygon Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) scaling
solution, allowing applications to be compatible with Polygon and
increasing throughput speed and interoperability across the crypto
space. Rollups work by compiling a number of transactions into one
bundle on an L1 blockchain like Ethereum or Solana, making it cheaper
and faster. This will make it easier for developers building on SVM to
migrate their applications between Polygon and Solana. 

WORLDCOIN EDGES CLOSER TO AI-DRIVEN CRYPTO IDENTITY DEVICE (6 MIN
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/worldcoin-ai-privacy-orb?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


After debuting its eye-catching technology, the Orb, in 2021 and
garnering significant attention, Worldcoin is finally announcing its
plans for a full launch in the first half of 2023. Its product suite
includes a token, an app, and the Orb, which is used to capture
biometric data. The goal of the Company is to provide a way for
individuals to prove personhood via the biometric data it captures and
will distribute tokens to those who participate. This approach is not
without controversy, with critics pointing out that biometric data
like this could be vulnerable to compromise. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHAT ARE MARKET MAKERS AND HOW DO THEY ACTUALLY OPERATE? (3 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1629798901518589952.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down the role of market makers in the crypto
market; what market makers actually are, their business models, their
strategies, and how they operate in both bull and bear markets. It
also breaks down the ways in which market makers work directly with
projects as advisers helping with fundraising, providing liquidity on
DEXs, developing strategies for token prices, and helping with
cashouts. 

MEV SERIES PART I: BLOCKSPACE MARKETS ACROSS ECOSYSTEMS (10 MIN READ)
[https://volt.capital/blog/mev-series-part-i-blockspace-markets-across-ecosystems?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MEV is a well-known and heavily explored concept in the Ethereum
ecosystem. From the coining of the term “MEV” in the Flashboys 2.0
paper in 2019 to the launch of Flashbots, a mature market for
blockspace on Ethereum has emerged. On Solana and Cosmos, however,
blockspace markets are comparatively less mature. This article takes a
look at MEV developments on Solana and Cosmos to date and the
similarities and differences they have with Ethereum. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

A SIMPLE EXPLANATION OF THE EIGENLAYER WHITEPAPER (5 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1628817018685362177.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The EigenLayer whitepaper was launched last week and this thread
breaks it down in a simple overview. EigenLayer provides a way to
convey Ethereum’s security to dapps and protocols built on top of
EigenLayer via restaking. Whereas current L2s and protocols mostly
leverage Actively Validated Services (AVS) relying on their own token
for security or using a permissioned approach, EigenLayer’s use of
restaking allows it to make use of Ethereum’s security, making dapps
and protocols built on top of it as secure as Ethereum. This thread
also dives into EigenLayer’s potential business models and other
components of the whitepaper. 

WHY IS ARBITRUM THE MOST POPULAR L2 SCALING SOLUTION? (5 MIN READ)
[https://revelointel.substack.com/p/why-is-arbitrum-the-most-popular?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Blockcrunch breaks down why Arbitrum has been gaining traction and
leading the way as a scaling solution. Arbitrum One is currently the
number one L2 in terms of TVL, with 2 million active accounts and over
50% of the market value lock. It is also cheaper than Ethereum by
about 100x. Arbitrum is now focusing on social and gaming use cases,
and is working on launching Stylus, which will enable the use of more
than EVM-based languages. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

PROPOSAL FOR UNISWAP V3 TO DEPLOY ON AVALANCHE (6 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1629608358842974209.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap v3’s Business Source License is expiring soon, so after
April 1st, all BSL-protected code will be open source under GPL. Since
Uni v3 isn’t on Avalanche yet, this thread explains the logic behind
the proposal to deploy there. 

SPECULATORS PUSH PRICE OF TESTNET ETHER ON GOERLI NETWORK TO $1.60 (2
MIN READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/215248/speculators-push-price-of-testnet-ether-on-goerli-network-to-1-60?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Last week, LayerZero launched a way for Goerli testnet ether to be
swapped between mainnet and testnet, creating a market for the native
currency of testnet. The pair Goerly ETH / USD pair traded all the way
up to $1.60 over the weekend. 

THE ULTIMATE FORM OF BLOCKCHAIN GAMING: EXPLORING 'FULLY ON-CHAIN'
THROUGH DARK FOREST & LOOT (50 MIN READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/vanishk.eth/kXdSumWuR9JHZHKQz9uvjQeaxME6TsOH9cPklXsBJn4?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article is a very deep dive into blockchain gaming, different
types of blockchain games, and some examples of well-executed, fully
on-chain games. 

TELEGRAM CHANNELS TO FOLLOW TO STAY ON TOP OF THE MARKETS (3 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1629875149292879875.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Twitter is a great resource to keep up with what’s going on in
crypto, but Discord and Telegram can also contain a wealth of
information. The difficulty with things like Telegram is
discoverability. This thread helps with that, running through some
Telegram channels to follow to keep up with the space. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=86e2dc24-b65e-11ed-bda2-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677517220&t=1677517623&s=98107c4aef34c29b25a0c632da587f0b9b9d745e0dae6efc31a38453e96eda6e].


 