# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-10-2023

Deutsche Bank and Standard Charteredâ€™s SC Ventures are piloting a
system through the Universal Digital Payments NetworkÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7f90bee8-74a2-11ee-a89f-fdb9e514ce82&pt=campaign&t=1698409454&s=b09663f2eab2f8154142d87a16c5a837b8a5965ae51c81dde5a1e8595debb470]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-27

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 MORE TOKENS THAN EVER ARE BEING STAKED, SAYS NEW RESEARCH (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/203356/more-tokens-than-ever-are-being-staked-says-new-research?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 According to Staked's latest report, staking rates for the top 35
proof-of-stake cryptocurrencies hit a record high of 52.4% in Q3,
marking an increase from the previous quarter's 49.3%. The report also
found the networks with the highest staking rates were Aptos, SUI,
Mina, Solana, and Cosmos. However, these higher staking rates led to a
decrease in staking yields, with the average yield dropping to 10.2%. 

 DEUTSCHE BANK AND STANDARD CHARTERED VENTURES TEST SWIFT KILLER FOR
STABLECOINS AND CBDCS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/26/deutsche-bank-and-standard-chartered-ventures-test-swift-killer-for-stablecoins-and-cbdcs/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Deutsche Bank and Standard Charteredâ€™s SC Ventures are piloting a
system through the Universal Digital Payments Network that enables
interoperability between blockchain-based transactions, stablecoins,
and central bank digital currencies. Using a bank-friendly and
regulated environment, the UDPN provides an interoperability bridge
between various blockchain networks while implementing decentralized
digital identity standards. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 HATS MODULES: A NEW ERA FOR PROGRAMMABLE ORGANIZATIONS (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://hats.mirror.xyz/xAk_yb7dDL1OLBx8nq47Ni7V1SuiC6L6B-49u7vz520?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The Hats Protocol has launched a major upgrade, the Hats Module.
Designed to simplify the management of on-chain organizations, Hats
Modules can automate tasks like granting and revoking roles based on
specific criteria, such as token holdings, subscription status, and
reputation scores. These programmable extensions provide a platform
for developers to create their own modules, integrate them into their
own hats tree, and make them accessible across all apps supporting the
Hats Modules Registry. 

 FANTOM LAUNCHES TESTNETS FOR SONIC UPGRADE, ESTIMATES 6,700%
THROUGHPUT GAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/fantom-launches-testnets-for-sonic-upgrade-estimates-6-700-throughput-gain?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Fantom has rolled out testnets for its new Sonic upgrade, which was
designed to compete with top credit card companies and banks in terms
of transaction throughput capabilities. The Fantom Foundation
estimates that Sonic can support up to 2,048 transactions per second
with an average finality of approximately 1.1 seconds. Sonic's mainnet
launch is expected in Q2 2024. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 WHY DID CRYPTO PUMP SO HARD? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mrink0/status/1717614968395190388?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The recent surge in crypto prices may be due to low liquidity.
Bitcoin's 1% book depth is at its lowest point this year and capital
continues to flow out due to high interest rates and more attractive
traditional finance yields. New tokens are also competing for
liquidity, changing the market dynamics. Because of these dynamics,
there is very thin liquidity in the crypto markets, exacerbating price
volatility. 

 EVM MASTERY (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Quillhash/EVM-Mastery?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 "EVM Mastery" offers a comprehensive list of resources aimed at
better understanding and utilizing the Ethereum Virtual Machine. This
resource can help developers learn how to write, deploy, and audit
smart contracts and decentralized applications. It leverages a
combination of articles, videos, papers, puzzles, and more to help
developers master the topic. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 INSIDE THE TRIAL: SAM BANKMAN-FRIED FINALLY TESTIFIES - SORT OF (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/259719/inside-the-trial-sam-bankman-fried-finally-testifies-sort-of?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In an unusual move, Sam Bankman-Fried was questioned without the jury
present in his fraud trial. While answering questions from both
defense and prosecution, the former FTX CEO skated around the issues
on several counts and at times expressed a lack of detailed knowledge.
The key debate was whether interactions with business lawyers can be
made part of the defense's case. 

 ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE BELONGS ON-CHAIN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.placeholder.vc/blog/2023/10/23/artificial-intelligence-belongs-onchain?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 An influx of AI agents is expected as AI model production cost
decreases, necessitating new on-chain infrastructures and business
models to manage their exponential growth. The problem is that AI
agents can't comply with current laws nor use traditional financial
systems, creating a need for a digital legal and financial system.
Blockchain protocols, smart contract applications, and a sovereign
digital infrastructure may provide a solution, facilitating agent
interactions and ensuring safe AI deployment at a large scale. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 TIME TO PRODUCT-MARKET-FIT IN CRYPTO (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ParadigmaCa/status/1716546913997140013?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This chart shows the time it took for different protocols and
platforms in crypto to reach product-market fit. 

 AN INVESTIGATION INTO THE CANADIAN SCAMMER FOR THEIR INVOLVEMENT IN
17+ SIM SWAPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/zachxbt/status/1717176615300472964?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 A recent bout of SIM swaps resulted in over $4.5 million in stolen
crypto. This thread exposes one of the individuals involved in the
scheme. 

 SOLANA ADDS INCUBATOR TO SPUR GROWTH AND WOO FOUNDERS AWAY FROM RIVAL
CHAINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/259634/solana-adds-incubator-to-spur-growth-and-woo-founders-away-from-rival-chains?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Solana Labs is launching an incubator to entice startup founders to
choose Solana, offering engineering, market strategy guidance, and
fundraising exposure to boost network growth. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7f90bee8-74a2-11ee-a89f-fdb9e514ce82&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698408055&t=1698409454&s=bb2a70d44078903179ce7cf6ed0776fead2aa1887fcc188bb350c095b5b0dd04].