# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-08-2023

The US Treasury Department is proposing a new rule to place tighter
requirements on brokers to report user transactions to the IRS.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=122c5800-458e-11ee-87fa-bf729f9639b9&pt=campaign&t=1693224226&s=324677a7d112f56a44105ee63c228ff69626766d72a544e937b1ccd51c2cc3dc]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-28

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BIDEN ADMINISTRATION UNVEILS NEW CRYPTO TAX REPORTING RULES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/markets/us/biden-administration-unveils-new-crypto-tax-reporting-rules-2023-08-25/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The US Treasury Department is proposing a new rule to place tighter
requirements on brokers to report user transactions to the IRS. The
way itâ€™s written also seems to include decentralized exchanges and
NFT marketplaces, meaning those entities would be required to collect
customer information. The proposed Form 1099-DA is said to help
simplify the process for users to report their gains and losses. This
proposal comes as part of the 2021 Infrastructure Investment and Jobs
Act and is expected to take effect in 2025. 

BINANCE DROPS SANCTIONED RUSSIAN BANKS FROM PEER-TO-PEER SERVICE (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/sc3Ej?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance has cut off user access to a number of sanctioned Russian
banks for peer-to-peer transactions. This comes in the wake of media
reports suggesting the platform was enabling Russians to transfer
money overseas. Binance is purportedly in the process of strengthening
compliance policies, reinforcing its commitment to operate within
global regulatory standards. However, some users said in a group chat
they were still able to use the blacklisted banks by exploiting other
available payment options. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

HASHKEY TO START CRYPTO RETAIL TRADING SERVICE IN HONG KONG TODAY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247368/hashkey-crypto-retail-trading-hong-kong?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

HashKey Exchange is launching crypto trading services for retail
clients in Hong Kong starting today. It will initially offer trading
of BTC and ETH. HashKey is the first crypto business in Hong Kong to
receive a license to offer such services. It is looking to partner
with at least 5 brokerages to offer crypto trading services through
its platforms. 

RIVET: A FREE, OPEN-SOURCE DEVELOPER WALLET & TOOLS FOR EVM-BASED
CHAINS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/08/rivet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Paradigm has announced the alpha release of a developer-focused
open-source wallet tool called Rivet. Rivet is designed to improve the
web3 frontend development experience by allowing developers to
examine, modify, and handle state changes on a local Ethereum node.
The project seeks to enhance productivity and encourage robust testing
and debugging against a local node, tapping into a kind of
functionality inaccessible in regular consumer wallets. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BRIDGEKIT - THE EASIEST WAY TO BUILD MULTICHAIN DAPPS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Sneh1999/BridgeKit?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This repository contains a plug-and-play React library called
BridgeKit that enables in-app cross-chain bridging and swaps in
decentralized applications. It describes the simple setup process.
BridgeKit provides an array of different bridging options for users to
utilize in apps. 

8 AIRDROPS IN ONE STRATEGY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/nobrainflip/status/1695118390762094637?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread lays out a step-by-step guide to making transactions that
could qualify you for eight different airdrops. Projects include
familiar names such as LayerZero Labs, zkSync, Scroll, and Zora.
Several of these airdrops like LayerZero, zkSync, and Scroll have been
highly anticipated based on the vast amounts of funding the companies
have raised. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COLLECTING THE ALGORITHM: A PRIMER FOR ON-CHAIN GENERATIVE ART (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.curated.xyz/editorial/collecting-the-algorithm?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explains how on-chain generative art is seen as the new
frontier for many collectors. Generative artâ€™s value as a digital
asset has begun to move beyond speculation to legitimate appreciation
and collectibility. It offers benefits including verifiable
provenance, no deterioration over time, instant ownership transfers,
and trustless sales. The post also articulates how this new form of
appreciating and collecting art could attract new generations of
collectors, most of whom are digitally native. 

KITE OR BOARD (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.substack.com/p/kite-or-board?utm_source=tldrcyrpto]

This essay discusses the concept of fiscal dominance, where the
central bank is forced to prioritize government debt funding over
maintaining low inflation. It references a paper by Dr. Charles
Calomiris, which suggests that the Federal Reserve and US Treasury may
resort to such a strategy to address the high levels of government
debt and deficits. The essay argues that this could lead to the Fed
reducing interest rates, increasing bank reserve requirements, and
pushing capital out of the banking system and into alternative assets
like crypto. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ON OPâ€™S SUPERCHAIN MODEL AND POTENTIAL CHALLENGES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AlanaDLevin/status/1695813667676451109?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post walks through some of the incentives issues that could
plague OPâ€™s Superchain model. It specifically focuses on Baseâ€™s
share of OP tokens and how there are seemingly no restrictions on its
sales of those tokens. 

A LOOK INSIDE OF FTX AND ALAMEDA BY A FORMER ALAMEDA RESEARCH ENGINEER
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/aditya_baradwaj/status/1694355617576898838?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread is the first part in a series by a former Alameda Research
Engineer that gives an inside look into FTX and Alameda and the nature
of the relationship between the two companies. 

FED CHAIR JEROME POWELL WARNS THE FIGHT AGAINST INFLATION IS FAR FROM
OVER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.npr.org/2023/08/25/1195908947/federal-reserve-jerome-powell-inflation-economy-interest-rates?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Jerome Powell continues to hold the position that the fight against
inflation is not over and that more rate hikes will likely be
necessary. 

PEPE CONFIRMS FORMER TEAM MEMBERS STOLE $15 MILLION FROM MULTISIG
WALLET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247576/pepe-team-members-stole-15-million-from-multisig?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Last week, three ex-team members of PEPE, the memecoin, allegedly
stole $15 million, sold the tokens, and deleted their social accounts,
causing an 18% drop in PEPE and sending shockwaves throughout the rest
of the memecoins. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=122c5800-458e-11ee-87fa-bf729f9639b9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693224019&t=1693224226&s=948a2612aeb98ef1b1b77de7b5ffb5fe90cad80ca0cbbc6ac3c49594c1a1f74d].