# Articles TLDR Crypto 07-03-2023

Reports surfaced yesterday that Amazon’s rumored NFT marketplace is
scheduled to launch on April 24.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6e057324-bcbc-11ed-b1a0-810cb50cdd5a&pt=campaign&t=1678194431&s=31d8faec8d24433ec6729d9fa82fe9abf766c61b61835d831fd2b21716f164aa]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-07

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

KRAKEN IS ON TRACK TO LAUNCH BANK 'VERY SOON' DESPITE REGULATORY
'WEIRD PLACE' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/217177/kraken-is-on-track-to-launch-bank-very-soon-despite-regulatory-weird-place?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Despite a challenging regulatory environment, Kraken is apparently
moving ahead with plans to launch its own bank. This launch comes on
the heels of Kraken’s settlement with the SEC over its staking
services. It’s also in the midst of uncertainty surrounding
Silvergate, one of the largest crypto banks, and its solvency. With
one crypto banking option potentially being lost in Silvergate, Kraken
could be a welcome addition to the ecosystem’s banking options with
solid banking relationships and a “diversified group of banks all
around the world”. 

TETHER'S USDT STABLECOIN MARKET SHARE RISES TO HIGHEST LEVEL IN 15
MONTHS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/06/tethers-usdt-stablecoin-market-share-rises-to-highest-level-in-15-months/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tether's USDT has surpassed 54% market share among stablecoins, and it
has gained $5 billion in market cap since mid-February bringing it to
$71.6 billion. These gains come mostly at the expense of rival
stablecoin BUSD, which came under scrutiny when Paxos was ordered to
stop minting BUSD. The stablecoin subsequently shrunk from a $16
billion market cap to below $9 billion. Stablecoins have become
increasingly important in the crypto economy, with a peak market
capitalization of $188 billion in May 2022. Even though Tether is
facing scrutiny from regulators due to its lack of transparency, USDT
remains the most traded cryptocurrency, with a 24-hour trading volume
of $27 billion. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AMAZON NFTS WILL BE TIED TO REAL-WORLD ASSETS, TOKEN POSSIBLE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/amazon-nfts-real-world-assets-token?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Reports surfaced yesterday that Amazon’s rumored NFT marketplace is
scheduled to launch on April 24. While an Amazon spokesperson declined
to comment on the matter, two sources say the marketplace will launch
by this May at the latest. It will reportedly be marketed to Amazon
Prime customers in the US first. There is very little known about what
the marketplace will actually provide, but there is speculation that
the NFTs will be tied to real-world assets. While it is unclear what
protocol will be leveraged or if a token will be involved, one source
stated referred to the structure as a “very walled garden”. 

TORNADO CASH FORK, PRIVACY POOLS, DEPLOYED ON OPTIMISM TESTNET (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/03/06/tornado-cash-fork-privacy-pools-deployed-on-optimism-testnet/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Privacy Pools, a successor to coin mixer Tornado Cash, was recently
deployed on Optimism’s testnet. It allows users to make anonymous
transactions and uses zero-knowledge proofs to prove that funds in the
anonymous transactions are not connected to criminal activity. The
protocol is still experimental code and has not been audited, but it
gives users “the option to help regulators isolate funds, without
revealing their entire transaction history. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THOUGHTS ON CRYPTO RISK PREMIA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632895944026132480.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The thread discusses the idea of risk premia and how to assess it in
crypto in light of the abundant counterparty and rug risks in the
space. While the 20% yields you run across in crypto could sound
enticing, you have to make sure and account for the fact that
counterparty or rug risk is relatively extremely high. Often, if you
look at investments from this perspective, the adjusted yield would be
lower than what you could expect in the traditional investment
landscape. The thread also discusses how to find alpha or
inefficiencies while remaining risk-averse and not overexposing
oneself to illiquid trades. 

HOW TO SURVIVE IN CRYPTO LONG-TERM (WITHOUT GETTING LUCKY) (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://route2fi.substack.com/p/how-to-survive-in-crypto-long-term?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article lays out strategies for making it in crypto in the
long-term. In order to make it in crypto, it's important to understand
that it's a PvP landscape and there's no one out there to save you if
you make a mistake. BTC and ETH are generally the safest bets for the
long-term investor, but outside of that, long-term investing in crypto
has generally not been a great strategy. For example, very few tokens
that were in the top 100 coins by market cap 5 years ago still are
now. Since crypto markets are still not very efficient, you can
sometimes 10x and 100x on smaller projects, but these outcomes are
rare. Because of this, small bets give traders the chance to make
these multiples without risking their entire portfolios. While this
article just outlines one person’s opinion, it’s a good reminder
to avoid FOMO and take a more logical approach to investing in crypto.


🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS IN CONFERENCE AT THE “WILD WEST” ARE WARMING
TO COMPLIANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/ethereum-developers-in-conference-at-the-wild-west-are-warming-to-compliance?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


At ETHDenver, it was clear that developers and founders have become
more accepting of the need to comply with rules and regulations in
order to survive. Projects such as Lexproof, Yug Network, kycDAO, and
Opolis are all working to increase compliance in crypto and account
for things like KYC and accredited investor verification. While some
companies that invested early in tackling the hard problems around
compliance are reaping the rewards now, others such as stablecoin
projects, are under scrutiny by the SEC. Although the legislative
branch is unlikely to pass new laws for the digital asset industry in
the near term, the SEC's aggressive stance will likely remain and the
crypto space is adapting to the more adversarial regulatory
environment. 

COINBASE PURCHASES ONE RIVER DIGITAL IN MOVE INTO ASSET MANAGEMENT
BUSINESS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/216885/coinbase-purchases-one-river-digital-in-move-into-asset-management-business?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase has purchased One River Digital Asset Management, a
subsidiary of a hedge fund named One River Asset Management founded by
Eric Peters. The new company will be renamed Coinbase Asset Management
and Peters will serve as its CEO and chief investment officer. The
purchase is part of Coinbase's plan to bring more institutional
capital into the crypto space. Coinbase previously invested in One
River Digital and partnered with the firm at the start of last year to
offer a platform for wealth managers to provide crypto exposure to
their clients. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

YUGA LABS' BITCOIN NFT COLLECTION FETCHES TOP BID OF NEARLY $160K (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/03/06/yugas-bitcoin-nft-collection-fetches-top-bid-of-nearly-160k/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Yuga Labs' first Bitcoin-based NFT collection, 'TwelveFold', closed
its auction with 3,246 total bidders, generating 735.7 BTC, about
$16.5 million, in revenue and awarded NFTs to the top 288 successful
bidders. The collection was inspired by the relationship between time,
mathematics, and the blockchain. 

SHOCKING NEW CASE FILED BY THE SEC (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632825794979397633.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The SEC has recently filed a case alleging that selling crypto mining
equipment and offering hosting services for it constitutes an
"investment contract" under Howey, although the SEC has never issued
guidance on this before. This is just the latest in a growing line of
cases where it seems the SEC is attempting to extend its jurisdiction.


THE ECONOMIES OF CRYPTO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://raoulpal.substack.com/p/the-economies-of-crypto?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum are really more like
digital nation-states than traditional technology and can be thought
of as economies, with intrinsic and extrinsic value in their own
right. In this essay, Raoul Paul breaks down the dynamics of these
economies. 

A TWEET TO THE SEC STAFF FROM A FORMER SEC STAFFER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632790452058439682.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down how the SEC has been given the authority to
exempt entire classes of securities from federal securities laws and
has used it in the past. This same authority could be used to craft a
tailored regime that protects investors while preserving capital
formation in the crypto industry and is what the rest of the world is
doing. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6e057324-bcbc-11ed-b1a0-810cb50cdd5a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678194017&t=1678194431&s=fd91b4def35512bcd48dce943740611b77cc5164b3f61d7f4520cf246833655f].


 