# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-05-2023

Yesterday, Blur introduced Blend, a borrowing-and-lending protocol
offering perpetual loans for NFT holders.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e8d46a96-e8c3-11ed-84b7-a98fba20e3e2&pt=campaign&t=1683029330&s=b2d1932d9d86e1368a8edaf88a3631f0d591edb95871254aeb35d6eada62fa8d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-02

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE TO REENTER JAPAN VIA ACQUIRED REGULATED EXCHANGE SEBC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-to-re-enter-japan-via-acquired-regulated-exchange-sebc?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Through the acquisition of Sakura Exchange Bitcoin, Binance will be
reentering the Japanese market. As of May 31, SEBC will cease
operations and will reopen as Binance Japan in June. Users must
withdraw funds before May 28 as new identity verification will be
required for Binance Japan. Binance had previously faced regulatory
issues in Japan and other countries, but has reentered these markets
by acquiring stakes in regulated entities or partnering with licensed
companies. This also comes at a time where interest in crypto from
both retail and governing bodies has been growing in Japan. 

CRYPTO COMPANIES PLEAD WITH UK REGULATORS NOT TO FOLLOW THE US (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/138534/crypto-uk-regulators-follow-us-a16z-coinbase-polygon?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto-focused venture capital firm a16z has urged the UK Treasury to
adopt a more "nuanced" approach to cryptocurrency regulation than the
US. The UK government recently outlined its first crypto rules, aiming
to regulate crypto exchanges like any other traditional finance
exchange. In a consultation and call for evidence letter penned by
a16z, the Treasury’s actions were lauded as both fair and flexible.
Polygon Labs also welcomed the UK's regulatory efforts, suggesting
that unbacked crypto assets be treated differently from those with
specific backing or teams behind them. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BLUR LAUNCHES NFT PERPETUAL LOAN PROTOCOL TO BOOST LIQUIDITY OF NFTS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://unchainedcrypto.com/exclusive-blur-launches-nft-perpetual-loan-protocol-to-boost-liquidity-of-nfts/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Yesterday, Blur introduced Blend, a borrowing-and-lending protocol
offering perpetual loans for NFT holders. These loans have set amounts
and rates, with interest accruing until repayment. Lenders prepare
loan offers to NFT collections and can liquidate their loan through a
30-hour auction. What Blend essentially allows is for NFT holders to
gain liquidity on their NFTs by taking loans out against them and for
buyers to acquire NFTs with leverage. For example, you could buy an
Azuki yesterday by posting only ~2 ETH as collateral even though the
floor was at 15+ ETH. This is essentially a buy now pay later
mechanism for NFTs. 

LENS SOCIAL MEDIA PROTOCOL UNVEILS LAYER 3 SCALING SOLUTION (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/lens-layer-3-momoka?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

While all the rage lately has been L2s, the team behind Lens, a
decentralized social media protocol, has started beta-testing Momoka,
a Layer 3 scaling solution. The Ethereum ecosystem is shifting towards
Layer 3 solutions, otherwise known as AppChains, to further scale the
base chain. Lens' Momoka is an Optimistic Layer 3 data availability
layer, helping to reduce on-chain storage requirements and costs. It
processes Polygon transactions off-chain and stores them on a data
availability layer. Scaling solutions like this are going to be
necessary to onboard the masses to crypto, especially when web3 games
and social media platforms begin to gain traction. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

MOVING NFTS FROM POLYGON TO ZKEVM TO POLYGON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1651964874816368642.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


LayerZero recently integrated with Polygon zkEVM, enabling cross-chain
communication for various blockchains and rollups. This developer has
created a set of contracts that allow minting, sending, and receiving
NFTs between Polygon and Polygon zkEVM using LayerZero to show you how
LayerZero and Polygon zkEVM work together. This guide demonstrates
LayerZero's capabilities and provides a hands-on introduction to
Polygon's zkEVM. However, it is important to note that using these
contracts on mainnet will incur some real ETH gas costs, and the NFT
has no metadata or value; it serves only as a tool for experimenting
with Polygon zkEVM and LayerZero. 

PROJECTS TO WATCH IN THE SUI ECOSYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1652760034185469953.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With the Sui mainnet launch coming tomorrow, you might need to get a
basic understanding of the main projects in the ecosystem. This thread
highlights eight notable GameFi-centric projects launching on mainnet.
These projects include SUI Outcasts, Bushi, Cosmocadia, Abyss World,
Final Stardust, Ancient Dynasties, Sugar Kingdom, and Gamio.
Additionally, Gommies is mentioned for its standout art, though it is
not a GameFi project. In a chain already much anticipated for its
GameFi bent, these upcoming launches encompass a variety gaming
concepts, partnerships, and community engagement, making them worth
watching in the GameFi space. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE KINGDOM OF BHUTAN HAS BEEN QUIETLY MINING BITCOIN FOR YEARS (8
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/XRlLB?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Bhutan has apparently been utilizing its hydroelectricity reserves to
power a state-owned Bitcoin mining operation. The project, which began
a few years ago, remained undisclosed until recently. This comes to
light as Bhutan has been in talks with Nasdaq-listed Bitdeer to build
a 100 MW Bitcoin mining data center in the country and only a couple
weeks after reports that the country’s alleged sovereign wealth fund
had been investing in crypto. Bhutan's growing involvement in the
crypto space has caused concern among international supporters,
especially as it seemed to keep its involvement in the space under
wraps. 

SECRETIVE TRADING FIRMS THAT PILE INTO CRYPTO ARE ‘FIRST SIGN’ OF
MAINSTREAM ADOPTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/markets/speed-trading-firms-in-crypto-a-sign-of-finance-adoption/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


High-frequency trading firms like Jump Trading, Jane Street, and Tower
Research Capital have been involved in cryptocurrencies since
Bitcoin's early days, exploiting the volatility and growing populous
of uninformed retail investors. These firms, known for their
ultra-fast trading systems, are now paving the way for mainstream
adoption of digital assets. As regulation and default risk become more
manageable, large asset managers such as BlackRock and Fidelity are
expected to follow suit. Despite reduced profitability in other
markets, HFT firms continue to find significant opportunities in the
crypto space. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

PEPE COIN ENTERS MARKET’S TOP 100 CRYPTOCURRENCIES, SOARING 111%
OVERNIGHT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/138454/pepe-coin-enters-markets-top-100-cryptocurrencies-soaring-overnight?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


PEPE, the meme coing that has taken the space by storm, entered the
top 100 largest cryptos on Monday with a $582 million market cap,
surging 111% in 24 hours and 304% weekly, just two weeks after launch.


SOTHEBY'S LAUNCHES ON-CHAIN SECONDARY NFT MARKETPLACE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/05/01/sothebys-launches-on-chain-secondary-nft-marketplace/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sotheby's is launching a curated, peer-to-peer secondary marketplace
for NFT art through its Metaverse platform. The marketplace will
include aggregated listings of 1/1 pieces from across different
marketplaces. 

MULTI-CONTRACT REENTRANCY LOCKS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@elliotfriedman3/multi-contract-reentrancy-locks-8c12934e30ab?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the development of a global reentrancy lock to
protect complex multi-contract systems from reentrancy attacks. This
lock features multiple layers and ensures safe, concurrent access to
functions while preventing reentrancy vulnerabilities. 

OPEN QUESTIONS AND THOUGHTS AROUND SHARED SEQUENCERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1652117554654253056.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down how shared sequencers offer a decentralized
sequencing solution for L2s, improving liveness and censorship
resistance but lack cross-chain atomicity and transaction execution
guarantees. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e8d46a96-e8c3-11ed-84b7-a98fba20e3e2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683028861&t=1683029330&s=2b9db7cba4f23a97557747555a60429a68418f0ee2102869c2d2032d4e077119].


 