# Articles TLDR Crypto 07-07-2023

Binance is facing a significant management crisis as several key
executives have resigned over CZâ€™s handling of ongoing regulatory
investigationsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ca86dc4c-1cab-11ee-942a-f98a56686aca&pt=campaign&t=1688731437&s=462633b4eaa9a2ca23da91cea9c531dffd5074a6667eb8077cd90a0dd6b7e450]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-07

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LONDON WANTS AMERICAN CRYPTO REFUGEES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/london-wants-american-crypto-refugees?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The UK is aiming to become a global hub for crypto by drafting
regulations to create a more inviting environment for crypto firms
seeking clear regulatory frameworks. Despite this past yearâ€™s
vicious market downturn, ex-UK Chancellor Rishi Sunak maintains a
vision to make the UK a leading crypto technology player. For firms
like a16z, which recently announced its expansion to London, the UK
offers a reprieve from the US where regulators have been criticized
for heavy-handedness and lack of clarity. 

BINANCE PLUNGES INTO CRISIS AS SENIOR EXECS QUIT OVER CEO CHANGPENG
ZHAOâ€™S RESPONSE TO JUSTICE DEPARTMENT INVESTIGATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/sLBI5?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Binance is facing a significant management crisis as several key
executives have resigned over CZâ€™s handling of ongoing regulatory
investigations. Among the senior figures leaving are the General
Counsel, Chief Strategy Officer, and SVP for Compliance. Binance,
which is dealing with regulatory struggles globally, is now more
vulnerable to increased scrutiny as the resignations are from
departments that directly interact with regulators. Apparently, the
resignations stem from dissatisfaction with Zhao's response to a probe
by the US Justice Department over alleged regulatory circumvention and
possible money laundering. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CIRCLE LAUNCHES PROGRAMMABLE WALLET SERVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.circle.com/en/programmable-wallets?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Circle launched a Wallet-as-a-Service product, Circle Programmable
Wallets. This platform enables developers to seamlessly embed wallets
into their apps, allowing them to easily offer crypto services to
users. These wallets can help streamline cross-border transactions and
foster customer engagement with crypto products like NFTs, while still
offering flexible custody options and operational monitoring. Its
user-friendly interface also simplifies the crypto UX, bypassing the
need for users to deal with complex private keys. Currently supporting
Ethereum, Polygon, and Avalanche, the service bases its pricing on a
scalable pay-as-you-go model. 

IDEX UNVEILS ZKEVM LAYER 2 CHAIN BASED ON POLYGON SUPERNETS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/238140/idex-unveils-a-zkevm-layer-2-chain-based-on-polygon-supernets?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

IDEX, one of the oldest DEXs on Ethereum, is developing its own L2,
Xchain. Built with technology from Polygon's Supernets software stack,
Xchain is currently being tested as a decentralized perpetual trading
platform. Polygon is aiming to help projects by giving them a platform
on which to launch their own chains, and Xchain is a great example of
that. IDEX CEO, Alex Wearn, is betting that this new development will
enable IDEX to compete directly with centralized exchanges. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

OPPORTUNITIES AND CONSIDERATIONS OF ETHEREUMâ€™S BLOCKSPACE FUTURE (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://frontier.tech/ethereums-blockspace-future?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Developers are exploring the potential benefits of introducing
derivative markets to Ethereum's gas market. Derivatives, which have
strengthened spot markets in the past, could improve user and
developer experiences by providing a fixed price for gas and enhance
price discovery efficiency for the Ethereum blockspace. However,
several factors, such as regulatory/legal, market, and
protocol-specific considerations, need to be taken into account to put
this into practice. While the timeline for this market's development
is uncertain, ongoing consolidation of gas buyers, the availability of
hedging products, and an increase in stakeholder sophistication could
serve as a driving force to make it happen. 

BREAKING DOWN LARRY FINKâ€™S VIEW ON BITCOIN AND BLACKROCKâ€™S ETF
APPLICATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1676694731168808960.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

During an interview this week, BlackRock CEO Larry Fink expressed
optimism about both digital assets and tokenization. Broadly, he
believes digital products, like ETFs, are displacing the mutual fund
industry, and thinks that tokenization has the potential to
restructure the banking system and capital markets. Fink also
indicated that he views Bitcoin as an international asset, likening it
to "digitized gold". As for macro predictions, he anticipates
inflation to remain high in the long term and interest rates to rise. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

F.B.I. SEARCHED THE HOME OF CRYPTO EXCHANGE FOUNDER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/a7EWA?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Jesse Powell, Kraken's CEO, is under investigation by the FBI over
claims that he hacked and cyber-stalked a nonprofit arts organization
he founded. The probe revolves around accusations that Powell
obstructed computer accounts at the nonprofit and hindered access to
emails and other communications. No charges have been pressed against
Powell so far. Authorities began scrutinizing him last fall following
a search operation at his LA house. Powell's legal counsel confirmed
the investigation but maintains his innocence, stating it bears no
relevance to his crypto activities. 

PENDLE ATTRACTS OVER $125M IN TVL WITH â€˜DISCOUNTED ASSETSâ€™ (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/compound-token-surges-after-ceo-steps-down-and-unveils-new-compliant-venture?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

DeFi protocol Pendleâ€™s TVL hit an all-time high of $127M this week,
with inflows having increased since the Shanghai upgrade. On top of
that, Pendle's token, PENDLE, is up more than 1,700% this year. Pendle
recently updated to its v2, helping increase efficiency by combining
principal and yield tokens into one pool for improved trading volume
growth. Pendle's unique approach separates both yield and principal,
attracting conservative investors and speculators alike. Binance
recently listed PENDLE, which also accelerated the projectâ€™s growth.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

HOW BLUR TRAIT BIDS MIGHT PLAY OUT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ABBBBBB_NFT/status/1676783028113383427?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Blur introduced trait bidding earlier this week. This thread breaks
down how these trait bids might impact the NFT market. The threadâ€™s
high-level thesis is that trait bids will provoke those holding rare
NFTs but in need of liquidity to accept bids far below the â€˜trait
floorâ€™, bringing rare trait valuations down. 

YOU CAN NOW BUY NFTS ON TWITTER THROUGH INSPECT'S BROWSER EXTENSION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/07/06/you-can-now-buy-nfts-on-twitter-through-inspects-browser-extension/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

NFT Inspect partnered with MoonPay to allow users to buy NFTs through
its Chrome extension. 

PUNK 6529: ON BLUR (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1676982356161490944.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In this thread, Punk 6529 gives his perspective on Blur and the 6529
Fundâ€™s investment in the company. It also covers some of the market
dynamics that are at play with Blur. 

HOW TOM BRADYâ€™S CRYPTO AMBITIONS COLLIDED WITH REALITY (10 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/3ZUKw?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Tom Brady was the poster boy for FTX and is now taking the brunt of
the backlash over celebrity endorsements of FTX. Brady and his ex-wife
Gisele BÃ¼ndchen received $30 million and $18 million respectively in
FTX stock, which is now worthless. They are now being sued by FTX
customers seeking compensation. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ca86dc4c-1cab-11ee-942a-f98a56686aca&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688731232&t=1688731437&s=42a02cade55e2ea254e158dfe07598eaa8df00c7fe82f3b8b3d520fb118fb223].