# Articles TLDR Crypto 12-10-2023

Magic Eden is launching a new digital collectible experience featuring
tokenized Pokemon cardsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=41386df4-68da-11ee-b593-430c24af1c08&pt=campaign&t=1697112612&s=5b7233c53de5a14c3a8f97f0c060dc9db1fd66b28a535a6cc88a45a5e8b2dcb1]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-12

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

DEFI PROTOCOL BARNBRIDGE PREPARES FOR SEC ACTION, FINES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/11/defi-protocol-barnbridge-prepares-for-sec-action-fines/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

DeFi protocol BarnBridge is facing legal issues with the SEC. It is
conducting a token-holder vote on how to respond. The vote is on
whether the founders should comply with SEC orders, which might result
in a potential shutdown. Though unclear what law has been breached,
there are hints that BarnBridge was potentially breaching regulations
around offering securities to US citizens. 

JPMORGAN DEBUTS TOKENIZATION PLATFORM, BLACKROCK AMONG KEY CLIENTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/jp-morgan-debuts-tokenization-platform-tcn-blackrock-key-client-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

JPMorgan has launched its Tokenized Collateral Network, a
blockchain-based application for investors to transfer assets on-chain
after depositing collateral backing them. It recently made its first
trade with asset management company BlackRock by turning shares of a
money market fund into tokens for an over-the-counter trade. The
platform is designed to improve transaction efficiency and security
and allows quicker collateral movement compared to traditional
methods. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

TOKENIZED DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES ON MAGIC EDEN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/MagicEden/status/1712180325831364640?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Magic Eden is launching a new digital collectible experience featuring
tokenized Pokemon cards. These cards, which will be dropped next week,
are physically backed and can be redeemed. Some of the highlighted
cards include the 2000 Pokemon Gym Challenge 1st Edition Holo
Blaineâ€™s Charizard #2 and the 2006 Pokemon Ex Crystal Guardians Holo
Charizard #4. 

AXELAR PREPARES TOKENOMIC OVERHAUL FOR AXL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/axelear-tokenomics-axl-overhaul-deflationary-blockchain-integration?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Axelar, a cross-chain platform, is planning to alter the tokenomics of
its native currency, AXL. The current inflation rate of 11.5% will be
reduced to around 5.2%, with an additional 0.3% for each external
chain. This will encourage connections to external chains while
controlling inflation. Additionally, Axelar plans to simplify the
integration of L2s through an Axelar Virtual Machine and an Interchain
Amplifier, allowing for automated multi-chain applications and
scalable light-client connections. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ROLLBIT RESEARCH REPORT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jake_pahor/status/1712000166889476272?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread lays out how Rollbit, a leading online crypto casino, is
well-positioned to capitalize on the growth in online gambling. With
revenue in online sports betting projected to reach $131 billion by
2027, Rollbit has gained popularity for its wide range of offerings
such as sports betting, NFTs, and crypto futures. Despite concerns
regarding centralization and risk management, Rollbit is a clear
frontrunner for the crypto-enabled online gambling scene. 

EMBRACING SPECULATION AS A GO-TO-MARKET APPROACH IN DEFI (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://variant.fund/articles/speculation-as-go-to-market-strategy-defi/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post from Variant explains how DeFi projects have successfully
achieved rapid product-market fit by capitalizing on financial
speculation. This strategy, faced with criticism in the consumer
social category, is considered the norm in the DeFi sector. New DeFi
protocols often struggle for initial liquidity, as users are wary of
the risks involved with new smart contracts. To overcome this, these
protocols offer a product that presents an opportunity for rewards
significant enough to attract early adopters and speculators. This
post argues that this strategy could be implemented beyond just the
DeFi sector. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BITWISE CIO EXPECTS U.S. SPOT BITCOIN ETFS TO SEE $55 BILLION OF
INFLOWS IN FIRST 5 YEARS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pionline.com/exchange-traded-funds/bitwise-cio-expects-us-spot-bitcoin-etfs-see-55-billion-inflows-first-5-years?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bitwise Asset Management CIO Matthew Hougan predicts that proposed
U.S.-listed spot bitcoin ETFs could see $55 billion in net inflows
over the next five years. The estimate is based on the performance of
bitcoin ETFs in other markets and could potentially include funds
converting from the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust. Hougan also cited the
need for investors to select asset managers familiar with the crypto
space. 

HOW QUANTUM COMPUTING AFFECTS BITCOIN: EXPLORING THE IMPACT (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://quantumpositioned.com/bitcoin-exploring-the-impact/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Development in quantum computing could potentially disrupt the
security of cryptocurrencies, particularly Bitcoin. Bitcoin uses
blockchain technology for transaction safety, which some argue can be
compromised by quantum computers due to their ability to perform
calculations exponentially faster than classical computers. However,
experts believe post-quantum encryption algorithms and soft forks in
Bitcoin's protocol could help secure it from quantum computer attacks.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

SBF HAD A TWEET THREAD PREPARED FOR A POSSIBLE ALAMEDA SHUTDOWN IN
SEPTEMBER 2022 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/255804/sbf-had-a-tweet-thread-prepared-for-a-possible-alameda-shutdown-in-september-2022?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

It was revealed at his trial that Sam Bankman-Fried allegedly drafted
a tweet preparing for Alameda Research's shutdown but never ended up
submitting it. 

WOO NETWORK BUYS BACK SHARES AND TOKENS FROM BANKRUPT THREE ARROWS
CAPITAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/11/woo-network-buys-back-shares-and-tokens-from-bankrupt-three-arrows-capital/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

WOO Network is working with Teneo to repurchase shares and tokens from
bankrupt 3AC. This is an interesting challenge that some companies
might face as a number of investors are facing bankruptcy in the midst
of the bear market. 

ALAMEDA HACKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/aditya_baradwaj/status/1712181985844600913?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Alameda Research's lax security due to prioritizing speed led to major
financial losses from frequent security incidents. This thread from an
ex-Alameda employee details a few of these security breaches. 

FIRST ABU DHABI BANK USES JPMORGAN ONYX TO COMPLETE CROSS-BORDER
PAYMENT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/scottmelker/status/1712223477313278396?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

First Abu Dhabi Bank used JPMorgan's Onyx for cross-border payment,
marking another step forward for Onyx and JPMorganâ€™s involvement in
the space. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=41386df4-68da-11ee-b593-430c24af1c08&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697112257&t=1697112612&s=6d84a8d9ef519f0e5ce75b7ee7e03292e45adaa1371bed8dce557d313382f87c].