# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-09-2023

Sam Bankman-Frieds parents, Barbara Fried and Joseph Bankman, have had
long, distinguished careers in law.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=daabd6c8-53aa-11ee-bdc8-513a1732c0a8&pt=campaign&t=1694779507&s=1ecdb39381f0b2ea946950bbc39379fea42b402565d14fa5835211aec8e54d66]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-15

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GENESIS TO 'VOLUNTARILY' CLOSE TRADING SERVICES ACROSS ALL BUSINESS
ENTITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/genesis-derivatives-trading-close-services?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Genesis, a crypto firm and subsidiary of DCG, is discontinuing its
spot and derivatives trading operations. The change will take effect
immediately, with existing open derivatives positions being honored
until expiry. A spokesperson confirmed that the company no longer
offers trading services through any of its business entities. This
decision follows a similar move last week, when Genesis Global Trading
ended its crypto spot trading operations, citing strategic reasons. 

DEUTSCHE BANK TO HOLD CRYPTO FOR INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/wv2oN?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Deutsche Bank has partnered with Swiss crypto company Taurus to offer
cryptocurrency and tokenized asset custody services for its
institutional clients. Even though the firm hasn‚Äôt publicly
announced any immediate plans to roll out crypto trading, the move
marks Deutsche Bank's entry into crypto custody. The initiative comes
with careful considerations around regulation and risk management,
ensuring it does not impact the bank's other activities. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUI NETWORK LAUNCHES GOOGLE, TWITCH, AND FACEBOOK LOGINS FOR DAPPS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/sui-network-launch-google-facebook-logins-for-dapps?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Sui has streamlined web3 onboarding by introducing a feature that
enables users to log into decentralized applications using their
Google, Facebook, or Twitch credentials, eliminating the need for an
external crypto wallet or seed phrase. This development aims to
overcome the common difficulties users encounter when signing up for
blockchain services, such as confusing transaction signatures and
maintaining seed phrases, ultimately making using crypto more
accessible to mainstream users. 

CIRCLE AND GRAB PILOT WEB3 EXPERIENCES IN SINGAPORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.circle.com/en/pressroom/circle-and-grab-pilot-web3-experiences-in-singapore?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Circle announced that it had teamed up with Grab to trial new web3
services to consumers through the ‚ÄúGrab web3 Wallet.‚Äù The wallet
enables users to create a blockchain-based wallet, accumulate rewards,
and use NFT vouchers. This partnership presents a practical
application of the Monetary Authority of Singapore's Project Orchid
initiative, allowing the use of the SG Pitstop Pack NFT vouchers at
select places during the upcoming F1 Singapore Grand Prix. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

COME FOR THE POINTS, STAY FOR THE FRENS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://tokenterminal.com/crypto-research/friend-tech#abstract?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Friend.tech has been gaining steam over the past couple of weeks after
a couple of weeks of cooling off. This report breaks down how the
decentralized platform permits users to monetize its social media
presence and is currently generating more revenue than established
protocols like Lido and Aave. The app is built on Base, an Ethereum
L2, and recently announced a funding round led by Paradigm. While the
initial traction has been impressive, this report suggests that
Friend.tech needs to lessen its dependency on speculation and token
incentives to have staying power. 

CAN WE FIND GOLDILOCKS? MUSINGS ON ‚ÄúTWO-TIERED‚Äù STAKING, A NATIVE
LIQUID STAKING TOKEN DESIGN (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.ethereum.org/@mikeneuder/goldilocks?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This report covers the concept of two-tiered staking for Ethereum. The
mechanism separates staked Ethereum into two groups, slashable node
operator bonds and non-slashable delegated stake, each earning
different rates. The two-tiered system allows for more capital
efficiency and removes slashing risk for delegated stakeholders.
However, it raises questions about interest rate sensitivity, further
centralization, implications of having all Ethereum staked, and
possible dynamic setting for interest rates. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW SAM BANKMAN-FRIED‚ÄôS ELITE PARENTS ENABLED HIS CRYPTO EMPIRE (26
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/bCuje?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Sam Bankman-Fried's parents, Barbara Fried and Joseph Bankman, have
had long, distinguished careers in law. Their reputations and
connections were considered instrumental to the company's success,
raising questions about their roles and involvement in the scheme.
Despite charges against their son, including fraud, money laundering,
and bribery, prosecutors have not accused Fried or Bankman of
wrongdoing. 

VITALIK BUTERIN SAYS PROJECTS SHOULD CONSIDER HOW LONG HONG KONG'S
CRYPTO FRIENDLINESS WILL LAST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/251042/vitalik-buterin-crypto-hong-kong?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ethereum co-founder, Vitalik Buterin, has warned crypto projects
looking to set up in Hong Kong to first consider the stability of the
city's crypto-friendly attitude. Speaking at a summit in Singapore, he
highlighted that future regulatory, political, and other uncertainties
may change the landscape. Buterin also expressed his admiration for
the level of engagement in Asia‚Äôs developer communities. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE INSANITY OF THE SEC 'STONER CAT' ACTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/09/14/the-inanity-of-the-sec-stoner-cat-action/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC‚Äôs lawsuit against the celebrity-backed Stoner Cats NFT
collection raises plenty of questions about how these types of cases
should be resolved. 

SINGAPORE CENTRAL BANK BANS ZHU, DAVIES OVER THREE ARROWS (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/Ki1CY?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Singapore's central bank has banned Su Zhu and Kyle Davies for nine
years due to their failures at their crypto hedge fund Three Arrows
Capital, which collapsed in 2022. 

ETHEREUM CO-FOUNDER SAYS ‚ÄòCLEAR HEADS WILL PREVAIL‚Äô IN THE SEC‚ÄôS
LEGAL BATTLES WITH CRYPTO FIRMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/14/ethereum-co-founder-on-sec-crypto-crackdown-clear-heads-will-prevail.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Joseph Lubin, Ethereum co-founder and ConsenSys CEO, believes US
regulators will eventually see blockchain and cryptocurrency as
aligned with US philosophies, despite current legal disputes regarding
crypto securities. 

FTX OPPOSES BLOCKFI‚ÄôS BANKRUPTCY PLAN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/ftx-blockfi-sam-bankman-fried-oppose-bankruptcy-plan?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

FTX has challenged BlockFi's bankruptcy plan, citing that it has
fundamental flaws and unfairly discriminates against FTX. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=daabd6c8-53aa-11ee-bdc8-513a1732c0a8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694779277&t=1694779507&s=39f8af679f113571a90933964d8d08e9e584f48dcf7ec28df54abc244954ca66].