# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-03-2024

Short-sellers collectively lost $50m as leading memecoins surged in
price  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR]

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-03-04

 TLDR IS HIRING A PART TIME CURATOR FOR
OUR TLDR CRYPTO NEWSLETTER (FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) 

 TLDR is hiring a part time curator to lead
our TLDR Crypto newsletter curation team. The newsletter already
has over 250,000 subscribers, it's a great way to build a personal
brand within the crypto community.
The ideal candidate would work full time in crypto in product or
engineering and spend way too much time on Crypto Twitter and
Farcaster.

Time commitment is ~5-10 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. 

To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 SHIB, WIF CLIMB 60% AS SHORTS LOSE BETTING AGAINST MEME COINS (3
MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Short-sellers collectively lost $50m as leading memecoins surged in
price. PEPE, WIF, and BONK all hit all-time highs over the weekend -
even Doge saw price gains. Memecoins, only recently stepping into the
spotlight as legitimate speculative bets, have rapidly been gaining
traction as an asset class not to be overlooked by investors and
speculators. 

 BITCOIN ETF MANIA IS BOOSTING BLACKROCK AND FIDELITY, WHICH TOGETHER
HAVE CAPTURED 79% OF INFLOWS INTO ‘NEWBORN NINE’ (2 MINUTE READ)
[6] 

 BlackRock's iShares Bitcoin Trust and Fidelity Investments' Wise
Origin Bitcoin Fund have emerged as the leaders of the spot Bitcoin
ETF race so far. These two funds have captured 79% of total inflows
while the rest have struggled to keep up, responding by reducing fees.
Experts expect further concentration among the top ETFs and continuing
fee wars as time goes on. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 UNISWAP LIMIT ORDERS (1 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Uniswap has unveiled a comprehensive Limit Order offering. Users can
now buy and sell tokens at their preferred price without having to
wait and monitor the market. Included in the web app, the feature
optimizes gas fees, auto-executes when market conditions meet user-set
requirements, and can be used for swaps of any size. 

 ASTARIA INTENTS: THE FIRST INTENT-BASED LENDING PLATFORM (1 MINUTE
READ) [8] 

 Astaria has launched a first-of-its-kind intent-based lending
platform. Its unique features include a 24-hour gas-free rate auction
for each new intent. The system fosters competition among lenders to
meet borrowers' intents. Astaria also promises no-fees capital
efficiency, no listing process for new assets, and an oracle-free
lending process. Incentives are in place for both lenders and
borrowers involving $USDC and $WETH. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 THE REAL "NEXT L1 TRADE": MEMECOIN SUPERCYCLE (3 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This thread lays out a thesis for memecoins being the next big trade,
mirroring the L1 trade of last cycle. Memecoins have parallels to L1s.
L1s' proliferation led to a few winners and many losers. The L1s that
won mostly did so by winning the attention game. Memes are similar,
except that they are more of a pure attention play. 

 LIQUIDATION CASCADES AND FLUSHES (3 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This thread walks through strategies investors can utilize during
market "flushes" or sudden downturns. These moments provide a good
opportunity to invest in the strongest-performing assets. Strategies
for investing include mechanical scalps, known as knife catching,
which requires careful handling. The use of alerts, lists, and
screeners is also recommended for staying organized and identifying
what to buy after the dip. Investors need to have a solid plan and a
good understanding of market dynamics. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 NIGERIAN GOVERNMENT FINES BINANCE $10B FOR ‘ILLEGAL TRANSACTIONS’
(2 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 The Nigerian Government is fining Binance $10 billion for profits
gained from what it deems as illegal transactions. The decision
follows the recent detention of Binance executives as part of a larger
crackdown on unpaid taxes and unregistered exchanges. This is in
response to concerns that Binance's actions are destabilizing the
Nigerian economy at a time when it is trying to stabilize its
currency. 

 WHAT THE FUTARCHY (12 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This article dissects the concept of Futarchy and prediction markets,
particularly in the crypto world. Futarchy is a proposed form of
government where decisions are based on prediction markets - betting
on potential outcomes. Although seen as a potential blend of public
participation and professional analysis, challenges exist with this
kind of system such as market manipulation, noise differentiation, and
potential biases. The author offers insights into actual experiments
of these concepts in the crypto space, stressing the 'human element'
meeting 'professional analysis.' 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 UPCOMING ORDINALS DROPS (2 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Ordinals are still a nascent market, and it is difficult to keep up
with new projects in the space. More and more projects are announcing
launches as Ordinals prices continue to skyrocket. This post provides
a good overview of some upcoming drops. 

 WHY AI AND MEMECOINS MIGHT RULE THIS CYCLE (2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 This post makes the case for AI-related tokens and memecoins being
the top-performing assets of this cycle. 

 FRIENDTECH HINTS AT A COMMUNITY-FIRST AIRDROP (1 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Friendtech took the space by storm last year and looked poised to
become the leading SocialFi app. However, users were disappointed that
an airdrop was teased and never came. After losing the pole position
for SocialFi, Friendtech is now hinting at an airdrop. 

 INFAMOUS THREE ARROWS FOUNDERS RETURN TO PEDDLE ‘SUPERCYCLE’
NARRATIVE (2 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 The infamous 3AC founders Kyle Davies and Su Zhu have returned to X,
claiming once again that the "Supercycle" is here and that they were
right about it, despite their fund collapse being one of the catalysts
for the overall market crash in 2022. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [17]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48d75e88-da06-11ee-95de-7b8d178ae670&pt=campaign&t=1709557461&s=8b20ea6cf71db5f5189927f4f55222b5b56d23b088ec1f1bcb6123148fbedb37
[5] https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2024/03/02/shib-wif-climb-60-as-shorts-lose-50m-betting-against-meme-coins/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://fortune.com/2024/03/03/bitcoin-etf-mania-blackrock-fidelity/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://twitter.com/Uniswap/status/1762847450744705319?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/AstariaXYZ/status/1762612905390834173?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://twitter.com/kelxyz_/status/1763684444651536741?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/Stoiiic/status/1763490493403435212?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://watcher.guru/news/nigerian-government-fines-binance-10b-for-illegal-transactions?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://pageone.gg/p/what-the-futarchy?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://twitter.com/DeRonin_/status/1764361585118634199?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://twitter.com/0xMubeenn/status/1764139946062029212?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/friendtech/status/1764395305225650514?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://thedefiant.io/infamous-three-arrows-founders-return-to-peddle-supercycle-narrative?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48d75e88-da06-11ee-95de-7b8d178ae670&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1709557219&t=1709557461&s=dbf227c7c90d0925932c10c735981bc6a0fa6f684a5d3d1a593213ca36f2cc4a