# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-10-2023

BlackRocks iShares Bitcoin Trust, a proposed spot bitcoin ETF, has
shown up on the DTCC list under the IBTC tickerÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c5757652-724e-11ee-a7a7-07dd5ef25ab5&pt=campaign&t=1698149050&s=e4354c7a182ab05a0381e7285e1b41e0697c2a175efe1bc8b3ada9bc92503b5c]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-24

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 BLACKROCK'S SPOT BITCOIN ETF APPEARS ON DTCC WEBSITE WITH TICKER IBTC
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/258041/blackrocks-spot-bitcoin-etf-appears-on-dtcc-website-with-ticker-ibtc?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 BlackRock's iShares Bitcoin Trust, a proposed spot bitcoin ETF, has
shown up on the DTCC list under the IBTC ticker, signaling even
stronger signs of approval. BlackRock has been leading the other
filers with forward-looking preparations as it awaits the SEC's
approval. Its iShares Bitcoin Trust is one of about a dozen spot
bitcoin ETFs under the SEC's review. 

 GRAYSCALE COURT VICTORY OVER SEC IN SPOT BITCOIN ETF CASE MADE FINAL
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/23/grayscale-court-victory-over-sec-in-spot-bitcoin-etf-case-made-final/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has concluded the dispute between
the SEC and Grayscale. The Court directed the SEC to reconsider its
rejection of Grayscale's spot bitcoin ETF application. This puts the
matter back in the SEC's hands, which may approve or reject
Grayscale's plea on different grounds. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 CELESTIA PREPARES FOR IMMINENT MAINNET LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/celestia-prepares-for-imminent-mainnet-launch?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Celestia, a modular blockchain ecosystem project, is gearing up for
its mainnet beta launch. Meanwhile, less than one-third of the 600,000
eligible wallets claimed their TIA tokens after an airdrop, resulting
in a triple airdrop allocation. Celestiaâ€™s developments to date
include a data availability layer and a node API among others for
efficient data publishing. 

 DEUTSCHE BANK AND SC VENTURES COMPLETE FIRST STABLECOIN SWAPS ON UDPN
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/258994/deutsche-bank-and-sc-ventures-complete-first-stablecoin-swaps-on-udpn-report?utm_srouce=tldrcrypto]


 Standard Chartered's SC Ventures and Deutsche Bank have successfully
concluded the first stablecoin swaps on the Universal Digital Payments
Network. The transaction involved the swapping of USDC and EURS
stablecoins. The UDPN, which aims to enhance interoperability among
regulated stablecoins and central bank digital currencies, was
launched at Davos earlier this year and is currently undergoing tests
by several banks. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 THE LANDSCAPE OF ON-CHAIN ETFS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://wintermute.com/the-landscape-of-on-chain-etfs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This article explores the technology and practices behind on-chain
ETFs, shedding light on their mechanics, benefits, and the key players
in this emerging space. Offering comparisons to traditional ETFs, the
article focuses on Set Protocol and protocols/entities like Index Coop
and Alongside. Issues such as selection of constituents, rebalancing,
trading mechanics, and costs are also discussed in the post. While
still in the early stages, on-chain ETFsâ€™ potential could gain
increased traction as the crypto market continues to mature. 

 NORTH AMERICA LEADS WORLD IN CRYPTO USAGE DESPITE ONGOING REGULATORY
QUESTIONS, WHILE STABLECOIN ACTIVITY SHIFTS AWAY FROM U.S. SERVICES (6
MINUTE READ) [https://bit.ly/3QaHSm1] 

 The North American crypto market, driven mainly by the US and Canada,
generated $1.2 trillion worth of on-chain value between July 2022 and
June 2023, accounting for 24.4% of global transactions. This region
mostly consists of institutional activity, with almost 77% of
transaction volume coming from trades over $1 million. The report also
cited less stablecoin usage and a decrease in DeFi adoption, which
could be due to market volatility and regulatory uncertainty. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW THE 2016 BITFINIX HACK ACTUALLY ENDED UP BEING A NET POSITIVE FOR
ITS USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/OlimpioCrypto/status/1716516068964073965?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Bitfinex's parent company, iFinex, has proposed a $150 million stock
buyback as a compensation plan for victims of the 2016 Bitfinex hack
incident. The hack had resulted in the loss of around $72 million in
Bitcoin, which is now valued at roughly $1.7 billion. The offer aims
to acquire about 9% of the company's shares and could signal a move
towards consolidation amidst increasing industry regulation. 

 WEDGE IS THE FOUNDER'S EDGE (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeeprime.capital/wedge-is-the-founder-s-edge?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This post discusses the importance of both market knowledge and a
unique value proposition for startups, focusing on crypto as a key
example. It highlights the danger of aiming for a fraction of a huge
market without appealing to a specific niche first. To illustrate this
point, it cites successful companies such as Amazon and Uniswap, which
focused on a specific market segment before expanding. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 BLACKROCK IS BUYING BITCOIN AND PREPPING FOR ETF APPROVAL (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/scottmelker/status/1716576183553339791?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 BlackRock is taking yet another step towards launching a Bitcoin ETF
as there are talks that it will be potentially seeding its ETF as
early as this month. 

 SCAMMERS EXPLOIT BITCOIN ATMS. WILL NEW CALIFORNIA LAWS HELP CRACK
DOWN ON FRAUD? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/other/scammers-exploit-bitcoin-atms-will-new-california-laws-help-crack-down-on-fraud/ar-AA1iE1H8?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 California has limited Bitcoin ATM transactions to $1,000 daily per
person starting in January under Senate Bill 401 to combat rising scam
incidents. 

 WORLDCOIN SHIFTS ORB OPERATOR PAYMENTS TO WLD TOKENS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cryptotimes.io/worldcoin-shifts-orb-operator-payments-to-wld-tokens/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Worldcoin has transitioned Orb operator payments to WLD tokens from
USDC to promote its network, extending market maker loan agreements
for 75 million tokens until December 15. 

 HONG KONG REVERSES STANCE ON SPOT-CRYPTO, ETF INVESTING, WITH A CATCH
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/23/hong-kong-reverses-stance-on-spot-crypto-etf-investing-with-a-catch/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Hong Kong's regulator is opening spot product sales up to more
investors amid rising interest in spot Bitcoin ETFs. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c5757652-724e-11ee-a7a7-07dd5ef25ab5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698148868&t=1698149050&s=42d938c795b330eb39f51315b3eb9460b3efe51630dc7d0758c9dc0c7c402d7a].