# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-09-2023

The CFTC has charged three DEXs - Opyn, ZeroEx, and Deridex - over
their failure to secure necessary operating licenses in the US.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e1116cdc-5074-11ee-baec-6f1bdf601928&pt=campaign&t=1694433845&s=c9349a41aa29e573891810f7b9a4c6abff823c68e1430267b73ce5ce53baea1f]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-11

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CFTC CHARGES THREE DEFI PROTOCOLS WITH VIOLATING AML RULES, OPERATING
WITHOUT LICENSES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/155509/cftc-charges-three-defi-protocols-with-violating-aml-rules-operating-without-licenses?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The CFTC has charged three DEXs - Opyn, ZeroEx, and Deridex - over
their failure to secure necessary operating licenses in the US. The
exchanges also face additional charges for allowing US users access
and breaching anti-money laundering laws. The CFTC ordered Opyn,
ZeroEx, and Deridex to pay penalties of $250,000, $200,000, and
$100,000 respectively. This move has raised concerns over increased
regulatory pressure on DeFi protocols, especially those operating in
the US or serving US citizens. 

BAD NEWS FOR RIPPLE? LBRY JUDGE PASSES RULING ON IF SECONDARY CRYPTO
SALES ARE SECURITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/lbry-judge-declines-ruling-on-secondary-sales-being-securities?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A US District Court judge chose against ruling on whether the
secondary sale of LBRY tokens, LBC, constitutes a security. The ruling
may have potentially served as a precedent for an impending decision
on the SECâ€™s case against Ripple. Although the SEC won a summary
judgment and initially settled for $22 million, it later requested a
$111,000 fine due to LBRYâ€™s dreary financial status. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PRIVACY ABSTRACTION WITH AZTEC (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/aztec-protocol/privacy-abstraction-with-aztec-def9da73eb5?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Aztec Labs is aiming to be the premier platform for developers wanting
to create privacy-centric apps with features like anonymous default,
private state read/write functionality, and private smart contract
function execution. Instead of leveraging the Ethereum Virtual
Machine, Aztec utilizes an encrypted UTXO data structure for greater
privacy. Additionally, for developers, it offers an interface that
simplifies programming these complex privacy features. 

MULTISWAP, THE NEW STANDARD FOR AMMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TheCavalRe/status/1699614537304158413?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Multiswap, a cutting-edge Automated Market Maker, was introduced by
CavalRe. This platform includes novel features, like native
multi-token swaps, unified liquidity, and single-sided staking, while
solving previous routing and impermanent loss issues. Its ETF-like LP
tokens allow for efficient portfolio management. Additionally,
Multiswap's trading platform offers improved trade execution and
enables users to rebalance their entire cryptocurrency portfolio with
one trade. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

OBSERVATIONS ON FRIENDTECH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/redphonecrypto/status/1700702195899920815?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread goes over a userâ€™s month-long experience with
Friend.tech. Describing initial reservations about the platform's
commoditized access to people's thoughts and content, the author found
merit in Friend.techâ€™s unique interactive, intimate, and thrilling
approach. He expresses positive sentiment towards the platform's
innovative creator-trader-fan dynamics, remarkable growth (TVL at
$18m), potential mainstream appeal, and efficient user experience. 

WHATâ€™S SO SIGNIFICANT ABOUT 33% IN LSTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ShivanshuMadan/status/1700235932115599847?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread dives into why LSTs getting to 33% staking share can lead
to disruptions in the network. It discusses how blockchains operate on
peer-to-peer consensus systems and the need to account for potentially
malicious nodes. The calculation n >= 3f + 1 helps ensure system
stability, where n is the number of nodes, and f represents faulty
nodes. Essentially, to maintain operational integrity, no party should
control more than a third of the stake. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NOUNSDAO BARRELS TOWARD TREASURY SPLIT AFTER NFT HOLDERS RALLY FOR
â€˜RAGE QUITâ€™ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/09/09/nounsdao-barrels-toward-treasury-split-after-nft-holders-rally-for-rage-quit/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Owners of Nouns are opting for a "rage quit," a move reflecting their
dissatisfaction with the project. Instead of selling their NFTs on the
open market in the middle of a bear market, they are seeking a better
price from NounsDAO's Ether token reserve. This step, resulting from
newly enacted rules, allows 20% of NFT holders to split from the group
and claim their share of the project's 30,620 Ether tokens, worth
about $50 million. 

FTX ESTATE SUES LAYERZERO LABS TO RECOVER $86M TRANSFERRED ON EVE OF
BANKRUPTCY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250069/ftx-estate-sues-layerzero-labs-to-recover-86m-transferred-on-eve-of-bankruptcy?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The FTX estate has filed a lawsuit against LayerZero Labs, aiming to
reverse a $45M agreement made days before FTX's bankruptcy. The
lawsuit claims that several transactions involving equity stakes and
tokens were fraudulent due to FTX's insolvency at the time.
Additionally, FTX is seeking to reclaim over $40M in withdrawals by
LayerZero and its ex-COO before the bankruptcy. The decision seeks to
benefit the creditors of the bankrupt estate. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ON A BEAR MARKET (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/punk6529/status/1700182302993617109?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this thread, Punk6529 gives his perspective on bear markets after
having gone through several of them. He emphasizes that this is the
time to learn and connect with other genuine builders and artists. 

COINBASE VENTURES' BASE ECOSYSTEM FUND INVESTS IN SIX PROJECTS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/249918/coinbase-ventures-base-ecosystem-fund-invests-in-six-projects?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase Ventures invested in six projects from its Base Ecosystem
Fund: Avantis, BSX, Onboard, OpenCover, Paragraph, and Truflation. 

VITALIK BUTERINâ€™S X ACCOUNT HACKED, OVER $691K DRAINED FROM
VICTIMSâ€™ WALLETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ethereum-vitalik-buterin-x-hackers-drain?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Vitalik Buterin's X account was allegedly hacked, leading to over
$691,000 in losses for victims who clicked a malicious link. 

COINBASE CEO ON COMPANY'S NEXT STEPS, WHY CRYPTO WILL BE A 'HOT TOPIC'
IN 2024 WH RACE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/video/coinbase-ceo-companys-next-steps-172157616.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong discusses Base and other potential future
projects in this interview with Yahoo Finance. He emphasizes the need
for regulatory clarity in the crypto industry and believes crypto will
be a significant topic in the 2024 US presidential race. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e1116cdc-5074-11ee-baec-6f1bdf601928&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694433655&t=1694433845&s=1d742cc552570bac07354a4cb2d58cf3080c9c651c3b6f170c8642660a9882f5].