# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-02-2023

OpenSea announced on Friday that it will temporarily eliminate its
marketplace fees.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bfd8f994-b10b-11ed-aa6b-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&t=1676898431&s=2206e7a83287b36d8756336355912835666b1d742e61a8b0002ef168c3f26b58]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-20

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BITCOIN INVESTORS ARE PLOTTING A MAJOR COUP (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/crypto-bitcoin-grayscale-coup?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Activist shareholders of the world's largest bitcoin investment trust,
GTBC, are attempting to oust Grayscale Investments, the trust's
steward. Thousands of GBTC shareholders have voiced their support for
the campaign. RedeemGBTC, the group behind the campaign, wants
Grayscale to reduce its 2 percent management fee and to allow
investors to exchange their shares directly for the underlying
bitcoin. Grayscale CEO Michael Sonnenshein has stated that his firm
has no intention of stepping down from its role. 

JUMP CRYPTO IS UNNAMED FIRM THAT MADE $1.28B FROM DO KWONâ€™S DOOMED
TERRA ECOSYSTEM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/17/jump-crypto-is-unnamed-firm-that-made-128b-from-do-kwons-doomed-terra-ecosystem-sources/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


US regulators are suing Do Kwon and Terraform Labs for the failure of
its TerraUSD (UST) stablecoin and LUNA token. The SECâ€™s complaint
accused Kwon and Terraform of securities fraud and selling
unregistered securities that harmed US investors. The complaint also
mentioned an unnamed US trading firm that had an exclusive
market-making agreement with Terraform Labs, but the firm was not
accused of any wrongdoing. The unnamed trading partner that made $1.28
billion in profits before Terraâ€™s $40 billion ecosystem collapsed is
apparently Jump Crypto. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OPENSEA GOES ZERO-FEE, CREATOR ROYALTIES OPTIONAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/17/opensea-goes-zero-fee-creator-royalties-optional/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenSea announced on Friday that it will temporarily eliminate its
marketplace fees. Additionally, it will default all collections
without on-chain royalty enforcement to optional creator royalties
starting at 0.5%. OpenSea has adjusted its blocklist of other
marketplaces to allow sales on NFT marketplaces with the same
policies, including Blur. Creators can now earn full royalties on
their collections without having to choose between OpenSea and Blur. 

DAI FINDS ITS SPARK WITH SPARK LEND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/121662/dai-finds-spark-spark-lend?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Phoenix Labs recently launched Spark Lend, a new lending market that
uses code from Aave v3. Spark Protocol will pay Aave DAO 10% of all
profits made within the DAI market. Spark Lend will reactivate
MakerDAO's DAI Savings Rate and make it available to DAI lenders and
borrowers. Spark Protocol is collaborating with Element Finance and
Sense Protocol to launch a fixed-rate product at scale. It also plans
to launch its own liquid staking derivative called sEtherDAI. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BITCOIN PROTOCOL DEVELOPMENT CURRICULUM (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/chaincodelabs/bitcoin-curriculum?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a curriculum for Bitcoin protocol
development. The curriculum consists of two parts: grouped subjects
that can be completed independently or in groups, and the Bitcoin
Syllabus, a collection of resources grouped by subjects. The Bitcoin
Syllabus covers the history and philosophy of Bitcoin, soft forks,
protocols, security models, mining, hard forks, cryptography,
transactions, and much more. 

COMPUTE LEGOS: DRIVING THE NEXT PHASE OF CRYPTO INNOVATION (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://omnida.substack.com/p/compute-legos-driving-the-next-phase?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


'Money legos' allow developers to build on existing DeFi
infrastructure, driving fintech innovation at a fast pace. This helped
create a rapid growth in DeFi usage. However, two key issues are
preventing further crypto innovation: limited compute power and
perverse incentives around open-source software. Cloud services
provide compute legos to enable full composability with improved
developer incentives. This could lead to a new wave of crypto
innovation. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ARBITRUM NATIVE DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGE CAMELOT GROWING MASSIVELY IN
FEBRUARY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/17/arbitrum-native-decentralized-exchange-camelot-growing-massively-in-february/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Camelot, a decentralized exchange on the Arbitrum network, has seen
significant growth since its launch at the end of 2022. Daily trading
volume has increased 369%, and the price of Camelot's native token,
GRAIL, has increased 520%. The number of users and transactions grew
more than 120% in 24 hours recently. Camelot's tokenomics includes two
tokens: GRAIL and a non transferable governance token called xGRAIL.
Swap fee earnings are redistributed to xGRAIL holders and used to buy
and burn GRAIL from the open market. 

NISHAD SINGH, A TOP BANKMAN-FRIED ASSOCIATE, NEARS PLEA DEAL IN FTX
PROBE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/LB2vf?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Nishad Singh is expected to plead guilty to US criminal charges
related to a multiyear fraud at crypto exchange FTX. The Commodity
Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission
are planning to sue Singh over his alleged role in the scheme. Singh
had a close relationship with Bankman-Fried. He helped write the
software the exchange was built on. The deal, which could involve
cooperating with authorities, has yet to be finalized. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

BITCOIN MINERS ARE PLAYING A HIGH-STAKES GAME OF CHICKEN (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/bitcoin-mining-halving-crypto-winter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Miners are scrambling to ensure that they are in a strong financial
position in preparation for the halving in 2024, when the number of
coins rewarded for mining will be slashed by half. 

IS COINBASE GOING TO USE THE ROCKET POOL PROTOCOL AS ITS STAKING
SERVICE PROVIDER? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TrustlessState/status/1626581797977964544?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase Ventures recently announced an investment into Rocket Pool. 

BANK OF RUSSIA TO PILOT CBDC IN APRIL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/17/bank-of-russia-to-pilot-cbdc-in-april/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The central bank digital currency will be piloted with selected
clients. 

JAPAN WILL LAUNCH PILOT FOR ISSUING DIGITAL YEN IN APRIL (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/17/japan-will-launch-pilot-for-issuing-digital-yen-in-april/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Bank of Japan has experimented with a digital yen for more than
two years. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bfd8f994-b10b-11ed-aa6b-d3149b11e0bb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676898019&t=1676898431&s=3efcd4d17d7da992deb06d26494f95e5f4ce96569d6f2ee0691b5a4d50b16804].


Â 