# Articles TLDR Crypto 21-09-2023

Grayscale submitted an Ether futures ETF application, making it the
latest large firm looking to offer Ether products to investorsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=11fc8ede-584b-11ee-b265-574790562cc7&pt=campaign&t=1695297929&s=44ba6abf7f9435d892f1ac72fe5647a51c61cf7a28283cc8ed826aba531ea934]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-21

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GRAYSCALE FILES FOR ETHER FUTURES ETF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/grayscale-ether-futures-etf-sec-bitcoin-victory?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Grayscale submitted an Ether futures ETF application, making it the
latest large firm looking to offer Ether products to investors. The
firm clarified that it will not deal with Ether directly and won't
need an Ether custodian. The move comes as the SEC is reported to be
considering approving other Ether futures ETFs. This news follows
Grayscale's recent legal win requiring the SEC to revisit the
companyâ€™s Bitcoin spot ETF application. 

VIVEK RAMASWAMY IS DRAFTING A 'CRYPTO POLICY FRAMEWORK' (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/20/vivek-ramaswamy-is-drafting-a-crypto-policy-framework/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Vivek Ramaswamy, a Republican presidential candidate, discussed his
viewpoint on crypto at Messariâ€™s Mainnet conference. The
announcement was part of his plans to unveil a comprehensive crypto
policy by Thanksgiving. Ramaswamy, a former pharmaceutical
entrepreneur, envisions a revamped government interface with crypto
and is critical of overbearing regulators, which is something that
will resonate well with crypto natives. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AZTEC SANDBOX: THE ENDGAME FOR SMART CONTRACT PRIVACY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://aztec.network/blog/announcing-aztec-sandbox-the-endgame-for-smart-contract-privacy/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Aztec Labs has launched Aztec Sandbox, an end-to-end local developer
testnet that aims to be the ultimate solution for privacy-focused
blockchain applications. The Sandbox lets developers create
applications that offer a full suite of privacy primitives, citing
features like private smart contract composability and private state
management. The release marks the first significant step on Aztec
Labs' roadmap, set to conclude with a decentralized zkRollup at
mainnet launch. 

MIRROR: REALTIME ON-CHAIN DATA, SYNCED DIRECT TO DATABASE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://goldsky.com/blog/introducing-mirror?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

Goldsky has launched Mirror, a data pipeline solution for real-time
streaming of on-chain data to off-chain databases. Mirror allows
developers to merge data from multiple chains into one repository,
generate advanced dashboards, and effortlessly combine on-chain data
with off-chain data. It provides broad support for various database
connectors and is powered by Goldsky's indexing coverage on major
EVM-compatible chains. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

FUND SOLO ETHEREUM VALIDATOR NODE WITH IRA (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yamlike.com/archive/fund-solo-ethereum-validator-node-with-ira?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This article details an interesting exercise in investing retirement
savings from a tax-advantaged account into ETH by setting up an
Ethereum validator node. The author stressed that he made this
investment as he feels strongly about the potential of ETH and the
ideal of Ethereum. To accomplish this, he used a Traditional
Self-Directed IRA and LLC to move retirement funds into ETH, opening
accounts with multiple exchanges for flexibility. 

UNI-LBP (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kadenzipfel/uni-lbp?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

Uni-LBP is a Uniswap v4 pool for tokens to be sold at a linearly
decreasing price. It optimizes liquidity and selling pressure over
time to ensure accurate price discovery and reduces bot effectiveness.
Unique features include no initial capital requirements, capital
efficiency, limit orders, and gas efficiency. To use, owners must
initialize the pool with the PoolManager and approve the hook address
to spend the bootstrapping token. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PART 2: THE FAT-FINGER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.adityabaradwaj.com/part-2-the-fat-finger/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This blog post from an Alameda insider details a fat-finger incident
at Alameda that led to a global crypto market crash on October 21,
2021. While attempting to manually sell Bitcoin, a trader at Alameda
misplaced a decimal point, significantly underpricing the lot of
Bitcoin he was selling and causing prices to plummet from $65k to $8k.
Despite quick price stabilization by arbitrageurs, the 'fat-finger'
trade resulted in tens of millions in losses for Alameda. 

POKEMON CARD PACKS ON COURTYARD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/S4mmyEth/status/1704584719105445956?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


A new initiative facilitated by Courtyard is allowing users to buy
unopened digital Pokemon card packs that can be redeemed for the
actual physical cards. The packs were sold for $5 each but could
contain cards worth up to $500. They sold out instantaneously,
demonstrating a strong product-market fit for this kind of 'digital
pack opening'. Doing this on-chain allows for greater transparency and
better portability than dealing with the opaque and slow physical card
market. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ON ECOâ€™S CUSTODIAL PRODUCT SHUTDOWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/andy_bromberg/status/1704574359266824420?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Eco is pivoting towards crypto-native products, phasing out its
custody service due to regulatory challenges and growing demand for
self-custody wallet tech, evidenced by Beam's success. 

WALMART TO REVOLUTIONIZE RETAIL WITH EXPANSIVE COMMERCIAL STRATEGY IN
THE METAVERSE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/metaverse/walmart-to-revolutionize-retail-with-expansive-commercial-strategy-in-the-metaverse/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Walmart is looking to combine its global physical presence with unique
metaverse shopping experiences, selling items on platforms like House
Flip and Zepeto, and competing with e-commerce giants in AR and VR
tech. 

MICHEAL LEWISâ€™ BOOK ON SBF IS COMING OUT ON OCT 3 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AutismCapital/status/1704281484553846914?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Michael Lewis chronicled the meteoric rise and fall of young
billionaire Sam Bankman-Fried. The much-anticipated and extremely
serendipitously timed book is coming out on Oct 3. 

SOUTH KOREANS HOLD $99B OF DIGITAL ASSETS OVERSEAS: TAX SERVICE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/20/south-koreans-hold-99b-of-digital-assets-overseas-tax-service/?utm_source=tldr%20crypto]


South Koreans reported $99B in overseas digital assets, totaling 70%
of all of the countryâ€™s overseas assets. The country introduced
mandatory reporting this year and plans to introduce crypto taxation
by 2025. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=11fc8ede-584b-11ee-b265-574790562cc7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695297716&t=1695297929&s=dd32619b5ae4da462c67385202bc7447443aad72b9d12f9d41aebf654aab932b].