# Articles TLDR Crypto 19-09-2023

In the much anticipated hearing yesterday between Binance and the SEC,
a US judge refused to grant either side their petitions¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8b189300-56aa-11ee-b246-839bf0b83ecf&pt=campaign&t=1695125093&s=f9815d5c43cb9dfb862cf3324bdd02b5dc8161f0160e6e67a678098b5a8255b4]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-19

THE WINDOW TO INVEST IN THIS EXCITING SMART HOME STARTUP IS OPEN FOR A
LIMITED TIME! (SPONSOR)
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023]

Ring ‰∏Ä Acquired by Amazon for $1.2B
Nest ‰∏Ä Acquired by Google for $3.2B

‚û°Ô∏è If you missed out on these spectacular early investments in the
Smart Home space, here‚Äôs your chance to grab hold of the next one.

RYSE [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023] is the tech
firm that‚Äôs poised to dominate the Smart Shades market (growing at
an astonishing 55% annually), and their PUBLIC $1.25/SHARE ROUND IS
OPEN FOR A LIMITED TIME!
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023]

They‚Äôve just secured their first retail distribution deal, and you
can invest in their company before their product STOCKS THE SHELVES OF
OVER 100 BEST BUY STORES
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023%20] THIS YEAR.

‚åõDon't miss out and invest now!
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=loki,9-19-2023%20]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

‚ÄòI JUST WANT TO KEEP THINGS MOVING‚Äô: JUDGE MAKES NO RULING IN
SEC-BINANCE DOCUMENT DISPUTE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/18/i-just-want-to-keep-things-moving-judge-makes-no-ruling-in-sec-binance-document-dispute/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In the much anticipated hearing yesterday between Binance and the SEC,
a US judge refused to grant either side their petitions. Instead, the
judge urged both sides to manage discovery requests together rather
than coercing the other side to produce documents. The judge asked the
SEC to reduce its broad demands for information but granted permission
to question certain shareholders. On the other side of the fence,
Binance was asked to share further information about its relationship
with its service provider, Ceffu. 

BLOCKCHAIN CAPITAL LAUNCHES TWO NEW FUNDS FOR A TOTAL OF $580M (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/18/blockchain-capital-launches-two-new-funds-for-a-total-of-580m/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Blockchain Capital has announced two new funds amounting to $580m. The
majority of these funds will go towards an early-stage fund, with the
remainder set aside for their first-ever "opportunity fund". The
targets for investments out of these funds are DeFi, CeFi, centralized
infrastructure, decentralized infrastructure, gaming, and consumer or
social sectors. The firm plans to deploy this capital over three years
but could move as quickly as two years and as slowly as five years. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CITIGROUP DEBUTS TOKEN SERVICE IN LATEST FORAY INTO DIGITAL ASSETS (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/6NJ9T?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Citigroup has launched a new product called Citi Token Services, which
will tokenize customer deposits with the aim of enabling 24/7
transfers. Currently housed under the company's treasury and trade
solutions division, the new service employs a private blockchain and
eliminates the need for clients to create their own personal digital
wallets. It is integrated directly into the bank‚Äôs existing
infrastructure. The initiative is expected to streamline cross-border
payments and settlements, advancing transactions within trade finance.


CRYPTO STARTUP LED BY FORMER ANDREESSEN EXECUTIVES RAISES CASH (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/WiM3L?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Blockchain startup Bastion has raised $25 million in a funding round
led by a16z crypto, an impressive raise in the midst of a brutal bear
market and lackluster funding environment. The startup, co-founded by
former executives from a16z crypto, is looking to solve problems with
wallet custody and compliance in crypto. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DESIGNING MULTI-DIMENSIONAL BLOCKCHAIN FEE MARKETS (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://crypto.mirror.xyz/ztCt3eXw-wCEwqBE6xCRTf-bZleezhyuW3ubxohYbBQ?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The increasing utilization of blockspace across different chains has
sparked the search for dynamic pricing models. Strategies for
efficient use and more accurate pricing of resources, such as storage
and bandwidth, can prevent mispricing and wastage. The paper "Dynamic
Pricing for Non-Fungible Resources" explores the use of
multidimensional blockchain fee markets, optimization of fees for
system-wide benefits, and appropriate resource pricing to prevent
transaction spam attacks. By factoring in the marginal cost of each
resource used, the proposed pricing model could herald a new standard
in blockchain transaction efficiency. 

SMART ACCOUNTS TAKE OFF IN Q3 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://alchemy.com/blog/erc-4337-statistics-q3-2023?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Over 730,000 smart accounts have been deployed on Ethereum and Eth
L2s, with 53% of those being created in the last month, driven by
greater adoption of the ERC-4337 standard. Usage of this new standard
has topped 1.6 million transactions, driven by heavy utilization by
social network CyberConnect and NFT project ZTX. In addition to
simplifying user experiences, dApps using ERC-4337 have also sponsored
$430,000 worth of gas fees for users. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CANTO TO MIGRATE INTO A ZK-POWERED LAYER 2 ON ETHEREUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/251566/canto-to-migrate-into-a-zk-powered-layer-2-on-ethereum?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Canto is transitioning to an Eth L2 network, using zero-knowledge
proofs for enhanced privacy. The move will rely on Polygon's Chain
Development Kit. Canto, which primarily focuses on real-world assets,
initially launched as an L1 blockchain with an EVM-compatible
execution layer. This transition follows similar moves by other L1
blockchains, focusing increasingly on Ethereum. 

JAPAN TO LET STARTUPS SELL DIGITAL TOKENS TO VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/Startups/Japan-to-let-startups-sell-digital-tokens-to-venture-capital-funds?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Japan is set to revise its legislation to give startups, particularly
those operating in the crypto space, the green light to raise funds
through digital assets, such as cryptocurrency, from venture capital
firms. The amendment, expected to be presented to parliament in 2024,
will diversify the asset range accessible to limited partnerships and
boost investment into a relatively underexplored sector in the
country. Japan is also considering crypto and token tax exemptions to
further encourage investment. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

UPDATES ON SOLANA: VISA, FIREDANCER, AND HELIUM (54 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://open.spotify.com/episode/52p6eeVFHI0XvSsQeeUtDA?si=hJL5y2aMSRujE7JnByXkIg&nd=1?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This exclusive interview with Dan Albert, Head of Solana Foundation,
covers Solana's Visa partnership, Shopify integration, Firedancer
client, and Helium migration. 

9 US SENATORS PUBLICLY BACK ELIZABETH WARREN‚ÄôS CRYPTO BILL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/crypto-bill-us-nine-senators-back-elisabeth-warren?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Nine US Senators are backing Senator Warren's Digital Asset Anti-Money
Laundering Act, a bill targeting crypto's illicit use, with the stated
aim of enhancing regulatory tools. 

SPECULATIVE CAPITAL IN SOCIAL THINGS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/KyleSamani/status/1703829918298014119?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread discusses the challenge of bots on social platforms that
distort value, especially for real users. Solutions to this problem
include tools like Worldcoin and zkCaptcha. 

WHAT I LEARNED MANAGING A CRYPTO FUND FOR FIVE YEARS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/09/18/what-i-learned-managing-a-crypto-fund-for-five-years/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this article, Jeff Dorman, Arca‚Äôs CIO, shares key insights after
5 years of managing a crypto hedge fund. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8b189300-56aa-11ee-b246-839bf0b83ecf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695124870&t=1695125093&s=c97edb100e0fc99645e24172125fb41d688e3e66a16257ef56572c614f7bf41b].