# Articles TLDR Crypto 18-10-2023

Reddit is discontinuing its blockchain-based reward system Community
Points due to scaling difficulties and regulatory challengesÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=86022b20-6d97-11ee-9f9e-67c7e38597f3&pt=campaign&t=1697630651&s=baa5be6d0b9ddefa63057f76976a408c311390116ce7e0a8c139bec231e58de3]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-18

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 REDDIT IS KILLING BLOCKCHAIN-BASED COMMUNITY POINTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/reddit-is-phasing-out-community-points-blockchain-rewards/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Reddit is discontinuing its blockchain-based reward system Community
Points due to scaling difficulties and regulatory challenges. The
system, which provided ERC-20 tokens for positive engagement in select
communities, will be phased out by early November. The social platform
plans to focus on less complex, scalable rewards programs such as the
Contributor Program, which converts Reddit gold and karma into cash
for eligible users. 

 EU FORMALLY AGREES ON NEW CRYPTO TAX DATA SHARING RULES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/17/eu-formally-agrees-on-new-crypto-tax-data-sharing-rules/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The EU has formally adopted new rules allowing tax authorities to
share data on individual's cryptocurrency holdings. The directive,
known as DAC8, is aimed at preventing funds from being stored overseas
through crypto. It requires all crypto service providers to divulge
transaction information of EU residents to combat tax fraud and
evasion. It will also apply to financial institutions dealing with
electronic money and central bank digital currencies. The rules will
come into effect 20 days after their publication in the EU's official
journal. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 ETHEREUM L2 SCROLL LAUNCHES ON MAINNET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/scroll-mainnet-launch?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Ethereum L2 network Scroll has launched on mainnet following a
year-long testnet operation that had over 55 million transactions. The
network employs zkEVM technology that facilitates faster transactions
at reduced costs. The mainnet code has passed multiple audits and the
team is now working to upgrade protocols and bring in a security
council for future developments. 

 SHATTER CONTRACT â€“ A UNIQUE SMART CONTRACT RESHAPING NFT
COLLECTIBILITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TransientLabs/status/1713971314963165349?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Transient Labs has unveiled the Shatter Contract, a unique feature
that allows artists to create NFTs that can later be divided into
multiple editions or individual pieces by collectors. The contract
offers greater flexibility and engagement by allowing collectors to
'shatter' and 'fuse' pieces. The process also reduces gas costs by
50%. The Shatter Registry has been developed to maintain authenticity
and security. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 THE RELENTLESS RISE OF STABLECOINS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TheChicagoVC/status/1694001412919971848?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The usage of stablecoins surged in 2022, settling over $11 trillion
in value. The technology has now been used by 25 million blockchain
addresses worldwide. Stablecoin usage has moved beyond crypto exchange
volumes, indicating non-trade activities, and has grown from a supply
of less than $3 billion to over $125 billion within five years. The
majority of stablecoin activities involve Tether and occur on the Tron
and BSC blockchains. 

 MAPPING THE DATA LANDSCAPE (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.decentralised.co/p/mapping-the-data-landscape?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This post gives some context on data and how companies in the past
have transformed data into meaningful economic value. It stresses the
importance of realizing that data itself is not valuable but that the
way in which it is leveraged is where the value is. It explains how
web3 is unique in that the raw transaction data is publicly available
to anyone, but it goes on to detail that this data must still be
analyzed and interpreted to be used or understood by others. The post
lays out the different ways in which web3 data companies are doing
this so that others are actually able to use and consume data from the
chain. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 DO ROLLUPS INHERIT SECURITY? (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://dba.xyz/do-rollups-inherit-security/?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 This article discusses the intricacies of rollup solutions' security,
highlighting their integral reliance on the security properties of the
underlying blockchain. The essential elements of rollup security
include liveness, re-org resistance, data availability, state
validity, and ledger growth. The article also stresses the crucial
role that user-friendly confirmation rules and secure inter-chain
bridging play in ensuring robust end-to-end rollup security and
scalability. 

 BINANCE.US HALTS DIRECT DOLLAR WITHDRAWALS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/17/binanceus-halts-direct-dollar-withdrawals/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In an update to its terms of use, Binance.US has announced users will
no longer be able to directly withdraw dollars. Users seeking to
withdraw will need to convert their dollars to stablecoin or other
digital assets first. In addition, the update revealed that US dollar
funds in Binance.US wallets will no longer be insured by the FDIC. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 THOUGHTS ON NEW CRYPTO LAW IN CALIFORNIA (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/iampaulgrewal/status/1714264562785296867?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 AB39, which regulates digital financial assets, is now California
law. This thread from Coinbaseâ€™s Chief Legal Officer provides some
context around the new law and why it could mark a step forward for
the space. 

 SUI FOUNDATION CALLS REPORT OF SUPPLY MANIPULATION 'MATERIALLY FALSE'
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/17/sui-foundation-calls-report-of-supply-manipulation-materially-false/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 SUI dropped 9% amid concerns by the South Korean Financial
Supervisory Service over alleged supply manipulation through staking.
The Sui Foundation has denied these allegations. 

 FANTOM FOUNDATION CONFIRMS $550,000 STOLEN FROM ONE OF ITS WALLETS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/fantom-foundation-employee-suffers-targeted-hack/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The Fantom Foundation lost $550,000 to hackers in a wallet breach.
The exploit is being investigated, but the foundation confirmed that
its treasury is still safe. 

 EZKL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ezkl.xyz/post/welcome/?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 Ezkl is a compiler that expands the EVM's compute capabilities for
complex, low-cost on-chain operations, simplifying deployment and
integration of zero-knowledge circuits in blockchain projects. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=86022b20-6d97-11ee-9f9e-67c7e38597f3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697630468&t=1697630651&s=83b83158c6e53a3f6ef5b55b280753004ade364c5b7f7942f42d840f5968198e].