# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-07-2023

The NFT market has seen a precipitous drop in the past couple weeksÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c6e1b35c-1a4c-11ee-9bc5-fb7bd2f7e20f&pt=campaign&t=1688472276&s=a9b0f61737947bf741ba0bd16c68c1aafe83c568fb2005bb055d7070fe56ded0]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-04

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

HONG KONG STACKS WEB3 TASK FORCE WITH TOP FINANCE REGULATORS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/hong-kong-web3-task-force?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Hong Kong has launched a dedicated task force for web3, another step
in its decision to embrace crypto companies and blockchain tech. Led
by Financial Secretary Paul Chan, the 15-member team includes
professionals from various sectors, such as university professors,
government officials, and financial regulators. Financial Secretary
Chan highlighted the potential for blockchain tech to drive innovation
across multiple sectors. 

NFT PRICES SLUMP AS POPULAR COLLECTION TUMBLES FOLLOWING DEBUT (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/FxewF?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The NFT market has seen a precipitous drop in the past couple weeks,
with prominent collections' prices declining by over 30%. Notably,
Azukiâ€™s floor price fell by over 60%. The decrease followed the
controversial launch of a new Azuki collection, Azuki Elementals,
which seemed like a repeat of a previous collection. The launch caused
an uproar in the Azuki community, leading to widespread selling. In
addition to drastic floor price declines, the resultant fallout has
also prompted a wave of defaulted loans in the NFT lending industry. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SEGA DIVING INTO WEB3 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1675886449684619265.html]

SEGA, the famed Japanese gaming company, is taking a leap into web3
gaming. It plans to roll out 12 non-mobile games this year. The
company's first web3 game is a remake of the successful Web2 IP,
Sangokushi Taisen. Developed by double jump Tokyo, the game, targeted
for a late 2023 release, will initially be available in English and
Japanese on PCs, with more languages planned for 2024. SEGA has
earlier shown its interests in blockchain technology by launching its
first NFTs called Virtua Fighter. 

TON BLOCKCHAIN LAUNCHES ON-CHAIN ENCRYPTED MESSAGING FEATURE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ton-blockchain-launches-on-chain-encrypted-messaging-feature?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The TON Foundation has unveiled an on-chain encrypted messaging
feature for the TON network. Forked from Telegram's abandoned project,
TON now enables private communication between users through encrypted
messages, enhancing the personalization of transactions.
Interestingly, the feature could also be a reliable communication
method should traditional servers fail. Currently supported on several
retail wallet apps, the facility is set to be included in the mobile
wallet Tonkeeper in future updates. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A UNISWAP V4 HOOK THAT REVERTS WHEN MARKETS ARE CLOSED IN NEW YORK
(GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/horsefacts/trading-days?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This tool allows Uniswap users to align trading hours with the New
York Stock Exchange. The v4 hook in this repo will revert trades
conducted outside the standard hours of 9:30 AM to 4:00 PM ET on
weekdays, excluding holidays. Special functions will return the
current state of the market, identify holidays, and determine daylight
savings. The platform will also celebrate the opening bell, with the
initiator of the first daily swap receiving recognition. The feature
is live on both Goerli and Mainnet networks, incorporating a
pre-calculated NYSE holiday calendar and daylight savings timestamps
up to 2123. 

OPTIMISM, APTOS, AND APECOIN SET FOR LARGEST TOKEN UNLOCKS IN JULY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237537/optimism-aptos-apecoin-token-unlocks?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Optimism, Aptos, and ApeCoin are preparing for substantial token
unlocks this July, releasing over $100 million worth of this crypto
into circulation. ApeCoin's unlock is the largest, releasing 15.6
million APE tokens on July 17, a 4.23% increase in circulating supply.
Aptosâ€™ token release will cause a token supply increase of 2.17%,
while Optimismâ€™s token circulating supply will rise by 3.75%. This
could potentially affect the prices of these tokens, so it might be
helpful to keep the timing of these releases in mind. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MODERNIZING AND SECURING DIRECT DEPOSIT SYSTEMS WITH BLOCKCHAIN-BASED
STABLECOIN SETTLEMENTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/modernizing-and-securing-direct-deposit-systems-with-blockchain-based?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article from Coinbase explains how the company is aiming to
modernize the financial system by developing crypto-based alternatives
to the ACH direct deposit method. Coinbase says that the current ACH
system, established in the 1970s, is slow and lacks standardization,
resulting in inefficiencies. By swapping ACH for blockchain-based
stablecoin settlement, Coinbase asserts that transaction confirmation
times could be dramatically reduced, saving costs and minimizing price
volatility. It would also eliminate intermediaries, streamline
transactions, and promote transparency. 

SINGAPORE WANTS CRYPTO FIRMS TO KEEP CLIENT FUNDS IN A TRUST (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237453/singapore-crypto-firms-client-funds-trust?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Singapore's Monetary Authority has introduced a new mandate for crypto
firms to separately store their customers' digital assets in a trust
by year-end, enhancing protection against potential insolvency and
misuse. Measures include daily reconciliation, maintenance of proper
records, custody services operation, and clear risk disclosures to
customers. Crypto platforms will additionally be restricted from
facilitating lending and staking services to retail customers, save
for self-staking. These developing regulations aim to protect
consumers from the volatility of crypto trading while urging increased
vigilance in dealing with unregulated entities. The proposed
regulations are open for public response until August 3. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THAILAND FOLLOWS SINGAPORE, BANS CRYPTO EXCHANGES FROM OFFERING
LENDING SERVICES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/147114/thailand-follows-singapore-bans-crypto-exchanges-offering-lending-services?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Thailand and Singapore have banned crypto exchanges from offering
lending services, focusing on investor protection. 

CRYPTO ATM COMPANY BITCOIN DEPOT LAUNCHES ON NASDAQ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/147168/bitcoin-depot-atm-company-launch-nasdaq-listing?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bitcoin Depot, a top US Bitcoin ATM operator, has gone public on the
Nasdaq following a merger with GSR II Meteora. It's the first such US
operator to do so. 

POLY NETWORK HACKER MINTS BILLIONS OF TOKENS FROM THIN AIR (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/poly-network-hacker-mints-billions-of-tokens-from-thin-air?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Poly Network, a cross-chain bridging protocol, has suffered another
hack. The hacker created billions of tokens on various networks.
Despite limited liquidity, the hacker reportedly made out with at
least $10.1 million. Poly Network has suspended services and alerted
authorities. 

HE STOLE $200 MILLION. HE GAVE IT BACK. NOW, HEâ€™S READY TO EXPLAIN
WHY (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinage.media/s2/he-stole-200-million-he-gave-it-back-now-hes-ready-to-explain-why?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Argentine hacker Federico Jaime stole $200 million from DeFi platform
Euler Finance but returned it all in a stated attempt to promote
ethical hacking and negotiation with attackers. This interview is the
hackerâ€™s first public attempt to explain the motives behind his
hack. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c6e1b35c-1a4c-11ee-9bc5-fb7bd2f7e20f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688472068&t=1688472276&s=f59efb6391326722ee6d0ad04b5d0a4ea59b26c7f62057d9df06a96065dafaaa].