# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-02-2023

Coinbase has launched a brand new L2, Base, leveraging Optimism‚Äôs OP
Stack.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=af0b06f4-b40b-11ed-95c8-55928061a93d&pt=campaign&t=1677244021&s=adbdbde46b068fe36e8591eb5970f0478f53c7022b2f0a3bf421219f20b36794]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-24

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE ANNOUNCES NEW L2 BASE (4 MIN READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/introducing-base?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase has launched a brand new L2, Base, leveraging Optimism‚Äôs OP
Stack. Initially launching on testnet, Coinbase‚Äôs goal with Base is
to bring a scaling solution to market that makes it even easier for
developers to build dapps. Coinbase will join Optimism as a core
developer, and the firm announced the Base Ecosystem Fund which will
invest in projects building on Base. Base will provide easy and secure
access to Ethereum, other L2s, and even other L1 ecosystems like
Solana, and apparently, no new network token will be issued. 

SPOTIFY IS TESTING EXCLUSIVE PLAYLISTS FOR NFT OWNERS (2 MIN READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/spotify-nft-playlist-test-203825293.html?src=rss?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Spotify is testing a feature that requires NFT ownership to unlock
certain playlists in a pilot experiment with Kingship, Fluf, Moonbirds
and Overlord. The experiment seems to be currently limited to Android
users in certain countries, and Spotify has not commented on future
plans for the feature. Its next Stream On event is coming up soon on
March 8th, but there‚Äôs no guarantee there will be any announcements
of this feature there. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SYNTHETIX V3 IS ON MAINNET (3 MIN READ)
[https://blog.synthetix.io/synthetix-v3-is-on-mainnet/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Synthetix V3 has been deployed on Ethereum Mainnet and Optimism after
a successful security audit from Open Zeppelin, Iosiro, and Macro. It
is a protocol that creates an ‚ÄúAPI for liquidity‚Äù for markets,
allowing for the creation of derivatives that are secure and scalable.
The V3 plan includes the ability for the system to back the Synthetix
V2 system via the ‚Äúlegacy market". This deployment does not have any
markets attached to it yet, but it can generate a collateralized debt
position and integrates with Chainlink's CCIP for cross-chain
stablecoin transfers. 

SUSHI PLANS DERIVATIVES EXCHANGE ON SEI BLOCKCHAIN FOR SECOND QUARTER
(2 MIN READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/214530/sushi-plans-derivatives-exchange-on-sei-blockchain-for-second-quarter?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sushi plans to launch Vortex, a decentralized derivatives exchange
supporting on-chain, peer-to-peer derivatives trading and
cross-collateral, on the Cosmos-based Sei blockchain in Q2 of 2023. It
will support on-chain, peer-to-peer derivatives trading and
cross-collateral, and is part of Sushi's plan to expand its offerings
cross-chain. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TIERS OF TRANSACTION FINALITY FOR ROLLUPS (7 MIN READ)
[https://stonecoldpat.substack.com/p/tiers-of-transaction-finality-for?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With Arbitrum, Optimism, and the general L2 narrative in full force,
you may be curious how transactions on these L2s actually work and are
finalized. Transaction finality on a rollup has 3 different stages:
sequencer‚Äôs promise, order finality, and execution settlement. This
article dives into how transactions actually progress through these
stages to help you understand how rollup transactions operate. 

SOME OF THE BEST TWITTER FOLLOWS WITH UNDER 15K FOLLOWERS (2 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1628772079272361984.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto Twitter is full of rich content, but sometimes it‚Äôs easy for
quality content to get lost in the noise, making it difficult to find
new accounts to follow. This thread highlights 30+ small accounts
ranging from fundamentals-focused to traders to DeFi researchers. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

10T‚ÄôS TAPIERO LAUNCHING CRYPTO PE FIRM BACKED BY ALAN HOWARD (4 MIN
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/10t-tapiero-launching-crypto-firm?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Dan Tapiero of 10T Holdings is launching 1RoundTable, a crypto private
equity fund, backed by the likes of hedge fund billionaire Alan Howard
and other prominent investors. Tapiero plans to raise $1B for the fund
to acquire "discounted" digital asset equity. It seeks to bridge the
gap between the old world and the new world, giving people exposure to
the digital asset ecosystem without the volatility of single-token
exposure. 

CIRCLE STILL WANTS TO GO PUBLIC ‚Äî AND IT‚ÄôS HIRING SOON (2 MIN
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/circle-stablecoin-usdc-public-hiring?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Circle, the issuer of the second-largest stablecoin USDC, plans to
increase its staff by 15% to 25% as it focuses on operational growth
this year. The firm currently employs 900 people. Circle may go public
this year, depending on market conditions, however, its original plans
from 2021 were not approved by the SEC. Its stablecoin USDC is
currently sitting at 31% market share, compared USDT, which holds 50%+
market share and generated $700 million in profit last quarter. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CRYPTO MANIFEST DESTINY (9 MIN READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/crypto-manifest-destiny?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


As easy as it is for crypto natives to feel like the space is on the
cusp of global adoption, we‚Äôre likely still a ways away. This
article lays out crypto‚Äôs ‚Äúmanifest destiny‚Äù and outlines a
perspective on where we are in the journey. 

RANSOMWARE GANG CONTI HAS RE-SURFACED AND NOW OPERATES AS THREE
GROUPS: TRM LABS (4 MIN READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/23/ransomware-group-conti-has-re-surfaced-under-a-new-name-trm-labs/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


After seemingly ceasing operations, addresses related to the notorious
ransomware group Conti remained active as Conti allegedly branched
into three smaller groups: Black Basta, BlackByte, and Karakurt. 

3AC‚ÄôS NFT COLLECTION TO BE PUT UP FOR SALE BY LLIQUIDATOR (3 MIN
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/214287/3acs-nft-collection-to-be-put-up-for-sale-by-liquidator?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A collection of prized NFTs owned by the failed hedge fund Three
Arrows Capital is going on sale, offering a basket of blue chips for
collectors with a value estimated at around $6.4 million. 

DOJ REFERS TO ETH AND BTC AS COMMODITIES IN SBF‚ÄôS NEW BANK FRAUD
CHARGES (1 MIN READ)
[https://twitter.com/spreekaway/status/1628776537385320448?s=20?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


SBF was hit with additional bank fraud charges in a new indictment,
and the documents outlining the charges contained some interesting
nuggets such as referring to ETH and BTC as commodities. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=af0b06f4-b40b-11ed-95c8-55928061a93d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677243620&t=1677244021&s=54ec0000e7bb4418a08bf1a4d32b38e25eb562c0f02c013e7e815c85058ddd3d].


¬†