# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-02-2023

Two single Ethereum NFTs have each sold for more than $1 million worth
of ETH.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=abfc1bae-a79c-11ed-905c-27f55de84730&pt=campaign&t=1675861637&s=8ff7dcaf407c78f4e745ab3dcb223ff36b936ad8c9c38d26862b0e31ba8cfd80]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-08

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

IS DCG OFFLOADING GRAYSCALE SHARES A SIGN OF IMPENDING TROUBLE? (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/dcg-offloads-grayscale-shares-at-discount/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The Digital Currency Group is attempting to repay Genesis' creditors
by selling some of its assets. This includes its stake in Grayscale
and its Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum Classic Trusts.
The Grayscale stocks are being sold at a discount. Grayscale manages
the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC), which holds over $14.5 billion in
assets. GBTC is trading at a discount compared to Bitcoin due to the
crypto winter. 

CRYPTOPUNK, BORED APE SELL FOR OVER $1M EACH AS NFT MARKET REBOUNDS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120767/cryptopunk-bored-ape-nft-market-rebounds?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Two single Ethereum NFTs have each sold for more than $1 million worth
of ETH. CryptoPunk #5066 was sold on Monday for 857 ETH by Kevin Rose
and Bored Ape Yacht Club #7090 was sold for 800 ETH by Web3 creator
and collector Jimmy McNelis. The buyers of both NFTs are unknown. NFT
sales on Ethereum topped $209 million over the past seven days. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

INTRODUCING LIDO V2 ‚Äî NEXT STEP IN DECENTRALIZATION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.lido.fi/introducing-lido-v2/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article presents the proposal for Lido V2. Lido V2 will be Lido's
largest upgrade yet. Its two main focal points are a new Staking
Router and withdrawals. The Staking Router will allow anyone to
develop on-ramps for new Node Operators. stETH holders will be able to
withdraw from Lido at a 1:1 ratio when withdrawals are implemented. 

UK PLANS ¬£20,000 ‚ÄòBRITCOIN‚Äô LIMIT FOR INDIVIDUALS HOLDINGS
DIGITAL POUNDS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/eYwdA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

The UK will likely impose a holding limit between ¬£10,000 to ¬£20,000
for its new central bank digital currency (CBDC) when it is released.
The limit is aimed at ensuring that people do not withdraw too much
money from the traditional banking sector to purchase the CBDC. A
consultation period for discussing the UK's adoption of the CBDC is
open until June. A CBDC could prevent tech companies from creating
their own coins, allow for cheaper and faster payments, and make money
programmable so it can interact with smart contracts. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ZK ROLLUPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/pseudotheos/status/1622698514475061252?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Bytecode-equivalent zkEVMs have EVM opcodes mapped to circuits, making
development much easier for developers. Language-equivalent zkEVMs use
an intermediate VM, resulting in more circuit-friendly programming,
but they compile into different bytecode, which means that Solidity
contract changes may be required. zkVMs use a custom circuit-friendly
VM instead of the EVM, allowing for better performance, but they don't
work with Solidity. zk-zk Rollups nest ZK inside of ZK to enable
privacy. 

‚ö°Ô∏è A PHILOSOPHY OF SUBTRACTION (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://reboothq.substack.com/p/a-philosophy-of-subtraction?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This article analyzes the Ethereum Foundation. The Ethereum Foundation
is one of the most important and influential organizations that are
shaping crypto today. They follow a philosophy of subtraction using a
self-minimizing approach. The article looks at what the philosophy of
subtraction looks like in practice, whether the philosophy is working,
and whether the approach would be effective for other organizations. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ARBITRUM TO LET DEVS WORK IN TRADITIONAL PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/aribitrum-new-computing-language?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

OffChain Labs, the firm behind Arbitrum, has launched an initiative
called Stylus designed to let developers deploy programs written in
popular computer languages. Stylus will use WebAssembly to enable
programs to run on Arbitrum. It will allow programmers to bring their
skills to an environment that offers new blockchain-enabled features
like permissionless composability. Stylus will still support EVM. 

MARKET MAKER HACKS COW SWAP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/market-maker-hacks-cow-swap?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

A hacker exploited CoW Swap on Tuesday and stole $166,000 worth of
BNB. The decentralized exchange identified one of its market makers as
the hacker. CoW Swap says that user funds are safe and that aprprovals
don't need to be revoked. Its settlement contract only stores feeds
and it cannot access user funds directly without an order signed by
the user. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THIS IS NOUNS 101 üî∞ (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://metaversal.banklesshq.com/p/this-is-nouns-101?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Nouns is a DAO with a treasury that holds over 28,000 ETH. 

ETHEREUM TESTNET SUCCESSFULLY PROCESSES FIRST-EVER ETH STAKING
WITHDRAWALS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/07/ethereum-testnet-successfully-processes-first-ever-eth-staking-withdrawals/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

Zhejiang successfully simulated withdrawals of staked ETH on early
Tuesday after going live last week. 

FOR THE PAST WEEKS I'VE BEEN TRACKING 50+ WHALE WALLETS TO MONITOR
THEIR TOP HOLDINGS AND RECENT INVESTMENTS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ThorHartvigsen/status/1622632955939287043?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]

This Twitter thread looks at the eight most interesting whale wallets
and how they are currently playing the market. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=abfc1bae-a79c-11ed-905c-27f55de84730&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675861251&t=1675861637&s=fc3f3711c64d96d81cb2ae197fdb2bdd9f23f84e05770143198f7563e0da349b].


¬†