# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-02-2023

Bitcoin Punk 94 recently sold for 9.5 BTC, or roughly $214,000.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7da5d6f0-ab7f-11ed-8ba4-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&t=1676293591&s=ee093a3bb860aa22bd10bbcc492199aa1092599fd662207d3ef9978355b2793e]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-13

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BITCOIN PUNKS: ORDINAL NFT COLLECTION SOARS IN VALUE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/09/bitcoin-punks-ordinal-nft-collection-soars-in-value/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Bitcoin Punk 94 recently sold for 9.5 BTC, or roughly $214,000. The
collection was minted using the Ordinals Protocol, which has stirred
up debate among the Bitcoin community. Some purists believe the
blockchain should only be limited to financial transactions while
others view the Ordinals' popularity as a positive catalyst for
development. Demand for Ordinals inscriptions could impact other
Bitcoin use cases by distorting the fee market away from its use as an
open monetary protocol. 

BILLIONS OF TETHERâ€™S RESERVES WERE STORED AT CANTOR FITZGERALD,
CAPITAL UNION, AND ANSBACHER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ef2H1?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tether moved $37 billion of its reserves to a Bahamian bank called
Capital Union in 2021. It also enlisted another Bahamian bank,
Ansbacher, to hold some of its reserves. Tether has been using New
York financial services giant Cantor Fitzgerald as a custodian of US
Treasury bills. The full breakdown of Tether reserves and their
distribution remains unknown. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS DAO RELEASES SOCIAL NETWORKING APP (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/10/friends-with-benefits-dao-releases-social-networking-app/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Friends With Benefits (FWB) has launched a social networking
application. The app allows members to connect with each other, read
governance proposals, and discover upcoming in-person events. To join,
members must hold 75 FWB tokens (around $800). The FWB community
currently has over 3,000 engaged members. FWB DAO will soon be voting
on a number of in-person social initiatives, including the 2023
production of FWB FEST, a music and arts gathering. 

ETHEREUM SETS FEBRUARY DATE FOR SEPOLIA TESTNET TO GET SHANGHAI HARD
FORK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/10/ethereum-sets-february-date-for-sepolia-testnet-to-get-shanghai-hard-fork/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ethereum developers have agreed to push the Sepolia testnet through
the Shanghai upgrade on February 28. Sepolia is a closed testnet for
developers who run validators on the network. The Zhejiang testnet was
upgraded earlier and successfully simulated staked ETH withdrawals
last week. Ethereum's final testnet, Goerli, will get the upgrade
before the main Ethereum blockchain is upgraded next month. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A BEGINNER'S INTRO TO CODING ZERO-KNOWLEDGE PROOFS (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.to/spalladino/a-beginners-intro-to-coding-zero-knowledge-proofs-c56?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs) are becoming increasingly popular
cryptographic tools, but it can be difficult for developers to find
the resources to get started. This beginner's guide is written for
developers. It aims to provide an overview of ZKPs, explaining what
they are and how they are used, without delving into the underlying
math. It also looks at a few languages for writing ZKPs. 

SHOPIFY CONNECT WALLET (WEBSITE)
[https://shopify.dev/docs/api/blockchain/components/connect-wallet.md?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Shopify Connect wallet provides a standard way for wallets to connect
and sign messages on Shopify storefronts. This page contains a guide
on how to use the Connect wallet package with any React app. A link to
a series on how to integrate Connect wallet with storefronts is
available. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO EVALUATE CRYPTO PROTOCOLS IN 2023 (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1624438890009624577.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread contains a mini-course on evaluating crypto
protocols. It covers product, people, financials, tokenomics, risk
management, catalysts, pumpnomics, and profit strategies. The process
of evaluating investments is more important than the outcome. Being
consistently profitable is by design. 

CBDCS: MORE THAN YOU WANTED TO KNOW (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.strangeloopcanon.com/p/cbdcs-more-than-you-wanted-to-know?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=233019&post_id=101943177&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Central banks across the world are increasingly looking into the
potential of digital currencies. China, India, and several other
countries are already trialing digital currencies. The countries that
aren't trialing digital currencies are considering the possibility of
creating digital currencies. This article looks at why there is so
much interest in digital currencies and what needs they fulfill that
traditional currencies do not. Digital currencies could be a way to
link fiscal and monetary policy together as they redefine the core
meaning of 'money'. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

UNISWAP VOTE ON BNB DEPLOYMENT ENDS WITH SILICON VALLEYâ€™S A16Z ON
LOSING SIDE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/10/uniswap-vote-on-bnb-deployment-ends-with-silicon-valleys-a16z-on-losing-side/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Uniswap community has voted to deploy to BNB Chain using the
Wormhole bridge. 

GOING BEYOND SBTS & ERC721 FOR VERIFIABLE CREDENTIALS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://ethresear.ch/t/going-beyond-sbts-erc721-for-verifiable-credentials/14789?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article introduces another solution for verifiable credentials
using Ethereum-based attestations and explores the trade-offs and
limitations of NFTs and Soulbound Tokens. 

COINBASE WILL 'HAPPILY DEFEND' STAKING IN U.S. COURTS, SAYS CEO (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/coinbase-will-happily-defend-staking-in-u-s-courts-says-ceo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase executives claim that staking cannot be classified as a
security under the US Securities Act or Howey test. 

LAMBDAWORKS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambdaworks?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


LambdaWorks is a library for those that want to learn how to do SNARKs
and other cryptographic things. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7da5d6f0-ab7f-11ed-8ba4-d930e9e5ce0d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676293214&t=1676293591&s=36c7dffe81feb86aa3d9bf44ac8fe1b2c1bbb2e376e18f4742be5c5229c0185c].


Â 