# Articles TLDR Crypto 30-06-2023

CME Group is planning to introduce ETH-BTC ratio futures by July 31,
subject to regulatory approval¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=38ef12c4-1722-11ee-a206-15706eb91577&pt=campaign&t=1688126640&s=8e5e74e8ae5c4144e946d055595b8d5cbd8733441172d7a03e91ba9a337738f9]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-30

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CME GROUP ANNOUNCES PLANS TO LAUNCH ETH TO BTC RATIO FUTURES (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/06/29/cme-group-announces-plans-to-launch-eth-to-btc-ratio-futures/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

CME Group is planning to introduce ETH-BTC ratio futures by July 31,
subject to regulatory approval. The ETH-BTC ratio is one of the most
popular ratios crypto native traders use to understand market cycles.
DeFi users also often trade this ratio when there are relative value
opportunities. Now with this instrument, traditional funds can get
exposure to this ratio. This comes after the exchange's addition of
daily expirations for bitcoin and ether futures options contracts in
May. 

COINBASE FILES MOTION TO DISMISS SEC‚ÄôS SUIT, BRANDING IT 'AN
EXTRAORDINARY ABUSE OF PROCESS' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237011/coinbase-files-motion-to-dismiss-secs-suit-branding-it-an-extraordinary-abuse-of-process?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase is challenging allegations by the SEC that it has been
facilitating unregistered trading in certain digital tokens. In a
recent filing, the company countered that the tokens in question do
not qualify as securities. Further, Coinbase accused the SEC of
misapplying securities law, arguing that its due process rights have
been violated and highlighting what it perceives as inconsistencies in
the SEC's decisions. This is yet another example of the company's firm
stance against the SEC's onslaught on crypto. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COINBASE‚ÄôS ETHEREUM L2 BLOCKCHAIN, BASE, GEARS UP FOR MAINNET LAUNCH
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cryptoglobe.com/latest/2023/06/coinbases-ethereum-l2-blockchain-base-gears-up-for-mainnet-launch/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase's L2 blockchain, Base, is nearing its mainnet launch
following extensive security audits. As a refresher, the chain was
developed collaboratively with Optimism using the OP stack with an eye
toward building an L2 and underlying ecosystem that can onboard the
masses. The security measures employed included testing for potential
vulnerabilities in all Optimism's pre-deployments and auditing smart
contracts. They also utilized a technique called "fuzzing" and engaged
over 100 external security researchers to identify and mitigate
potential risks. 

SAM ALTMAN'S WORLDCOIN INTEGRATES WITH IDENTITY MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE
OKTA AS IT PUSHES INTO GERMANY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/06/29/sam-altmans-worldcoin-integrates-with-identity-management-software-okta-as-it-pushes-into-germany/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Blockchain identity project Worldcoin has partnered with identity
management software provider Okta to launch its identity protocol,
World ID, in Germany. Worldcoin's new feature, 'Sign in with
Worldcoin', has been added to Okta's Auth0 marketplace, providing an
alternative sign-in option for app developers. The project‚Äôs stated
aim is to enhance privacy and provide a way to differentiate between
humans and bots. It is set to launch across thousands of apps.
Worldcoin currently boasts 1.9 million users in 30 different
countries. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE INEVITABLE ADOPTION OF COPROCESSORS, DRIVEN BY UNISWAP V4 (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/sevenxventures.eth/7Zswya53jsAyTfJ8fLB581NufnSrbRqcAvTxoObrp9w?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Uniswap has announced v4, which features four improvements: Hooks,
Singleton, Flash Accounting, and Native ETH. Hooks allow developers to
create customizable liquidity pools. Singleton decreases pool
deployment costs by 99%. Flash Accounting simplifies complex pool
operations. Native ETH permits both ETH and WETH pairs. One of the
main advantages of v4 is its programmability, with hooks significantly
enhancing the flexibility and customizability of liquidity pools.
However, this flexibility comes with risks, including potential bugs
and new attack vectors. Given the wider array of customization,
developers leveraging v4 will need to exercise caution and fully
understand the implications of their design choices. 

BUILD A TOKENGATED STOREFRONT WITH SHOPIFY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://shopify.dev/docs/apps/blockchain/tokengating/build-a-tokengated-storefront?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This guide from Shopify illustrates how to design and implement a
tokengated storefront using Shopify's Hydrogen and Headless platforms.
The tutorial guides developers through using the Gates API, applying
gated discounts through Shopify Functions, and interacting with a
connected crypto wallet. The end goal is to facilitate a customer
journey that grants automatic discounts to various customer segments
like loyal customers or token holders of another brand. Developers
going through this guide should already have some knowledge of
creating gates through the Gates API and establishing Shopify
Functions for gated discounts. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FINDING INSPIRATION (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/brunny.eth/4aJlKhLmE1_YDPBbFsu4xjElj0S1g0sHvNv6eWcEfWs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In the midst of the bear market, builders can start to lose the spark
that initially got them into the space. To counter this, the author of
this blog takes a look at some of the most promising projects
they‚Äôve seen in the space. They discuss projects like 0xSplits,
Protocol Guild, Nouns, and SongCamp, highlighting their innovative
works, which infuse optimism into the crypto space amidst scams and
grifters. 0xSplits develops 'hyperstructures': fee-less, on-chain
fiscal tools that could be core building blocks for a non-custodial
financial future. Protocol Guild helps align incentives of Ethereum
contributors toward a common goal. Nouns, an on-chain art project,
runs daily auctions. Lastly, SongCamp unites creators in an 8-week
experiment to produce and distribute songs and complimentary content.
These projects reaffirm the author's faith in experimentation and
long-term thinking in crypto. 

UK CRYPTO, STABLECOIN RULES RECEIVE ROYAL ASSENT, PASSING INTO LAW (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/06/29/uk-crypto-stablecoin-rules-receive-royal-assent-passing-into-law/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The UK has turned a bill into law that enables financial regulatory
supervision over crypto and stablecoins. Approved by King Charles, the
Financial Services and Markets Bill grants more power to financial
regulators, attempting to create a path for safer adoption of crypto
assets in the UK. The law views all crypto as regulated activity and
allows for supervision over crypto promotions. It also includes
stablecoins under its payments rules. This move aligns with the
government's plans, revealed earlier this year, to make the UK a hub
for cryptocurrency. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BITCOIN SCRIPT PROJECT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1674454861096660998.html]

The Bitcoin Script Project, an open initiative for Bitcoin
development, is a concept that invites developers to re-focus on
innovation on Bitcoin script itself. Recently, more development has
been focused on Bitcoin ‚ÄúL2s‚Äù and ‚Äúsidechains‚Äù, but this
author argues that the space needs more focus on Bitcoin itself. 

A CALL FOR MORE PROGRAMMABLE RETRO-FUNDING FOR DIGITAL PUBLIC GOODS
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/cerv1.eth/I--a872b0kXAI6uFs4wLh_Sq9qAEbiRlA0YLPIqt2TQ?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In this call-to-action, programmable retro-funding is suggested as a
solution to inadequate traditional funding methods for open-source
software projects, enabling fair, retrospective, and decentralized
fund distribution. 

FIDELITY REFILES FOR SPOT BITCOIN ETF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/06/29/asset-manager-fidelity-files-for-spot-bitcoin-exchange-traded-fund/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

After a flurry of rumors that it would do so, Fidelity Investments has
refiled paperwork for its previously rejected Wise Origin Bitcoin
Trust, a spot bitcoin ETF, two weeks after BlackRock's similar
application. 

POLYGON 2.0: PROTOCOL VISION AND ARCHITECTURE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://polygon.technology/blog/polygon-2-0-protocol-vision-and-architecture?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Polygon Labs has released its 2.0 vision and architecture. This
framework, coined as the Value Layer of the Internet, consists of four
layers: a Staking Layer for decentralization, an Interop Layer for
secure cross-chain communication, an Execution Layer for block
production, and a Proving Layer for transaction proof generation. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=38ef12c4-1722-11ee-a206-15706eb91577&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688126421&t=1688126640&s=a1636264697072a2fd165699f251b55b719ca285cdedf003ce486eb4960f6f92].