# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-08-2023

Coinbase has approval from the National Futures Association to operate
as a futures commission merchant¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=880fe4c0-3ceb-11ee-94e7-81f2475c494a&pt=campaign&t=1692273851&s=1f78763df14d36277a314db3c96ecf94e9988a4f7f3f0e8a7ba9498dcde8d229]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Masterworks]
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+Crypto+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-17

BILLIONAIRES WANTED IT... 54578 EVERYDAY INVESTORS GOT IT FIRST
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+Crypto+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

When incredibly valuable assets come up for sale, it's typically the
wealthiest people that end up taking home an amazing investment. But
not always‚Ä¶
One platform is taking on the billionaires at their own game, buying
up some of history‚Äôs most prized blue-chip artworks. Its investors
have already realized annualized net returns of 17.8%, 21.5%, 35%
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+Crypto+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]
and more.

It's called Masterworks. Their nearly $1 billion collection includes
artists like Banksy, Picasso, and Basquiat
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+Crypto+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip].
When Masterworks sells a painting ‚Äì like the 15 it's already sold
‚Äì investors reap their portion of the net proceeds.

Offerings can sell out in minutes, but TLDR Crypto readers can skip
the waitlist to join with this exclusive link.
[https://www.masterworks.com?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=8-18-23&utm_term=TLDR+Crypto+subscriber&utm_content=none_billionaires54578_3returns_pp_120_skip]

See important disclosures at masterworks.com/cd
[http://masterworks.com/cd]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE OBTAINS REGULATORY APPROVAL TO OFFER CRYPTO FUTURES TRADING
TO ELIGIBLE CLIENTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/245626/coinbase-obtains-regulatory-approval-to-offer-crypto-futures-trading-to-eligible-clients?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase has approval from the National Futures Association to operate
as a futures commission merchant. The endorsement allows Coinbase to
offer eligible US customers access to crypto futures trading from its
platforms. As of now, the company is able to provide BTC and ETH
futures products. This is a huge win for Coinbase. It also discounts
the SEC‚Äôs claims that Coinbase isn‚Äôt willing to register properly.


BITGO BUCKS CRYPTO DOWNTURN TO RAISE FUNDING AT $1.75 BILLION
VALUATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Ihwxd?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

US-based crypto custody firm BitGo announced it raised $100m in
funding at a $1.75 billion valuation. While many folks in the industry
raised their eyebrows at this valuation, BitGo, which safeguards
crypto assets, says its focus on regulatory compliance garnered
investor interest. CEO Mike Belshe remained tight-lipped about the
investors‚Äô identities but revealed they were from the US and Asia.
The funds will be used to fuel strategic acquisitions, with two deals
already underway. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUAVE-GETH MEV SUPPLY CHAIN TOOL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/flashbots/suave-geth?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

SUAVE-geth is the first step in the development process for a tool
called SUAVE Centauri designed to decentralize the MEV supply chain.
Its functionalities include confidential execution for smart
contracts, transaction simulation, block building, and relay boosting.
Users can deploy confidential smart contracts, execute transactions
confidentially, and securely store and retrieve confidential data.
SUAVE-geth operates via a Golang SUAVE client incorporating chain
nodes and execution nodes. 

CACTI - NATURAL LANGUAGE INTERACTIONS FOR WEB3 PROTOCOLS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/yield-protocol/cacti-natural-language-interactions-for-web3-protocols-4cacdc083a2e?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Yield Protocol is launching a new open-source project called Cacti.
Cacti allows users to trade assets and retrieve information from
integrated web3 protocols using natural language. The aim of the
project is to revolutionize the experience users have while
interacting on-chain. Currently in alpha, the interface leverages
OpenAI‚Äôs function calling feature. It is being developed under an
AGPLv3 license to enable contributions from web3 developers, with
integration possible through Javascript or Python. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

INCENTIVE SCHEMES FOR ROLLUP VALIDATORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/terencechain/status/1691449128465973248?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread provides a good summary of a recent paper by Offchain Labs
that discusses potential solutions to incentivize validators on
rollups. The crux of the problem in the paper is that optimistic
protocols generally have a ‚Äúlazy validator dilemma‚Äù and that there
is currently not a great solution addressing this. 

IS SOLANA GOING TO ZERO OR VALHALLA (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mrink0/status/1691859698818105634?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Solana ecosystem has been resilient, despite taking a significant
hit from the collapse of FTX due to its close ties to the exchange,
and developers have kept plugging away. Innovations such as isolated
fee markets, stake-weighted QoS, and compression have been launched on
Solana, fortifying its fundamentals. Solana itself outperformed as
market conditions and the majors, BTC and ETH, rebounded. The strong
fundamentals and the deployment of future liquidity mining programs
could set the stage for a Solana 'DeFi summer' moment and its path to
Valhalla. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SHIBARIUM, THE ETHEREUM L2 USING SHIBA INU FOR FEES HAD A ROUGH LAUNCH
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/0xfoobar/status/1691959318717837346?s=20?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Shibarium was supposed to be an Ethereum L2 that would utilize Shiba
Inu for gas fees and also allow BONE, TREAT, and LEASH tokens to be
used in the ecosystem. To kick off the launch, users had to bridge ETH
to Shibarium. Unfortunately, the Shibarium devs botched the bridge
contract and the ETH that was bridged, over $1.7m worth at one point,
is now stuck and unretrievable. 

PROSECUTORS AIM TO USE CAROLINE ELLISON‚ÄôS PERSONAL NOTES AS EVIDENCE
AGAINST SBF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/152650/prosecutors-use-caroline-ellisons-personal-notes-evidence-against-sbf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Prosecutors intend to present Caroline Ellison‚Äôs personal notes and
diary entries as evidence against Sam Bankman-Fried. The notes contain
information about the operations of FTX and discussions between
Ellison and Bankman-Fried about the company's activities.
Bankman-Fried's lawyers have argued against these entries being
admissible due to the delayed provision of information from the
prosecution. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE OPEN PROBLEMS OF ON-CHAIN GAMES (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/08/onchain-games?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post from Paradigm explains the challenges on-chain games
currently face, including technical constraints and the inherent
financialization that may alter game incentives and mechanics. 

AN IDEA FOR A FULLY ON-CHAIN BANK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/KyleSamani/status/1691766967068160306?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this thread, Kyle Samani of Multicoin suggests an idea for a
crypto-native bank. Ideally, this bank would allow users to keep 100%
of their net worth on-chain while still providing the conveniences of
autopay, credit card transactions, etc. 

INTERESTING COMMENT LETTER ABOUT THE FIDELITY BITCOIN ETF FROM BETTER
MARKETS INC. (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/MattWalshInBos/status/1691900868436652295?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Better Markets made a comment on Fidelity's Bitcoin ETF to the SEC
that seems suspect. This short thread outlines how it might have come
from Gary Gensler or Elizabeth Warren. 

LET‚ÄôS TALK BITCOIN STAKING: BABYLON‚ÄôS LITEPAPER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bitcoin-staking-babylon?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Babylon proposed an intriguing concept in a new litepaper whereby L2s
could operate a proof-of-stake model using Bitcoin instead of the
native L2 asset to secure the chain. The idea is an attempt to solve
the issue of L2 assets not having enough capital to properly secure a
chain. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=880fe4c0-3ceb-11ee-94e7-81f2475c494a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692273647&t=1692273851&s=0f6ff5ebbc2882b40d6c02f3b3adea0c7edceb0b8c9ce09159a9b1194fd4fe5b].