# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-11-2023

Coinbase has launched a service allowing eligible retail customers in
the US to trade crypto futures  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-11-02

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 COINBASE CRYPTO FUTURES FOR RETAIL US TRADERS GOES LIVE, INCLUDES
'NANO' BITCOIN TRADING (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Coinbase has launched a service allowing eligible retail customers in
the US to trade crypto futures. This offer includes "nano" bitcoin
contracts and will be delivered through Coinbase Financial Markets.
Although there are amplified risks with futures trading, it allows
users to hedge their risk and diversify their portfolios. The futures
contracts will be settled in USD. 

 SAFEMOON ACCUSED OF SECURITIES FRAUD IN SEC LAWSUIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[6] 

 The SEC has sued crypto firm SafeMoon and its senior officials for
allegedly running a fraudulent scheme. The accused parties reportedly
falsely guaranteed token liquidity and misused funds for personal
luxuries. On top of the reported fraud, the SEC alleges SafeMoon's
token fulfills the Howey Test's criteria, making it a securities
offering. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 DEBRIDGE IAAS: A TURNKEY SOLUTION FOR EVM & SVM CROSS-CHAIN
INTEROPERABILITY WITH NEON LABS AS FIRST PARTNER (2 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 DeBridge has introduced Interoperability-as-a-Service (IaaS), a
service enabling total cross-chain interoperability for EVM and SVM
blockchain ecosystems, with Neon Labs as its first user. The IaaS
addresses three pillars of interoperability: cross-chain asset
custody, authenticated message transfers, and high-performance value
exchange. Operating on a subscription basis, the service can make any
blockchain instantly accessible from any EVM or SVM chain. 

 CUBIST, LED BY COMPUTER SCIENCE PROFESSORS, RELEASES
WALLET-AS-A-SERVICE 'CUBESIGNER' (3 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Cubist has launched its new "wallet-as-a-service" product,
CubeSigner, co-developed by professors from Carnegie Mellon University
and the University of California San Diego. CubeSigner is designed to
provide security for account keys, preventing accidental leaks or
thefts. The new service, modifiable for any blockchain, is intended to
help developers easily launch wallets. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 SOLANA ON SWISSBORG: BREAKING NEW GROUND IN THE CRYPTOSPHERE
(SPONSOR) [9] 

 SwissBorg’s Smart Engine [9] is the fastest way to go from fiat to
crypto with the best liquidity and rates. With the integration of
Solana’s leading decentralised exchange [10], Orca, and the newly
launched, Phoenix, SwissBorg has become the first platform to combine
the power of Centralised (CEX), Decentralised (DEX), and Foreign
Exchange (FX) platforms, all in one easy to use interface - what
SwissBorg refer to as the world's first Meta-Exchange or MEX. Discover
the SwissBorg Smart Engine today [9] 

 USER OPS PER SECOND VS. TPS (4 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 The traditional measure of blockchain throughput, Transactions per
Second, is increasingly unreliable due to bundled transactions. User
Operations per Second (UOPS) captures the number of user operations
within each transaction, whether they're individual tasks or grouped
within bundles. This method may offer a more accurate comparison of
blockchain utilization across different platforms and technologies,
given the variety of architectures and data models that are now
starting to pop up across different chains. 

 INJECTIVE ECOSYSTEM RESEARCH (7 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Injective has been gaining steam lately. This report attempts to
break down both the good and bad in the ecosystem. Injective’s Token
Burn 2.0 initiative is creating supply scarcity, showing a promising
tokenomic model. On the other hand, the platform currently lacks a
thriving DeFi ecosystem, causing a potential issue with user
retention. The report provides ideas about how the protocol could
capitalize on its strengths and improve some of its weaknesses. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 IS CRYPTO LIKE THE EARLY INTERNET? (7 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 This blog post discusses the parallels between the evolution of the
internet and the ongoing development of cryptocurrency and blockchain
technology. The author points out the similarities in network
structures, the struggle for open vs. closed systems, and the
potential for a financial bubble. The post further emphasizes the
importance of key historical internet figures, such as Marc
Andreessen, in shaping the future of tech innovation, including the
world of crypto. 

 ACCOUNT ABSTRACTION: THE TRUE PATH TO MASS BLOCKCHAIN ADOPTION (10
MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Blockchain technology can be intimidating for beginners due to
complex account setup and management processes. This article discusses
the challenges posed by Externally Owned Accounts and the use of Seed
Phrases. It proposes Account Abstraction as a solution that simplifies
blockchain use, making it more accessible to a wider range of users.
With increased security and flexibility, Account Abstraction can
improve the user experience, thus hastening mass blockchain adoption.
The article provides examples of the application of Account
Abstraction in sectors like gaming, investment, and corporate
businesses. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 SOLANA FUNDAMENTALS (1 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Solana has been on a tear, up around 80% in 3 weeks. This thread
breaks down some of the fundamentals and analyzes whether they reflect
the same growth as the price of the token. 

 MICROSTRATEGY BOUGHT MORE BITCOIN IN OCTOBER AS ASSET GAINED VALUE (2
MINUTE READ) [16] 

 MicroStrategy reported its earnings, which included an update on
additions to its Bitcoin treasury (now sitting at 158,400 bitcoins),
putting its total unrealized profits at over $900m. 

 HSBC ADDS FUEL TO TOKENIZATION FIRE WITH GOLD-FOCUSED OFFERING (2
MINUTE READ) [17] 

 HSBC has launched a tokenization platform for gold, offering digital
tokens representing physical gold holdings. Yet another example of
growing interest in real-world asset tokenization. 

 DRAWTECH: THE (FIRST EVER!) FULLY ONCHAIN MOBILE GAME (2 MINUTE READ)
[18] 

 Small Brain Games has launched Drawtech, a fully on-chain mobile game
that allows players to color tiles on a shared canvas and earn rewards
based on the tiles they own. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [19] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [20]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=ff98f2b8-7943-11ee-bcee-25d38e8502d3&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1698926596&amp;s=dabdb5ace9dfa438f21e86117b6025fb7fa13978b16f53b814bd82dc41c4f832
[5] https://www.theblock.co/post/260396/coinbase-crypto-futures-for-retail-us-traders-goes-live-includes-nano-bitcoin-trading?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://blockworks.co/news/sec-charges-safemoon-fraud?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://debridge.finance/blog/introducing-debridge-iaas-a-turnkey-solution-for-evm-svm-cross-chain-interoperability-with-neon-labs-as-first-partner/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/11/01/cubist-led-by-computer-science-professors-releases-wallet-as-a-service-cubesigner/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://app.adjust.com/k909r8k?campaign=mex&amp;adgroup=tldr&amp;creative=&amp;redirect=https%3A%2F%2Fswissborg.com%2Fsmart-engine%3Futm_source%3Dpr%26utm_medium%3Dpost%26utm_campaign%3Dmex%26adgroup%3Dtldr%26creative%3D
[10] https://swissborg.com/blog/swissborg-smarter-engine?utm_source=tldr-ai&amp;utm_campaign=20231102
[11] https://twitter.com/bkiepuszewski/status/1719441292197830928?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://twitter.com/god_crypt_/status/1719394930693488899?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://cryptopragmatist.com/p/crypto-like-early-internet?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://mirror.xyz/0x447bb5BC72E306dc6Fb0BC9d1fb003b5Ec6A83bC/1eoxHjPVqwYv4LRKpKoQPRLwxyHxkXn8_oeYNkN8Gwc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/Dynamo_Patrick/status/1719726582808346723?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://www.theblock.co/post/260563/microstrategy-bought-more-bitcoin-in-october-as-asset-gained-value?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://blockworks.co/news/hsbc-explores-gold-tokenization?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[18] https://twitter.com/0xsmallbrain/status/1719550772244033935?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[19] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[20] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=ff98f2b8-7943-11ee-bcee-25d38e8502d3&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1698926429&amp;t=1698926596&amp;s=ef9e5f1b92f357acc54688d6d655a3fe6c19b81ebb673ec1b696d252aaee4dfa