# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-03-2023

On Sunday, regulators seized crypto-friendly Signature Bank to protect
depositors, and federal banking regulators also appointed a
receiver.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c6ce5ec-c16c-11ed-99f3-2f936a71a51b&pt=campaign&t=1678709240&s=0d5a56cf6c73cfbde7e8dae20e927d5f42debfedb33af01f58558357bd341e8f]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-13

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

STATE REGULATOR TAKES CONTROL OF SIGNATURE BANK, FEDERAL REGULATORS
GUARANTEE DEPOSITS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/219119/state-regulator-takes-control-of-signature-bank-federal-regulators-guarantee-deposits?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


On Sunday, regulators seized crypto-friendly Signature Bank to protect
depositors, and federal banking regulators also appointed a receiver.
This action was similar to the action taken with Silicon Valley Bank
on Friday. Regulators issued a joint statement guaranteeing full
return of both SVB and Signature Bank customer deposits without
taxpayer losses and made an emergency lending backstop available for
banks in the event of similar deposit runs. The actions were taken to
reduce any spillover effects, and the federal government stressed it
was not a bailout. Crypto prices rallied sharply on the news after a
tumultuous weekend. 

STABLECOIN ISSUER CIRCLE REVEALS $3.3 BILLION SVB EXPOSURE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2023-03-11/usd-coin-stablecoin-falls-further-from-peg-on-svb-exposure-risk?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


USDC, the second-largest stablecoin in crypto, fell well below its
intended $1 peg to as low as $0.815 early Saturday following the rapid
collapse and seizure of Silicon Valley Bank and Circleâ€™s disclosure
that they had $3.3 billion of the stablecoin's $40 billion reserves
deposited there. Smaller stablecoins such as DAI and Pax Dollar also
fell from their pegs, but Tether held at $1. Reacting to the selloff,
Coinbase temporarily paused the conversion of USDC into US dollars
during the weekend. Circleâ€™s management team announced late Sunday
evening that 100% of the Companyâ€™s deposits from SVB are secure and
will be available today. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BRAVE BROWSER NOW LETS USERS SELL CRYPTO WITHIN THE WALLET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/123186/brave-lets-users-sell-crypto-without-leaving-web-browser?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Brave, a privacy-focused web browser, rolled out a new feature on
Friday that enables users to buy and sell cryptocurrencies for USD,
EUR, and GBP without leaving the Brave Wallet. The feature is powered
by crypto on-ramp startup Ramp Network and allows users to sell 38
cryptocurrencies, including Ethereum, Solana, USDC, and Brave's Basic
Attention Token (BAT). Brave also recently integrated support for
Solana dapps on its iOS and Android mobile browsers, allowing users to
connect to platforms like the Solana-centric NFT marketplace, Magic
Eden. 

SOUTH KOREA LAUNCHES â€˜METAVERSE FUNDâ€™ TO EXPEDITE DOMESTIC
INITIATIVES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/south-korea-launches-metaverse-fund-to-expedite-domestic-initiatives?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The South Korean government has invested $18.1 million to create a
Metaverse Fund of $30.2 million to support the M&A of
metaverse-related companies. They will also help local players compete
with global players. While many countries and companies have been
taking a step back from crypto, South Korea has been digging in
deeper. In February, the country even announced its first independent
sanctions against North Korean groups and individuals related to
cryptocurrency thefts and cyberattacks. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A QUICK 101 ON FLASH LOANS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1634238815031406592.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down what flash loans are and some common use
cases. Flash Loans allow users to borrow assets with no collateral,
but the assets must be returned in the same transaction. Smart
contracts are created to initiate the flash loan, conduct trades, and
pay back the loan with a small fee. Arbitrage and collateral swaps are
two use cases of Flash Loans, and they can also be used in
self-liquidation. Flash loans can also be exploited by hackers in
Flash Loan attacks (e.g. the BeanStalk attack resulted in a $78m
profit for the hacker). 

CRUSH THE CRYPTO MARKET WITH THESE TOOLS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.0xilluminati.com/p/crush-crypto-market-tools?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article provides an extensive list of tools and resources to help
users navigate both bear and bull markets. These tools, basically the
starter pack of crypto, can be used to analyze wallets, tokens, NFTs,
track smart money, create dashboards, explore data and trends,
discover dapps, visualize blockchain transactions, analyze on-chain
data, etc. These resources provide users with data and insights that
can help them gain an understanding of whatâ€™s actually going on in
the markets and make decisions for themselves rather than just going
off what Crypto Twitter is saying. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SOWING THE SEEDS OF A REVOLUTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/sowing-the-seeds-of-a-revolution?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this article, the author discusses the disruption of SVB and the
overall reaction of the markets in response to the Federal Reserve's
tightening of rates. Taking a step back, the author reminds readers of
a series from a year ago titled Macro Cycles, which highlighted the
transition from a rising rate environment to a plateauing rate,
potentially leading to a "very bullish / meltup incoming" phase. He
then goes on to explain the implications of banks running low on cash,
forcing them to sell time deposits at a discount. Overall, the article
examines the bigger picture of the current market situation and how it
may lead to further consolidation in banking and a heightened debt
issue. 

IN SEARCH OF DEFI FIXED RATES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cherry.xyz/writing/in-search-of-defi-fixed-rates?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article examines the various approaches taken by three protocols
to create fixed lending rates, which are commonplace in CeFi but
uncommon in DeFi. Notional, Element and Voltz all use different
methods to generate fixed rates, with Notional using zero coupon
bonds, Element using yield stripping and zero coupon bonds, and Voltz
using interest rate swaps. While fixed-rate lending offers unique
advantages over variable rates, these protocols have a relatively
small TVL as compared to their variable rate alternatives. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

WEIRD CRYPTO QUIRK SEES USER TURN $1.45 INTO $2 MILLION (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/219008/weird-crypto-quirk-sees-user-turn-1-45-into-2-million?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In an extraordinary display of market opportunity, one crypto user
swapped $2 million of 3CRV tokens into USDT into a highly illiquid
pool, receiving only $0.05 back, creating a situation where another
user was able to take advantage and swap $1.45 for the remaining $2
million. 

GOERLI SHAPELLA ANNOUNCEMENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ethereum.org/2023/03/08/goerli-shapella-announcement?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Shapella network upgrade is scheduled to activate on the Goerli
network on March 14, enabling validators to withdraw their stake from
the Beacon Chain back to the execution layer. This is expected to be
the last testnet upgrade before scheduling Shapella for the Ethereum
mainnet. 

STARBUCKS SOLD 2,000 NFTS IN 20 MINUTES â€” COFFEE NOT INCLUDED (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/3/9/23633169/starbucks-nfts-odyssey-siren-collection-rewards-program?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Starbucks has launched its first set of paid NFTs called "Journey
Stamps" which sold out in under 20 minutes. The virtual tokens are a
part of their new membership program offering exclusive experiences
and rewards - with free coffee notably not listed as a reward. 

UNPOPULAR OPINION: CENTRALIZATION IS THE FUTURE, NOT DECENTRALIZATION
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.m6labs.co/p/unpopular-opinion-centralization-future-not-decentralization?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article argues that while decentralization may be better for the
individual, it is impractical for the masses as it requires a level of
complexity and understanding of blockchain technology that most people
are not equipped with, nor should they be expected to. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c6ce5ec-c16c-11ed-99f3-2f936a71a51b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678708828&t=1678709240&s=53620dd83f95909a42fd3b69c72f9213e4e963179d56af9ca126cfb54884b904].


Â 