# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-03-2023

Senator Elizabeth Warren indicated her re-election campaign will focus
on the crypto industry  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec309e48-cf8d-11ed-9879-55ebdd8d645b&pt=campaign&t=1680264455&s=59889e4f5c441afde0bb50ed53c6ecd099c214a97f4761fbe53919c6f515feb1]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-31

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BANKS WARIER OF SERVING CRYPTO CLIENTS AFTER BLOWUPS, SCRUTINY (7
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/VfEpi?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

US banks have grown increasingly cautious about providing services to
the crypto industry following regional bank collapses and regulatory
scrutiny. The subsequent closure of Silvergate and seizure of
Signature Bank has left crypto firms struggling to find new banks for
depository and payment services. Banks are now imposing lengthy
application procedures, turning away smaller firms, and sometimes
rejecting crypto businesses entirely. While some big banks are
selectively working with crypto firms, the onboarding process can take
up to six months. 

ELIZABETH WARREN SAYS SHE’S BUILDING AN ANTI-CRYPTO ARMY IN NEW
CAMPAIGN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/elizabeth-warren-says-shes-building-an-anti-crypto-army-in-new-campaign/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Senator Elizabeth Warren indicated her re-election campaign will focus
on the crypto industry, building an "anti-crypto army" in the US. Her
anti-crypto stance has a long history, as she was the one who
introduced the Digital Asset Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2022, which
received criticism from both parties and the crypto industry. Now,
among other anti-crypto actions, Warren plans to reintroduce the bill,
imposing strict AML requirements on decentralized entities. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUI LAUNCHES PERMANENT TESTNET (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://sui.io/resources-sui/announcing-permanent-testnet/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sui has launched its Permanent Testnet, a decentralized and
permissionless network featuring significant updates. Key improvements
include a dynamic validator set, protocol software and Sui framework
upgrade support, full node restore from database snapshots, and
addresses and signature updates. The network also introduces Sui DevX
1.0, which offers core developer primitives and semantics. Prior to
the Permanent Testnet, developers had to wrestle with temporary
testnets that would be wiped periodically, so this is a huge step
forward for the Sui ecosystem. The Permanent Testnet will continue
running even after the Mainnet launch. 

TEZOS RELEASES ENSHRINED ROLL-UPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1641463210908819458.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tezos introduced enshrined roll-ups this week, aimed at achieving
large-scale decentralization and improved UX by avoiding L2 scaling
issues. These native roll-ups are part of XTZ's consensus layer,
eliminating the trust trade-offs present in non-native roll-ups.
Tezos, EGLD, and TON have successfully implemented execution sharding,
which was once considered impossible by some ETH developers. In
response to this development, the author calls for the ETH community
to demand a return to execution sharding and criticizes the influence
of VC funding on L2 development instead of focusing on scaling the L1.


💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY REAL WORLD ASSETS COULD BE THE CATALYST FOR MAINSTREAM CRYPTO
ADOPTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1641440379760443393.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This tweet thread walks through how Real World Assets (RWAs) could
reach a $16 trillion market cap by 2030, ushering in mainstream crypto
adoption. RWAs are physical assets tokenized and represented on-chain,
like fiat-backed stablecoins, precious metals, and real estate. The
benefits of an approach like this include cutting out middlemen,
enabling smaller investments, and improving loan access. Despite the
potential of this concept, RWA adoption faces challenges such as
centralization, heavy reliance on USDC, time-consuming processes,
security risks, and unclear regulatory frameworks. Some current
examples of RWA protocols are GoldFinch, Centrifuge, TrueFi, Maple
Finance, Swarm Markets, and MakerDAO. 

TRADER JOE VS. UNISWAP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1641209739752411136.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Trader Joe V2's Liquidity Book (LB) has reached $16M TVL and $100M in
daily volume across chains, rivaling Uniswap V3. LB, like Uniswap V3,
utilizes concentrated liquidity but with key design differences. LB
allocates liquidity into discrete price bins, allowing LPs to choose
price bin ranges to provide liquidity. LB uses a constant sum model
within each price bin, offering zero slippage swaps. LB's swap fee
consists of a base fee and a variable fee adjusted by a Volatility
Accumulator. Trader Joe's performance metrics and tokenomics show
promise, making it a strong potential competitor to Uniswap V3. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE LEMONADE FOUNDATION AND INSURING SMALLHOLDER FARMERS WITH
AVALANCHE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/avalancheavax/builder-spotlight-the-lemonade-foundation-and-insuring-smallholder-farmers-with-avalanche-78d45ff5a37a?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Lemonade Crypto Climate Coalition has developed an insurance-like
blockchain application on Avalanche to provide affordable crop
insurance to Kenyan farmers. The app allows farmers to obtain a quote,
pay for a policy, and receive a payout in case of crop failure due to
bad weather. Over 7,000 farmers have already enrolled - some
significant real-world traction. Traditional insurance options are not
financially viable for small farmers, but blockchain technology
enables low-cost, automated policies. For crypto natives, this may
sound trivial, but this could be a huge step in finding
product-market-fit for a real problem that blockchain tech uniquely
solves. 

MYSTERIOUS ENTITY MAY BE COLLECTING BTC USERS’ IP ADDRESSES —
BITCOIN DEVELOPER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/mysterious-entity-may-be-collecting-btc-users-ip-addresses-bitcoin-developer?utm_sourcr=tldr_crypto]


An entity, dubbed "LinkingLion" by Bitcoin app developer 0xB10C, may
be collecting Bitcoin users' IP addresses and linking them to their
BTC addresses, a potential threat to these users’ privacy. Active
since 2018, LinkingLion connects with Bitcoin full nodes and then
closes connections 85% of the time, possibly trying to determine if
nodes can be reached at specific IP addresses. The remaining 15% of
the time, it listens for inventory messages or sends address requests,
potentially recording transaction timings to link IP addresses to
Bitcoin addresses. 0xB10C has produced an open-source ban list to help
nodes block LinkingLion. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

ROLLUP ECONOMICS (DUNE DASHBOARD)
[https://dune.com/niftytable/rollup-economics?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Here is a dashboard that helps track the economic health of different
rollups to better understand where we are on the path to scaling
Ethereum. It looks at aspects like revenues, operating costs, and raw
materials. 

NFTS: HYPE AND APPLICATIONS WITH HITPIECE, PEAQ, FISHERBROYLES,
MADWORLD AND MIGHTY BEAR GAMES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://thefintechtimes.com/nfts-hype-and-application-with-hitpiece-peaq-fisherbroyles-madworld-and-mighty-bear-games/?utm_source=tldlr_crypto]


NFTs are expanding beyond their initial hype, particularly in the
music industry, where they are already enabling enhanced artist-fan
engagement experiences. The Co-Founder of HitPiece and other experts
discuss some of the real problems NFTs are solving in this article. 

BITCOIN MINER SURPASSES 1 MILLION PLAYERS AND BECOMES THE BIGGEST
PLAY-TO-EARN GAME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pocketgamer.biz/news/81113/bitcoin-miner-surpasses-1-million-players-and-becomes-the-biggest-play-to-earn-game/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Zebedee's Bitcoin Miner game, developed with Fumb Games, surpassed one
million players. The mobile play-to-earn title allows users to
generate cryptocurrency rewards, with special events celebrating the
milestone. 

A NEW SYNTHETIC BITCOIN IS COMING TO ETHEREUM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/synthetic-bitcoin-on-ethereum?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Badger DAO plans to introduce eBTC, a decentralized synthetic bitcoin
backed by liquid-staked ether on Ethereum, using immutable smart
contracts. eBTC aims to offer fewer censorship risks and a consistent,
sustainable yield source compared to centralized options like wBTC. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec309e48-cf8d-11ed-9879-55ebdd8d645b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680264034&t=1680264455&s=c1ee0e16d39c719a1902228a073b760a1778bdc8160c10dc18f82614d2a341b9].


 