# Articles TLDR Crypto 03-10-2023

UBS has initiated a live pilot of a tokenized money market fund on
EthereumÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bece80e4-61d9-11ee-bb77-b97670d77e6c&pt=campaign&t=1696334693&s=05557efcb7bc8c4f9eade3706d9d2110dd245f547fe296188f56534d860401c0]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-03

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

UBS TAPS ETHEREUM TO PILOT TOKENIZED MONEY MARKET FUND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253790/ubs-ethereum-tokenized-fund-pilot?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

UBS has initiated a live pilot of a tokenized money market fund on
Ethereum through Project Guardian, an industry initiative led by
Singapore's Monetary Authority. As part of UBS's exploration of
tokenizing funds, this pilot will allow the testing of on-chain fund
activities. It is aimed at improving market liquidity and access for
clients. Following the pilot, UBS plans to explore various investment
strategies with a wider set of partners. 

ETHER FUTURES ETFS HIT THE MARKET AS SEC MULLS NEXT STEPS ON BITCOIN
FUND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/02/ether-futures-etfs-debut-as-sec-mulls-next-steps-on-bitcoin-fund.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Several previously announced Ether futures ETFs went live yesterday.
The ETFs give institutions a way to have exposure to Ethereum, similar
to how the Bitcoin futures ETFs pioneered this for Bitcoin. The Ether
futures products include offerings from BitWise and ProShares with
varying expense ratios. The launches generated some excitement but
were ultimately lackluster, garnering about as much volume as any new
ETF does. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CHAINLINK UNVEILS â€˜DATA STREAMSâ€™ TO REDUCE LATENCY, EXPANDS
DECENTRALIZED COMPUTING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/10/02/chainlink-labs-unveils-data-streams-to-reduce-latency-expands-decentralized-computing/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Chainlink's new product, Data Streams, is now available on Arbitrum.
Data Streams enhance speed and improve the user experience of
derivative products by using low-latency market data and automated
execution. With its 'pull-based' data oracle solution, this product
aims to reduce network delay issues common in distributed networks. 

ZEROSYNC IMPLEMENTS FIRST STARK-BASED ZK CLIENT FOR BITCOIN (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253876/zerosync-implements-first-stark-based-zk-client-for-bitcoin?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

ZeroSync has built the first client system for Bitcoin using Starkâ€™s
proof-based technology, Starkware. Employing zero-knowledge proofs, a
cryptographic method enabling truth verification without revealing
extra data, ZeroSync obviates the need for Bitcoin users to download
the entire blockchain or rely on a third party. This development could
help address Bitcoin's slow transaction speeds and network congestion
challenges while increasing privacy and scalability. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TAKING PROFITS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/IamZeroIka/status/1708896089305178594?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread highlights a three-phase method for profit-taking in
crypto, using the example of FET coin. The steps include identifying
the market structure, applying Fibonacci retracement, and executing a
strict selling plan. The method is designed to help traders lock in
profits, reduce risk, and promote disciplined trading. 

DISCORD SERVER GUIDELINES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://github.com/0xngmi/discord-server-guidelines/blob/master/README.md?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Discord servers are one of the most common attack vectors that hackers
target when going after projects. If hackers are able to gain access
to a projectâ€™s discord server, they then have access to the
projectâ€™s community and can use that access to trick users into
sending them funds. This post provides a guide to setting your servers
up securely to protect your project and your community. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CRYPTO AND FINANCE WORLDS UNITE â€” IN THEIR IRE OF MICHAEL
LEWISâ€™ SBF STANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/people-culture/michael-lewis-draws-ire-and-shock-amid-sam-bankman-fried-book/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Author Michael Lewis has drawn criticism from both the TradFi and
crypto communities alike for his portrayal of FTX and its infamous
founder Sam Bankman-Fried ahead of his trial. The comments, made
during an interview on CBSâ€™s 60 Minutes, have been described by
finance expert Sean Tuffy as potentially damaging as he saw FTX as a
good business and seemed sympathetic to SBF and FTX. 

COINBASE GRANTED FULL LICENSE IN SINGAPORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253755/coinbase-granted-full-license-in-singapore?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase has been granted a significant regulatory license - the Major
Payment Institution license - by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
This authorization signifies the end of the company's licensing
journey in Singapore and allows Coinbase to offer a broader range of
services to customers in the country. This is yet another success
abroad for Coinbase as it continues to battle with regulators in the
United States. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

TOP CRYPTO VENTURE CAPITAL INVESTORS WORLDWIDE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coingecko.com/research/publications/top-crypto-vcs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article lists the most active crypto venture investors across the
globe ranked by deal count. Coinbase Ventures and NGC Ventures topped
the list with 372 and 271 investments respectively. 

CRYPTO INVESTORS LOST $686 MILLION TO HACKS, FRAUD IN JUST 3 MONTHS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/199728/investors-lost-686-million-last-quarter-to-hacks-fraud-immunefi?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Q3 2023 saw a 59% YoY increase in crypto fraud losses totaling $685.5
million, with two large hacks accounting for nearly half of that. 

PAYPAL FILES PATENT APPLICATION FOR 'NFT PURCHASE, TRANSFER SYSTEM' (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://luckytrader.com/news/paypal-files-patent-application-for-nft-marketplace?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

PayPal filed a patent for an "NFT purchase and transfer system" to
facilitate off-chain transactions in NFT marketplaces. Yet another
step into the crypto ecosystem for the traditional payments company. 

FTX FOUNDER SAM BANKMAN-FRIEDâ€™S TRIAL: HOW DID WE GET HERE? (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/PNCKL?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

FTX founder Sam Bankman-Fried's trial starts today. This article gives
you all the context you need to keep up with the case. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=bece80e4-61d9-11ee-bb77-b97670d77e6c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696334470&t=1696334693&s=c994b4bee333a3a5fb85dacae71d24c95f0c730308e916e076912895025350bf].