# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-02-2023

Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz was unable to participate in
Uniswaps temperature check due to the custodial set-up of its
tokens.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b0e51c68-a2da-11ed-8afd-272c29bc987f&pt=campaign&t=1675343208&s=074ad8ee813253ea09cbe5160d8f17785f797bae6e207f85265d05dc84ab0af0]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-02

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BITCOINâ€™S BIG BEAR SQUEEZE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/bitcoins-big-bear-squeeze?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=279357&post_id=99886057&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Leverage can be a useful tool for gauging market sentiment. Traders
getting forced out after remaining in leveraged trades for too long
can be a sign of a macro trend shift. This article looks at how
leverage dumped the market in 2022 and how there is an overarching
trend change underway that could provide an excellent buying
opportunity. It is best to practice patience in the current market but
have a plan ready for ideal opportunities to ensure a good risk/reward
ratio. 

UNISWAP TEMPERATURE CHECK SPURS FEVERISH BACKROOM MANEUVERING AMONG
CRYPTO VC HEAVYWEIGHTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/207297/uniswap-temperature-check-spurs-feverish-backroom-maneuvering-among-crypto-vc-heavyweights?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Wormhole won the community temperature check vote on which cross-chain
bridge Uniswap's third iteration would use in a decisive victory.
However, the outcome is not yet final and the official vote is still
pending. Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, which holds 15
million tokens, was unable to participate in the temperature check due
to the custodial set-up of its tokens. It would have voted for
LayerZero if it was able to. Wormhole won the vote by around 11
million votes. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

DAMUS, ANOTHER DECENTRALIZED SOCIAL NETWORKING APP, ARRIVES TO TAKE ON
TWITTER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/01/damus-another-decentralized-social-networking-app-arrives-to-take-on-twitter/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Damus, the first mobile application to utilize the Nostr protocol,
which Jack Dorsey donated 14 bitcoin towards the development of, is
now available on the App Store. Damus is an experiment in
decentralized social networking. It is an open social network without
a central authority. The app's decentralized relaying system allows
users to sign up without a phone number, email, or name. Posts on
Damus can exceed 280 characters and Bitcoin integration allows users
to tip posts. 

BINANCEâ€™S BNB CHAIN ANNOUNCES NEW DECENTRALIZED STORAGE SYSTEM (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/01/binances-bnb-chain-announces-new-decentralized-storage-system/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


BNB Greenfield is a new decentralized data storage system on Binance's
BNB Chain. It will be powered by BNB tokens and grant users and dApps
complete ownership of their data. The system will support website
hosting, publishing, data storage, and personal cloud applications.
The BNB Greenfield testnet will be launched within the next few
months. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ETH WITHDRAWALS ELI5 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/korpi87/status/1620407242410594307?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The next Ethereum upgrade will enable withdrawals. 16.3 million staked
ETH will become available for withdrawal. This Twitter thread covers
the upgrade, the different types of withdrawals, the withdrawal
process, the validator exit process, the amount of ETH that will be
withdrawn, and more. The upgrade is expected to take place in
March/April. 

THE CREATOR ECONOMY IN GAMING (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.decentralised.co/p/creator-economy-gaming?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gaming has the potential to scale to a billion users in the digital
asset ecosystem. It has a high transaction frequency that is not
well-served by current financial infrastructure. Gaming provides
meaningful distraction and community. This article looks at gaming and
how blockchains and gaming will intersect in the next few years. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHERE DID ALL THE TERRA DEVELOPERS GO? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120352/where-did-all-the-terra-developers-go?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Terra's network halted in May after TUSD lost its peg with the US
dollar and wiped out $40 billion worth of assets. Over half of the 323
developers involved with projects on Terra before it collapsed had
stopped working on crypto projects by December. Of those who kept
going, 42 moved to Cosmos network projects, 35 are involved in the
'Terra 2.0' rebuild, five went to Solana, and 11 are now involved with
Osmosis. Other networks launched initiatives to help developers
migrate their projects after Terra halted and then restarted its
blockchain. 

CELSIUS NETWORK: FINAL REPORT FROM THE EXAMINER â€” LIES, INCOMPETENCE
AND PONZI SCHEMES (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidgerard.co.uk/blockchain/2023/02/01/celsius-network-final-report-from-the-examiner-lies-incompetence-and-ponzi-schemes/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Shoba Pillay has submitted her final report on the Celsius Network
bankruptcy. The report was a total of 676 pages and included over 200
pages of appendices. The company was found to be both fraudulent and
incompetently run. CEO Alex Mashinksy disregarded warnings from
employees and lied to customers. Celsius was never profitable and was
insolvent throughout its entire existence. It currently owes clients
and creditors $5.5 billion. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

JUDGE BANS SAM BANKMAN-FRIED FROM CONTACTING FTX EMPLOYEES AND USING
SIGNAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/01/judge-bans-sam-bankman-fried-from-contacting-ftx-employees-and-using-signal/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Federal prosecutors filed a letter with the court asking for Sam
Bankman-Fried's bail conditions to be amended after Bankman-Fried
allegedly attempted to contact at least one employee to influence
witness testimony. 

COINBASE NFT PAUSES NEW COLLECTION DROPS, DENIES SHUTTERING
MARKETPLACE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/01/coinbase-nft-pauses-new-collection-drops-denies-shuttering-marketplace/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase is temporarily halting drops to focus on features and tools
for its NFT marketplace. 

ORD (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/casey/ord?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

ord is a Bitcoin index, block explorer, and command-line wallet. 

ROCKET POOL COMMUNITY VOTING WHETHER TO SELF-LIMIT ITS GROWTH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/01/rocket-pool-community-voting-whether-to-self-limit-its-growth/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The proposal establishes a guiding set of principles to inform Rocket
Poolâ€™s decision-making process in limiting the percentage of staked
ether in its ecosystem. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b0e51c68-a2da-11ed-8afd-272c29bc987f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675342841&t=1675343208&s=84e706088df1ddb37642e1494a50860a1462e9b7f7a39248dabd1523e302c0c7].


Â 