# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-02-2023

NFT trading volume on ETH hit its highest level since May this past
week.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d00d56fe-b730-11ed-b3dd-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&t=1677589632&s=27179c0d3f0867e1b135efc2c40330c2659416d437c8cfec5026422d4823cd3a]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-28

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE ANNOUNCES SUSPENSION OF BUSD TRADING BEGINNING MARCH 13 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/coinbase-announces-suspension-of-busd-trading-beginning-march-13?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase announced that it will suspend trading of Binance USD (BUSD)
on March 13, citing its "listing standards" as the reason behind the
decision. The suspension will apply to all Coinbase services, and
users will still have access to their funds. The decision follows
reports earlier in the month of a Wells Notice by the SEC and an order
from the New York State Department of Financial Services to Paxos to
stop issuing BUSD. Paxos is now apparently in constructive talks with
the SEC. 

NFT WEEKLY TRADING VOLUME ON ETHEREUM RISES TO HIGHEST LEVEL SINCE MAY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/215382/nft-weekly-trading-volume-on-ethereum-rises-to-highest-level-since-may?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With arguably some of the best buy-side liquidity the NFT ecosystem
has seen to date, NFT trading volume on ETH hit its highest level
since May this past week. This spike in volume comes on the heels of
Blur’s token drop in mid-February, which rewarded activity on its
platform. With another tranche of 300 million BLUR tokens to drop at
some point, Blur has been dominating NFT trading volume since the
airdrop. One of the main incentive mechanisms Blur is leveraging is
bidding activity. This has led to unprecedented liquidity in NFT order
books. One trading firm, Degenz Finance, took advantage of this
liquidity last week, cashing out 72 BAYCs for ~$9.25m in a move that
would have been nearly impossible before this bidding liquidity
injection. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SCROLL’S ZK-EVM LAYER 2 GOES LIVE ON ETHEREUM’S GOERLI TESTNET (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/215343/scrolls-zk-evm-layer-2-goes-live-on-ethereums-goerli-testnet?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Scroll has launched its zk-EVM on the Goerli testnet in an alpha
testing phase ahead of a planned mainnet launch late this year. The
network uses zero-knowledge proofs to achieve scalability, while
maintaining EVM compatibility, making it easy for developers to port
applications over to the network. There are two main ways to develop
zk-EVMs: leveraging a programming language designed for zero-knowledge
proofs or using Solidity. Those that are built with zk-native
languages are easier to build but make it more difficult for
developers to port to. zk-EVMs built with Solidity are harder to
develop initially but make it much easier for projects to port over
to. Scroll hopes that by using the latter approach, they will achieve
greater adoption. Scroll is one of several projects competing for
zk-EVM adoption, but Scroll believes there is room for co-existence
between these competitors. 

MITSUBISHI, FUJITSU AND OTHER TECH FIRMS TO CREATE ‘JAPAN METAVERSE
ECONOMIC ZONE’ (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/27/mitsubishi-fujitsu-and-other-tech-firms-to-create-japan-metaverse-economic-zone/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Nine Japanese companies, including Fujitsu, Mitsubishi and Mizuho,
have teamed up to create RYUGUKOKU (TBD) - an interoperable metaverse
structure - to help build the framework for corporations to adopt Web3
services. The platform will implement Auto-Learning Avatars, the
Pegasus World Kit, and the Multi-Magic Passport to enable a
personalized metaverse experience with identification and payment
methods. The move is part of the Japanese government's digital
transformation plan, which includes forays into NFTs and the
metaverse. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BINANCE SMART CHAIN: SLEEPING GIANT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://defisurfer808.substack.com/p/binance-smart-chain-sleeping-giant?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance Smart Chain is the most active smart contract platform and has
the most users and developers, yet it has little mindshare in the
crypto community and relatively few DeFi applications. This could be
due to the low quality of protocols on the chain. Its lack of
mindshare could also be due to Westerners not being quite as familiar
with the chain and its protocols. Even so, user count and developer
activity has remained incredibly high even in the bear market,
suggesting the potential that exists there. This deep dive highlights
some of the surprising levels of activity on the chain and why BSC may
be a sleeping giant. 

A GUIDE TO THE UPCOMING SHANGHAI UPGRADE AND WHAT IT MEANS FOR STAKING
AND DEFI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630068499333906432.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The upcoming Shanghai Upgrade will allow validators to withdraw their
staked ETH from the Beacon Chain, which could have a significant
impact on withdrawal mechanics, staking derivatives, and DeFi markets.
This thread dives into a few of the potential effects this could have
on the markets. The upgrade could lead to increased participation in
derivatives and ETH staking, improved liquidity for staking
derivatives, and more profitable borrowing strategies. While this
thread lays out some bullish dynamics for LSDs and how the upgrade
could increase capital efficiency for DeFi users, macro sentiment will
likely still play a large part in whether ETH stakers are looking to
get risk-on or stay risk-off. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

SOME PERSONAL USER EXPERIENCES BY VITALIK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/02/28/ux.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this short essay, Vitalk walks through some of the UX issues he has
faced as a crypto consumer over time. He’s experienced it all:
unreliable internet, UI glitches, broken social-recovery systems,
confusing gas limits, and much, much more. Solutions such as EIP-1559
and Merge have been implemented to improve the user experience and
increase decentralization, but there is still quite a bit left to be
desired in crypto when it comes to user experience. While crypto
natives are accustomed to these headaches, these issues can be
extremely frustrating for non-crypto natives. Furthermore, Vitalik
points out that good UX is not even about the average case but about
the worst case, so even if only a small portion of users face UX
issues, it could create meaningful roadblocks in terms of user
adoption. 

DON’T CALL IT ‘CRYPTO’: HOW SOME BLOCKCHAIN AND NFT PROJECTS ARE
REBRANDING (6 MINUTE READ)
[/%E2%80%8B%E2%80%8Bhttps://decrypt.co/121597/dont-call-it-crypto-how-some-blockchain-and-nft-projects-are-rebranding?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto and associated buzzwords like “NFT” and “blockchain”
have developed a negative connotation to some, so some companies are
rebranding to more mainstream terms like “Digital Collectibles”.
Even if under a different name, Instagram, Square Enix, Riot Platforms
and Reddit are still embracing these technologies, and experts believe
that as people become more accustomed to them, the negative sentiment
will subside. The article claims that in the long run, it will not
matter what the technology is called. The crux of the matter is that
while rebranding efforts can help, the key lies in informing and
educating the public on the technology’s value propositions. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

YUGA LABS ANNOUNCES GENERATIVE ORDINALS NFT COLLECTION ON BITCOIN
BLOCKCHAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/27/yuga-labs-announces-generative-ordinals-nft-collection-on-bitcoin-blockchain/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Iconic NFT brand Yuga Labs is diving into the Ordinal fray, launching
its own inscriptions on Bitcoin via the Ordinal protocol. The
collection, named TwelveFold, will feature 300 generative art pieces
with 3D elements and hand-drawn features. 

FIVE PROJECTS WITH UPCOMING CATALYSTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1629953558022856704.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread highlights five different projects (Synapse, Yearn,
Manifold Finance, Pendle and Polygon) with upcoming catalysts. 

WINNING DOOKEY DASH KEY SOLD FOR $1.6M (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/27/winning-dookey-dash-key-sold-for-16m/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The 1/1 “Golden Key” NFT earned by Twitch streamer Kyle Jackson
for placing first in Yuga Labs’ “Dookey Dash” game was sold
yesterday for 1,000 ETH. 

WHO OWNS YOUR BAGS? A LIST OF THE BIGGEST WHALES IN SOME OF THE TOP
PERFORMING TOKENS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630211212314128387.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread compiles a list of the biggest whales across 8 different
tokens that have been central to the LSD, DEX, and Ethereum Layer 2
narratives: LDO, GMX, RPL, FXS, CRV, DYDX, SNX, and MATIC. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d00d56fe-b730-11ed-b3dd-33c00cd07e37&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677589222&t=1677589632&s=baa0834c52f7048abfbe3eb0987aa78ce36e4c20c55d172562f37be5cfecd0d9].


 