# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-04-2023

Ledger, a hardware wallet producer, is partnering with Etana Custody
to get into the institutional game in the US  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4b376bf8-df45-11ed-aca0-bd016e95ae22&pt=campaign&t=1681992476&s=6ddfff4d58e1934d9a81e0f7bc718a8b948195bb81cd39edfaa9c305e0e3d525]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-20

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE GETS BERMUDA LICENSE, PLANS TO LAUNCH OFFSHORE EXCHANGE IN
COMING WEEKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/dXLew?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Coinbase has secured a license from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to
expand its international business amid increasing hostility from US
regulators towards the crypto industry. Potentially as early as next
week, the company is planning to launch an offshore derivatives
exchange in Bermuda, targeting perpetual swaps and other
crypto-related derivatives largely unavailable in the US due to
regulatory restrictions. This move could position Coinbase to
challenge Binance's dominance and diversify its revenue base. While an
immediate exodus of major US crypto firms is unlikely, this is yet
another sign that the industry is increasingly considering alternative
locations like Hong Kong, Dubai, and Singapore as primary places of
business. 

INSTITUTIONS FLOCK TO ETHER AFTER SHAPELLA UPGRADE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/04/19/institutions-flock-to-ether-after-shapella-upgrade/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Subsequent to Ethereum’s Shapella upgrade implemented on April 12
institutional activity in Ether futures have risen by 39% on the CME,
indicating, perhaps, that institutional interest increased with the
successful transition to Proof of Stake. In addition to putting the
risk of a failed upgrade behind us, the upgrade also reduces staking
risks by allowing immediate withdrawals of locked coins. This creates
an attractive yield instrument for institutions to work with, whether
they deploy delta-neutral yield strategies or are just looking to
juice their returns on ETH with extra yield. Ether's price increased
sharply after the upgrade, and the futures basis widened, suggesting
leverage has been allocated to the bullish side. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

HARD-WALLET MAKER LEDGER, CRYPTO CUSTODIAN ETANA TARGET INSTITUTIONS
WITH REGULATED CUSTODY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/19/hard-wallet-maker-ledger-crypto-custodian-etana-target-institutions-with-regulated-custody/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ledger, a hardware wallet producer, is partnering with Etana Custody
to get into the institutional game in the US, offering secure,
regulated custody for these large clients. The collaboration aims to
boost investor confidence and remove barriers by making it easier for
institutions to store digital assets. Clients can access over 1,800
tokens supported by Ledger without having to maintain their own
private keys. Etana can act as a settlement party, allowing
counterparties to trade digital assets without direct monetary
exchange, reducing risks and ensuring compliance amid increased US
regulatory scrutiny. 

SQUARE ENIX TEAMS WITH ELIXIR TO BRING WEB3 GAMES TO MAINSTREAM
AUDIENCES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/square-enix-teams-elixir-bring-130102286.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Square Enix, the Japanese game publisher behind Final Fantasy, is
partnering with PC gaming platform Elixir to dive deeper into web3
gaming. Elixir, which recently integrated the Epic Games Store
library, offers both traditional and web3 games. The collaboration
aims to combine the web2 and web3 gaming worlds and bring web3 games
to mainstream audiences. Square Enix has been an advocate for web3
gaming, both investing in web3 gaming and building its own games. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY PRIVACY FAILED (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeeprime.capital/why-privacy-failed-zk-part-2?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the challenges of privacy adoption, emphasizing
that privacy has not failed but is hampered by a lack of captivating,
marketable products. It highlights the importance of balancing user
experience, alignment with government/society, and minimizing social
anxiety. Importantly, privacy is considered a feature, not the product
itself, and compelling products must be complemented with privacy
features. This article suggests that compliant privacy solutions,
which work in harmony with existing institutions and societies, will
ultimately be more successful than ungovernable, fully private
solutions and can be done with ZK tech in a way that is palatable to
all parties involved. 

WEB3 DEVELOPMENT REPORT (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.alchemy.com/blog/web3-developer-report-q1-2023?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Alchemy Q1 2023 developer report is out, and it shows that web3
development achieved new milestones despite market challenges. ETH
prices rallied off the lows and developer activity on Alchemy, a
decent proxy for ETH itself, reached all-time highs. The count of
decentralized apps grew by 9% in the quarter, totaling 17,564 across
all chains. Key dapp growth categories included web3 Collectibles
(25%), DeFi and Exchanges (19%), and web3 Social (17%). The quarter
also witnessed an L2 boom, testnet activity growth, and increased
demand for wallet security tools. While there has been a lot of
negative news in the market over the quarter, this report highlights
strong underlying fundamentals that are headed in the right direction.


🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

OPTIMISTIC RELAYS AND WHERE TO FIND THEM (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://frontier.tech/optimistic-relays-and-where-to-find-them?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Around 90% of Ethereum POS blocks use MEV-Boost, increasing proposer
profits by 55%. However, this article highlights why the current
design has issues with latency and high operating costs. Optimistic
relays address these shortcomings by assuming honest behavior from
block-builders, offering three design improvements: Optimistic
Relaying v1 removes simulation latency, benefiting relays, builders,
and proposers but increasing operating costs for relays; v2 removes
block delivery latency, reducing colocation incentives; and v2.5
eliminates block downloads, reducing reliance on relays but impacting
data availability. These designs are considered the inevitable future
due to increased proposer profits, lower costs, and movement towards
ePBS. 

CONSIDER THE CHROMIE SQUIGGLE: AN EXPLORATION OF THE MOST CONTENTIOUS
ON-CHAIN GENERATIVE ART NFT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://pageone.gg/p/consider-the-chromie-squiggle?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Chromie Squiggles, a collection of generative art NFTs created by Art
Blocks founder Snowfro, have gained prominence in the crypto art
movement. Their fun and visually memorable design, early on-chain
generative art genesis story, and connection to Art Blocks and Snowfro
contribute to their appeal. While simple at first glance, there is
actually a great deal of detail embedded in each Squiggle and in the
algorithm as a whole. People often scoff at them, saying they just
look like a simple “scribble”, but this article dives into why
they are not just silly drawings and what makes them potentially
important in the space. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

‘SANDWICH BOTS’ FILCH MILLIONS OFF UNWITTING INVESTORS DURING MEME
COIN RALLY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/markets/memecoin-pepe-sandwich-bots-219m-mev/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


As the meme coin frenzy rages on, sandwich bots are exploiting
inexperienced traders, manipulating Ethereum transactions and
targeting market slippage. These automated programs have made
millions, with one bot, jaredfromsubway.eth, profiting $1.7 million. 

SIGNATURE BANK DIDN'T FAIL BECAUSE OF CRYPTO, NEW YORK REGULATOR SAYS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/227146/signature-bank-new-york-regulator?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Adrienne Harris, New York's head banking regulator, clarified that
Signature Bank's failure was not due to crypto exposure, countering
criticisms from former Rep. Barney Frank during a congressional
hearing. 

GEORGIAN VENDORS GET CRYPTO PAYMENTS OPTION WITH NEW PARTNERSHIP (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/georgian-vendors-get-crypto-payments-option-with-new-partnership?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Gate Pay has partnered with CityPay.io, enabling over 600 Georgian
merchants, including Wendy's, to accept crypto payments. The
collaboration aims to bridge the gap between web3 and daily life,
offering a seamless crypto payment experience. 

THE ENDGAME FOR POLYGON: AN AMA WITH SANKET, HEAD OF GROWTH AT POLYGON
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://ignasdefi.substack.com/p/the-endgame-for-polygon-an-ama-with?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With the L2 wars in full force and undoubtedly more players to come in
that space, many wonder what the future utility of both L1s and L2s
will be. Polygon's Head of Growth addresses some of these questions in
this AMA. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4b376bf8-df45-11ed-aca0-bd016e95ae22&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681992020&t=1681992476&s=d328e04e5e04c07171000e8f16cec639e4e97ea9078be4a0f7914363eb5bd7b7].


 