# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-02-2023

The same mechanism from 2017 may still be in play in the market.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=603c1ab4-a609-11ed-830c-c50d697f08bd&pt=campaign&t=1675688823&s=4ab54c625253607d3d63262d8141ca560eb600c1ac74c49cfd8e1f5419929517]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-06

I AM HIRING A PART-TIME CRYPTO CURATOR FOR THIS NEWSLETTER
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-crypto-newsletter-curator/279]

I am hiring a part-time crypto curator to assist me in finding stories
for this newsletter. Looking for someone who works full time in crypto
ideally in an engineering, product, business/strategy, or investing
role. 

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

THEREâ€™S A WILD THEORY THAT THE PRICE OF BITCOIN IS BEING PROPPED
UPâ€”AND THE ACADEMIC WHO PROVED MANIPULATION IN 2017 SUSPECTS IT MAY
BE HAPPENING AGAIN (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wild-theory-price-bitcoin-being-110000608.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


In 2017, John Griffin and Amin Shams observed that when new batches of
a token that was supposed to be backed one-to-one with the dollar were
released, the price of Bitcoin would increase. The discovery led them
to believe that someone or a group was using the newly created token
to artificially inflate the price of Bitcoin. Griffin noticed another
unusual trend in the Bitcoin market in 2022. Despite the crypto crash
and other negative influences, every time Bitcoin fell below $16,000,
it quickly bounced back. The same mechanism from 2017 may still be in
play in the market. 

NFTFI PROCESSES RECORD NUMBER OF LOANS IN JANUARY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/nftfi-record-loans?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

There are more NFT holders borrowing against their digital assets than
ever. The number of loans disbursed through NFT-lending protocol FTfi
reached a record high of 4,399 in January, almost double the previous
peak of 2,481 loans seen in March. NFT lending markets peaked in April
last year, but the space is showing new signs of life. While trading
volumes appear to be down 95% from all-time highs, there are several
factors that mean that the drop in volume is much less dramatic. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

STARKWARE TO OPEN SOURCE ITS ETHEREUM SCALING SYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/05/starkware-to-open-source-its-ethereum-scaling-solution/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Starkware has announced plans to open source its core cryptographic
software tool. The company's software tackles scalability issues for
Ethereum. StarkWare plans to open source the STARK Prover technology
that drives its StarkEx scaling engine and StarkNet projects. The open
sourcing process will take some time to complete, but StarkWare is
committed to making its entire tech stack transparent for developers. 

JUSTIN SUN ANNOUNCES LISTING OF FTX EXCHANGEâ€™S DEBT ASSET FUD ON
HUOBI GLOBAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/justin-sun-announces-listing-of-ftx-exchanges-debt-asset-fud-on-huobi-global-202302051258?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Huobi Global has listed FTX's user debt as a token. The FUD token
provides creditors with improved liquidity, the capability to trade
their debt in the open market, and increased control over their
assets. Huobi will offer the token at a discounted rate during the
early bird issuance phase at a rate of $1 for 1 FUD. After FTX
recovers the database and confirms the exact debt of creditors,
DebtDAO will launch a secondary public offering. Those who held 1 FUD
prior to the secondary public offering will be rewarded with an extra
2 FUDs. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HALMOS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/daejunpark/status/1621256461233049600?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Halmos is a symbolic bounded model checker for Ethereum smart
contracts bytecode. It can execute given contract bytecode with
symbolic function arguments and symbolic storage states, unroll loops
up to a specified bound and set the size of variable-length arrays,
and prove assertions are never violated by any inputs. Halmos can be
used for bug detection as well as formal verification of a contract.
It offers flexibility in choosing quality assurance options and can
help boost confidence in code correctness across all inputs. 

WHAT IS NOSTR? (WEBSITE)
[https://www.nostr.how/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Nostr is a protocol for creating censorship-resistant global social
networks. It is simple, extensible, and resilient. Nostr accounts are
easily verifiable as they are based on public keys. This site guides
readers on how to create an account on Nostr and learn more about how
the Nostr protocol works. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY GTX COULD LEAD TO ANOTHER DISASTER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/wassielawyer/status/1621868207471755264?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GTX is an exchange for trading claims on bankrupt crypto companies,
such as FTX. The validity of claims made against the FTX estate is
still uncertain. GTX would be unable to determine which FTX claims are
valid. Buying FTX claims from GTX involves taking counterparty risk
from both GTX and the assignee of the claim. 

RIC BURTON, CEO OF BALANCE ACCUSES UNISWAP CEO OF TREACHERY, PLANS TO
FILE A LAWSUIT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://coinnounce.com/ric-burton-ceo-of-balancer-accuses-uniswap-ceo-of-treachery-plans-to-file-a-lawsuit/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ric Burton, the CEO of Balance, believes that he was taken advantage
of by Hayden Adams, the creator of Uniswap, who he had considered a
close friend. Burton contributed his time, friendship, and an unknown
amount of money to help Adams bring Uniswap to market, but was never
paid for his efforts. Adams offered to reimburse Burton for his
expenses on the condition that they not discuss the happenings and
conditions of their relationship in public, a term Burton considered
obnoxious. Burton indicated that he would take legal action to
retrieve the due money. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

IS A BITCOIN NFT BOOM COMING? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.banklesshq.com/p/is-a-bitcoin-nft-boom-coming?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ordinals is a protocol that lets users convert Bitcoin into NFTs
stored fully on-chain on the Bitcoin network. 

FTM SOARS 35% ON THE WEEK AS FANTOM PREPS STABLECOIN RELAUNCH (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120530/ftm-soars-week-fantom-preps-stablecoin-relaunch?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Andre Cronje is rebuilding Fantom's native stablecoin, fUSD. 

LITTLE SHAPES WAS A â€˜SOCIAL EXPERIMENTâ€™ TO EXPOSE NFT BOTNETS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/little-shapes-was-a-social-experiment-to-expose-nft-botnets-founder?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Little Shapes' founder released a document that alleges a large number
of low-level NFT projects deployed bot networks to artificially build
hype and legitimacy in an attempt to rug-pull investors. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=603c1ab4-a609-11ed-830c-c50d697f08bd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675688441&t=1675688823&s=93e5fdcfff971a002856081c296b3acab827e7dd3e5d69bee76b3201bf3df1d9].


Â 