# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-09-2023

The SEC has postponed its decision on the approval of bitcoin ETF
applications from firms like BlackRock and WisdomTree until OctoberÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=38ab57d0-48ac-11ee-a419-0fe050e70ef1&pt=campaign&t=1693569812&s=cc6554959fad7aae51ea21b8564d965fd631e5e746cf3e4cb5eea787782a9533]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-01

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC DELAYS SPOT BITCOIN ETF DECISION FOR ALL APPLICANTS INCLUDING
BLACKROCK, FIDELITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/31/after-grayscale-victory-sec-kicks-the-can-on-latest-bitcoin-etf-applications/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC has postponed its decision on the approval of bitcoin ETF
applications from firms like BlackRock and WisdomTree until October.
The delay will allow for extended comment periods and broader public
feedback on the applications. This came as somewhat of a
disappointment as the markets seemed to have been anticipating a quick
approval after the SECâ€™s loss in the Grayscale case. 

SWIFT UNLOCKS POTENTIAL OF TOKENIZATION WITH SUCCESSFUL BLOCKCHAIN
EXPERIMENTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.swift.com/news-events/press-releases/swift-unlocks-potential-tokenisation-successful-blockchain-experiments?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Swift announced successful tests showing its infrastructure can
facilitate tokenized asset transfers across several blockchains. The
project used existing security frameworks to provide multiple network
access points, decreasing requisite outlay for institutions' tokenized
asset endeavors. Swift collaborated with major financial institutions
and web3 service platform Chainlink to make this happen. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BEAM FOR DEVELOPERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/beam_cash/status/1696956266432561482?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Beam, a crypto-to-fiat on/off ramp, introduced a feature for
developers that will allow them to easily include one-click conversion
from crypto to fiat in their apps. This new feature is aimed at
simplifying, scaling, and expanding access to the crypto ecosystem.
The service includes handling compliance, liquidity management, and
traditional rail connectivity, allowing developers to focus on
building their apps rather than the underlying infrastructure. 

STYLUS NOW LIVE â€” ONE CHAIN, MANY LANGUAGES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/offchainlabs/stylus-now-live-one-chain-many-languages-eee56ad7266d?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Arbitrum announced the launch of Stylus, expanding Arbitrum's
interoperability with additional languages like Rust, C, and C++. The
announcement includes the launch of a live testnet and availability of
the open-source SDK. The new tech brings enhanced speed,
cost-efficiency, and expanded use cases. As part of its launch,
Arbitrum is holding a Stylus Hackathon with $20,000 in bounties. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SOLVING THE STABLECOIN QUESTION: STABLECOIN FUNCTIONALITY (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xa1eB063E50bd82f3b511BaC3084AbD67Cf79AfD4/Qnn8leCARa21TPASZPxpt0SU_o1Y7qxebStS34Lw6r0?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article suggests that stablecoins should simply be digital
versions of the assets they are linked to without additional utilities
which could dilute the benefits of the base stablecoin. It goes on to
propose five key utilities for stablecoins: Medium of Exchange, Store
of Value/Peg Stability, Capital Efficiency, Fiat On-Ramp/Off-Ramp, and
Censorship Resistance. 

GAMBLING NARRATIVE: AN OVERVIEW OF ROLLBIT AND THE UPCOMING PROJECTS
SET TO LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Beacon_Early/status/1696464389602267257?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In under two months, the market cap of Rollbit has surged tenfold from
$63 million to $622 million, and the platform's on-chain metrics have
been showing an increasing adoption rate. This thread dives into
Rollbit and some other projects that look like promising alternatives
within the GambleFi narrative. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PAYPALâ€™S PYUSD LIVE ON COINBASE; BUT THEREâ€™S A CATCH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://coingape.com/paypal-pyusd-live-on-coinbase-but-theres-a-catch/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase has announced the listing of PayPal's stablecoin, PYUSD-USD,
on its platform. However, the listing carries an "Experimental" label,
a tag used by Coinbase for newly listed assets or those with low
trading volume to caution users about potential risks. Despite mixed
opinions on PayPal's stablecoin, it has been listed across various
exchanges steadily and could pose competition to the leading
stablecoins, USDC and USDT. 

ADIDAS CREATES RESIDENCY FOR NFT ARTISTS WITH PLANS FOR PHYSICAL
COLLABS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154469/adidas-creates-residency-nft-artists-plans-physical-collabs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Adidas' digital arm, Three Stripes Studio, is launching a global
digital artist residency program, Residency by Adidas, to support and
showcase digital artists. The program debuts this month during Korea
Blockchain Week and will feature works from artists MonkeeMoto and
Adra Kandil as Ethereum NFTs. Additionally, the program will offer
limited edition NFT drops and future collaborations on physical items.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

WHY TOKENIZED SMART BATTERIES ARE A â€˜NET NEW ASSET CLASSâ€™ (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/entheos-renewable-energy-smart-batteries?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Entheos and Plural Energy are partnering to enable blockchain-based
financing of smart battery assets, aiming to make renewable energy
solutions more effective and attractive. 

UNLOCKING THE FUTURE OF NFTS: EXPLORING ERC-6551 TOKEN BOUND ACCOUNTS
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/unlocking-the-future-of-nfts-exploring-erc-6551-token-bound-accounts?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

ERC-6551 introduces Token Bound Accounts, equipping NFTs with Smart
Wallets for asset management. This post from Coinbase explains the
standard and its potential use cases. 

AN INTERESTING IMPLEMENTATION OF AN IDEA FROM SOLANAâ€™S FOUNDER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/darksoulsfanlol/status/1696908623501558027?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

SolLinked is a Solana-based email and calendar platform that
prioritizes messages based on the amount of $USDC sent. This dev spun
this app up after Toly, Solanaâ€™s founder, mentioned heâ€™d like to
see a product like this in the space. 

NANSEN DEFENDS ITS AVALANCHE RESEARCH AFTER CRYPTO LEAKSâ€™
ACCUSATIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/nansen-defends-avalanche-research?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto Leaks accused Nansen of favorably reviewing Avalanche due to a
potential business relationship between the two entities. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=38ab57d0-48ac-11ee-a419-0fe050e70ef1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693569618&t=1693569812&s=6357fd796830a4ea2943784df39ffdedb6dba989ab3883b2e7d2fd3557e31016].