# Articles TLDR Crypto 18-09-2023

Gemini has expressed opposition to Genesis bankruptcy recovery plan,
calling it misleadingÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=26370c42-55be-11ee-a4fc-89ddfc88a512&pt=campaign&t=1695038650&s=ec42a2b7f9e55bca02f6bd0fdd12d43bd267b2871521bb64f39c63a86cc51537]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-18

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GEMINI BLASTS DCG AND GENESIS BANKRUPTCY PLAN, CALLING IT
â€˜MISLEADING AT BESTâ€™ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/15/gemini-blasts-dcg-and-genesis-bankruptcy-plan-calling-it-misleading-at-best/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Gemini has expressed opposition to Genesis' bankruptcy recovery plan,
calling it misleading. Genesis, along with parent company DCG,
proposed the remuneration deal, but Gemini is arguing that creditors,
including Gemini Earn users, will be wildly under-compensated under
DCG and Genesisâ€™ jointly proposed plan. DCG reportedly owes over
$1.65 billion to Genesis, which in turn owes about $1.2 billion to
Gemini. 

JPEX EXCHANGE SUSPENDS CERTAIN OPERATIONS, HIKES FEES AMID LIQUIDITY
CRISIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/251358/jpex-exchange-suspends-certain-operations-hikes-fees-amid-liquidity-crisis?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto exchange JPEX is in a liquidity crisis, with operations frozen
and withdrawal fees marked up. The company is blaming third-party
market makers for maliciously freezing its funds. Amidst all of these
issues, Hong Kong's regulators have warned JPEX about misleading
statements concerning claims about its licenses and partnerships, as
well as unusually high returns for interest-bearing products. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

LAYER Nâ€™S $5 MILLION ROUND INCLUDES SUPPORT FROM PETER THIEL-BACKED
FOUNDERS FUND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/90pDi?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto company Layer N has obtained $5 million in seed funding from
prominent investors. Layer N, an L2 built on top of Ethereum, aims to
boost transaction capacity and speed to create experiences more
similar to traditional financial markets. The founders intend to
attract crypto traders and decentralized exchanges. Layer N also has
ambitions to enable centralized exchanges to create decentralized
offerings. One of the most interesting aspects of this raise is that
Peter Thielâ€™s Founders Fund was in on the round. 

BNB CHAINâ€™S L2: OPBNB MAINNET GOES LIVE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bnbchain.org/en/blog/bnb-chains-l2-opbnb-mainnet-goes-live/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

BNB Chainâ€™s L2, built on the OP stack, has gone live on mainnet,
giving the BNB ecosystem an EVM-compatible L2. This move allows for
substantial gas fee reductions, supporting broad accessibility to the
BNB ecosystem. The network will offer monetary and non-monetary aid to
developers, alongside extensive learning resources and technical
support, aiming to nurture and engage the developer community. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TO BUILD A CRYPTO PROJECT LIKE AN AEROSPACE ENGINEER (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/apeworx.eth/XOagKK6ZweD256uc2YsRIkCp5rWChAeEzkPVNOuD4M8?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog post compares building smart contracts to building aircraft
- asserting that both should be built with the assumption of failure
and have safety nets in place. The post suggests analyzing potential
faults in the design phase and implementing precautions. Additionally,
it underscores the importance of utilizing existing technologies
instead of creating new ones and promoting iterative testing methods
for different components of a project. 

THE ONLY SAFE WAY TO STORE CRYPTO (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://officercia.mirror.xyz/p1ieZdxQWH4yHCNOXNPHyT8So1cY0X_wMGKwdmavi7s?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This is a comprehensive security guide providing several strategies
for storing private keys securely. The guide emphasizes the use of
different types of wallets such as cold hardware wallets, operational
wallets, and even brain wallets. It also highlights the necessity for
reliable VPNs and notes specific steps for EVM-based blockchains. The
author cautions against using online key generation services and
proposes yearly audits of keys, among other measures. They conclude by
emphasizing the importance of a solid understanding of threat models
and adversaries in maintaining good operational security. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FORKS ARE GOOD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jacob.energy/forks-are-good.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

NounsDAO has successfully executed its first-ever fork. Unlike
previous well-known forks, NounsDAO holders had to choose which fork
their tokens would be in, instead of maintaining a balance in both.
Both forks retain equal public domain rights to the project's artwork.
The new governance system underscores the broader potential of DAOs
and how forks can encourage faster innovation. 

RAMBLINGS ON BLOCKSPACE (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x0C23E0dE114d28112f52203cb9583B9826b05dDe/UG0YC5cmw1Ib2DiOivp22suh6gZJyMqVoR3mhu8M2b8?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article explores the concept of blockspace as a digital
commodity. It analyzes the properties of blockspace, including
security and decentralization. The article notes differences among
varying types of blockspace and the importance of their availability
and flexibility. It delves into the roles of producers and consumers,
market valuation, and trading opportunities related to blockspace. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

SAM BANKMAN-FRIED BLAMES EVERYONE BUT HIMSELF FOR FTX'S COLLAPSE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/09/15/sam-bankman-fried-blames-everyone-but-himself-for-ftxs-collapse/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

SBF's leaked writings reveal his perspectives following his crypto
empire's collapse. In these writings, he continues to deny
responsibility for the $8 billion loss, blaming others, including his
ex-girlfriend, while seemingly regretting only his tarnished public
image. 

HOW THE LAZARUS GROUP IS STEPPING UP CRYPTO HACKS AND CHANGING ITS
TACTICS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.elliptic.co/blog/how-the-lazarus-group-is-stepping-up-crypto-hacks-and-changing-its-tactics?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In 104 days, Lazarus Group has stolen nearly $240 million across
multiple platforms, shifting its focus back to centralized services
due to increased security in decentralized systems. 

PROGRAMMABLE CBDC MAY LEAD TO SERIOUS ABUSES OF POWER, NO REASON FOR
US TO MOVE TOWARD CBDC NOW: CONGRESSIONAL HEARING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://sociable.co/government-and-policy/programmable-cbdc-abuses-power-hearing/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Experts are warning against CBDCs, citing potential government control
and limited economic benefits. These experts suggest alternatives and
public-private partnerships with constitutional protections. 

REGIME CHANGE IN STABLECOINS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://niccarter.info/wp-content/uploads/token2049_niccarter_090923.pdf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Nic Carter gave a talk at Token2049 on the past, present, and future
use cases and applications of stablecoins. These slides summarize the
talk. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=26370c42-55be-11ee-a4fc-89ddfc88a512&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695038435&t=1695038650&s=07961f90266e3c426ba3c0ecf43544372a31da5fb5ef349de172f2e8f9a18f3b].