# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-03-2023

Bitcoin dominance (BTC.D) has reached a nine-month high of 45.5%Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=96b21ac4-c3d4-11ed-a5fe-f189c525a350&pt=campaign&t=1678968430&s=4f628231507234f9c7257db2f69ef91cbde8923879d07210631ff6c8c428a59c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Coinspect]
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220316]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-16

INSECURE WEB3 CODE IS A HACKERâ€™S BEST FRIEND (SPONSOR)
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220316] 

Hackers will pounce on any chance to steal cryptocurrency and wreak
havoc. Thatâ€™s why the best web3 developers protect their source code
and smart contracts with Coinspect security audits:
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220316]

	*
Dozens of audits conducted since 2014 (blockchain implementations,
dapps, protocols, mobile wallets, and more)

	*
Team of information security experts with over 20 years of experience

	*
Proven methodology
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220316] to
stress-test every aspect of your appâ€™s security, from system design
to pentesting

Request a customized security audit today
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20220316]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

UKâ€™S NATWEST, PAYSAFE DISTANCE FROM CRYPTO AS BANKS ROIL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/uks-natwest-paysafe-distance-from-crypto-as-banks-roil?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


UK's NatWest bank has imposed restrictions on customers wiring funds
to crypto exchanges, with daily and monthly limits of $1,200 and
$6,000, allegedly, to protect consumers from losing significant sums
of money. Additionally, online payments provider Paysafe is shutting
down services to UK Binance customers. These moves follow the collapse
of US banks Silvergate, Silicon Valley Bank, and Signature Bank and
highlight the growing trend of financial institutions distancing
themselves from digital assets amid a turbulent regulatory
environment. 

BITCOIN DOMINANCE REACHES 9-MONTH HIGH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/15/bitcoin-dominance-reaches-9-month-high?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bitcoin dominance (BTC.D) has reached a nine-month high of 45.5% amid
volatile crypto markets and two crypto-friendly bank failures.
BTC.Dâ€™s increase coincides with a price surge to beyond $26,000
after favorable CPI data where alts struggled to keep up. A BTC.D run
indicates reduced market euphoria as traders choose BTC over more
speculative altcoins. Additionally, BTC.D has also grown amid
stablecoin uncertainty, with USDC depegging over the weekend and
regulators increasing scrutiny on stablecoins. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

UNISWAP VERSION 3 GOES LIVE ON BNB CHAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/03/15/uniswap-version-3-goes-live-on-bnb-chain/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap, Ethereumâ€™s largest DEX, has expanded to BNB Chain, offering
user growth, lower fees, and access to new markets. The move enables
Uniswap Protocol users to take advantage of BNB Chain's high-speed,
low transaction fees for token trading and swapping. The integration
also exposes Uniswap to BNB Chain's extensive DeFi developer
community, which could help foster further innovation. This could also
potentially increase awareness and adoption among retail and
institutional investors and could add 1-2 million new users and
Protocol stakeholders. 

A THREAD ON THE UPCOMING AEVO LAUNCH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635863024119545856.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ribbon Finance's blockchain-settled options platform Aevo is launching
soon, aiming to provide a trustless, transparent alternative to
centralized exchanges like Deribit. This thread lays out an investment
thesis for Aevo. Aevo's edge includes passive flow from RBN's DOV,
settlement of options in USDC, and a smooth UI/UX. Ribbon Finance has
a market cap of $100mn, with emissions recently reduced to 125k
RBN/week. Aevo's introduction is expected to generate significant fees
and boost RBN token value, with potential for further growth as new
products and features are introduced. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THINKING OF BRIDGES AS CLIENTS: BRIDGES GOT HACKED BECAUSE OF BAD
CODE, NOT BAD IDEAS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kydo.substack.com/p/bridges-as-clients?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the vulnerability of blockchain bridges due to
software bugs at the implementation level. To enhance security, the
author proposes viewing bridges as protocol clients, implementing a
standardized bridging protocol, and promoting client diversity. The
Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) design for Uniswap cross-chain
governance message passing is being developed as a practical
application of this approach. MMA aims to improve the resilience and
trustworthiness of cross-blockchain communication by prioritizing
security in bridging. 

DUNE DASHBOARD TO ASSESS THE STRENGTH OF NFT PROJECTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1636006634907660288.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


One Twitter user, @mevcollector, achieved a remarkable 7736% return by
investing in strong NFT projects. To help others identify strength in
NFT projects, @0xjaypeg created a dashboard that examines factors like
sale prices, average holding duration, unique holders, and top sales
and traders. Using Pudgy Penguins as an example in this thread, they
demonstrated the dashboard's functionality. The tool can be applied to
any NFT project by inputting the contract address, making it easier to
discover potentially profitable investments. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENSLER SUGGESTS PROOF-OF-STAKE TOKENS ARE SECURITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/220297/gensler-suggests-proof-of-stake-tokens-are-securities?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Wednesday, SEC Chair Gary Gensler suggested that tokens leveraging
staking mechanisms might be considered securities under U.S. law, as
promised returns could lead to a need for registration. Gensler urged
token operators and intermediaries to comply with regulations. His
comments followed the CFTC Chair's reiteration that ether is a
commodity. The SEC recently undertook its first staking-as-a-service
enforcement action and settled with Kraken. Also, New York Attorney
General Letitia James recently claimed that ether is an unregistered
security in a lawsuit against KuCoin. 

IN UKRAINE, CRYPTO FINDS A PURPOSE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/ukraine-crypto-refugee-aid/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In the past year, over 14 million Ukrainians have been displaced, and
aid organizations are looking for efficient ways to help. The United
Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) has partnered with the
Stellar Development Foundation, MoneyGram, and Circle Internet
Financial to pilot a crypto-based aid system. The UNHCR distributes
USDC stablecoins to digital wallets accessible via smartphone, which
recipients can then exchange for local currency at MoneyGram
facilities. Although the pilot currently serves fewer than 100
participants, the system is prepared to scale up. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

US JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ANNOUNCES CHARGES IN CONNECTION WITH CHIPMIXER
TAKEDOWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/us-justice-department-announces-charges-in-connection-with-chipmixer-takedown?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The US Justice Department charged Minh Quá»‘c Nguyá»…n, a Hanoi
resident, for operating ChipMixer, a crypto mixer involved in
laundering over $844 million in Bitcoin tied to illicit activities
since 2017. 

POSSIBLE PATHS FORWARD FOR DEFI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635980042294669312.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread examines how USDCâ€™s depeg exposed DeFi's reliance on
centralized components, suggesting two paths forward: rebrand to
"on-chain finance" or eliminate centralized elements for full
decentralization. 

IS WEB3 GAMING JUST HYPE OR WILL IT BE AT THE CENTER OF THE NEXT BULL
RUN? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635243307516461056.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Web2 gaming economy, such as CS:GO's skin trading, demonstrates
the potential for valuable digital assets. This thread walks through
how web3 gaming could expand on this concept by introducing
interoperable NFTs, offering significant investment opportunities. 

BLACKROCK CEO SOFTENS CRYPTO STANCE FURTHER WITH â€˜TOKENISATIONâ€™
PUSH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/markets/blackrock-ceo-softens-crypto-stance-further-with-tokenisation-push/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In his annual letter, BlackRock's CEO Larry Fink highlighted the
potential of tokenizing traditional assets like stocks and bonds.
Major banks have already issued over $1.5 billion in on-chain bonds,
while BlackRock has been exploring permissioned blockchains and asset
tokenization. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=96b21ac4-c3d4-11ed-a5fe-f189c525a350&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678968019&t=1678968430&s=576a080793f38bd2a66a1cb61088728f91f077be4c05382445a8363a15616e98].


Â 