# Articles TLDR Crypto 19-07-2023

Crunchbase reported a 76% year-over-year decrease in web3 VC funding
in Q2 of this yearÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7eda5574-2608-11ee-bdbb-ed55bd02ddb3&pt=campaign&t=1689768254&s=63a61179224940420fb83c6fe8f88f4fbd6be3b83de2d6965193d89ea3ec5486]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-19

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CELSIUS ESTATE SETTLES WITH SERIES B HOLDERS OVER PROCEEDS OF GK8 SALE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/07/18/celsius-estate-settles-with-series-b-holders-over-proceeds-of-gk8-sale/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bankrupt crypto firm Celsius has reached an agreement with creditors
and Series B investors for a $25 million settlement to be drawn from
the sale of self-custody platform GK8 to Galaxy Digital. The deal may
not cover all legal expenses and unfairly provides an advantage to a
specific group. Celsius filed for bankruptcy after troubles following
its Series B, which was led by growth equity firm Westcap and a Quebec
pension fund. Former CEO, Alex Mashinsky, was recently arrested as
part of an investigation into the company's collapse. 

VC FUNDING IN WEB3 PLUMMETS 76% (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/07/18/vc-funding-in-web3-plummets-76-crunchbase-data/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Crunchbase reported a 76% year-over-year decrease in web3 VC funding
in Q2 of this year. The downtrend looks slightly worse when looking at
the full first half of 2023, where funding dropped by 78%
year-over-year, with companies raising only $3.6 billion compared to
last year's nearly $16 billion. This sharp decline, attributed to the
crypto winter, sits in contrast to the vast amounts AI startups have
raised in the same timeframe - $25 billion. Despite the decline,
companies like a16z remain positive about web3's future, highlighting
especially strong areas like web3 gaming. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FUTUREVERSE RAISES $54M TO MARRY AI AND THE METAVERSE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/metaverse/futureverse-raises-54m-to-marry-ai-and-the-metaverse/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Metaverse and AI company FutureVerse recently raised $54 million in a
funding round led by 10T Holdings, with Ripple in on the round as
well. FutureVerse plans to continue developing its AI content
generation tools that will set the base layer for the companyâ€™s
metaverse with the new funding. FutureVerse, which has acquired 11
companies since its inception, recently launched the AI-powered game
AI League in collaboration with FIFA and an AI-powered boxing game in
partnership with Muhammad Ali Enterprises. 

SYNTHETIX IS TARGETING A Q4 LAUNCH FOR PERPS V3 AND INFINEX (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/240295/synthetix-is-targeting-a-q4-launch-for-perps-v3-and-infinex-kain-warwick?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Synthetix, a protocol for trading synthetic assets and crypto
derivatives, is planning to launch v3 of its decentralized perpetual
futures exchange and its new front end, Infinex, in Q4. The upgrade
aims to improve the UX by mimicking a CEXâ€™s usability but retaining
the self-custody principle of DEXs. Infinex will facilitate access to
decentralized perpetuals trading without requiring an on-chain
transaction for every trade. Founder Kain Warwick envisions this as
another step in user migration from CEXs, given the history of such
platforms facing theft and mismanagement issues. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY UNISWAPX COULD BE A GAME CHANGER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/danrobinson/status/1681061703818305536?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This Twitter thread lays out why UniswapX's new architecture could be
transformative due to its efficiency and flexibility. The upgrade
paves the way for better order flow auctions, returning MEV to users.
While the update is seen as a crucial step towards improving off-chain
order matching, more improvements are needed to enhance
decentralization, competitiveness and privacy. UniswapX could pave the
way for seamless cross-chain and roll-up exchanges. The new platform
complements Uniswap v4, which is aimed at improving sustainable
passive liquidity provision. 

WHAT ARE META-TRANSACTIONS? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/yugacohler/status/1681400073362522136?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase Wallet recently introduced gasless sends on Polygon for USDC
without relying on smart contracts or account abstraction, instead
using a standard known as "meta-transactions." Defined by EIP-3009,
meta-transactions offer enhanced security and usability through
randomized nonces and avoid the "transferFrom/approve" pattern.
Importantly, the person executing the method is not necessarily the
sender, exemplifying how gasless sends work. The process illustrates
how EIP-4337 is not the only standard capable of implementing gasless
sends. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COINBASE CEO BRIAN ARMSTRONG SET TO MEET WITH HOUSE DEMOCRATS (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/T7WQ5?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong will engage in a private discussion with
the New Democrat Coalition to discuss digital-asset legislation and
other issues such as tax, national security, and privacy. The meeting
comes amidst a lawsuit against Coinbase, one of the globe's largest
cryptocurrency exchanges, by the SEC. Armstrong has been pushing for
clearer rules around digital assets in Washington. Additionally,
Coinbase is promoting two bills offering clearer guidance on crypto
exchange registration with regulators. This gathering follows a
favorable court ruling in the XRP case that dealt a significant blow
to the SECâ€™s claims that most crypto tokens are securities. 

SCAM SUPER CYCLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.egirlcapital.com/writings/154108440?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article discusses how the nature of online interactions, driven
by anonymity and lack of repercussions, fosters scams and toxicity.
Online scams have sadly been prominent in the crypto sector. The lack
of a sense of 'presence' in digital spaces limits feelings of empathy
and often enables unethical behavior. Digital information overload
also hampers the ability to discern quality information from
falsehoods. The article suggests that a potential solution could be
introduced through the Metaverse, proposing an environment where
repercussions exist and a sense of identity or 'presence' is restored,
potentially reducing fraud. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

OPENSEA HALTS TRADING OF STAKED-ETHER NFTS AS CREATOR CALLS
MARKETPLACE 'UNLICENSED CASINOâ€™ (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/240297/opensea-halts-trading-of-staked-ether-nfts-as-creator-calls-marketplace-unlicensed-casino?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

OpenSea halted Ether.Fi's staked-ether NFT trading, citing financial
activity regulation. In return, Ether.Fi's CEO criticized OpenSea for
being an 'unlicensed casino' and stressed Ether.Fi's non-custodial
approach. 

VC FIRM COINFUND RAISES $158 MILLION TO BACK CRYPTO STARTUPS (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/YZqFk?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

CoinFund has raised a $158 million fund to support early-stage crypto
startups, exceeding its initial $125 million target. The firm plans to
focus on the intersection of crypto and AI. 

POLYCHAIN RAISES $200 MILLION FOR FOURTH CRYPTO VC FUND, SHAKES UP
STAFF (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/lL1H4?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Polychain Capital has raised $200 million for the initial close of its
fourth fund. It aims to raise about $400 million total. Three research
team members have been let go amid changing investment priorities. 

VITALIK BUTERIN EXPLAINS HOW ETHEREUM PLANS TO MAKE CRYPTO WALLETS AS
SIMPLE AS EMAIL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/149063/vitalik-buterin-explains-how-ethereum-plans-to-make-crypto-wallets-as-simple-as-email?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin says that modern account
abstraction could simplify crypto wallets, making them as easy as
email accounts. The EIP-4337 upgrade may enhance features like wallet
recovery, lower transaction fees, and multisig wallets, potentially
driving wider web3 adoption. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7eda5574-2608-11ee-bdbb-ed55bd02ddb3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689768055&t=1689768254&s=ce099c33b83013560dbe0d348c6d5b94623db07cad689a2e2af84171a1a0994a].