# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-04-2023

Coinbaseâ€™s head of legal outlined some of the arguments from the
Tornado Cash case.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8abad8a2-d43f-11ed-a734-e309109cde6f&pt=campaign&t=1680782847&s=1e2a9b5bb7a65ee525d2b697339acc9049a4477bd037b4d0188a6f2129c5a901]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-04-06

LOOKING FOR AN ENTRY POINT TO DEFI? GET THE 1INCH WALLET FOR FREE
(SPONSOR) [https://1inch.network/TLDR] 

Over 100,000 users have already downloaded the 1inch Wallet
[https://1inch.network/TLDR]. Why? Because it has the perfect
combination of being really easy to use, while also boasting a
sophisticated feature set.
Itâ€™s non-custodial [https://1inch.network/TLDR], meaning you are the
sole owner of your walletâ€™s private keys and assets. It has
best-in-class security built in [https://1inch.network/TLDR], audited
by top security firms. The 1inch Wallet [https://1inch.network/TLDR]
is a reliable solution for storing your crypto on multiple networks.
Thereâ€™s AI-powered private key and seed phrase scanning, secure
backup to iCloud, and the list goes on [https://1inch.network/TLDR].
Plus, you can conveniently connect to Web3 apps.

Download the 1Inch Wallet now. Itâ€™s free.
[https://1inch.network/TLDR]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE REJECTED JUSTIN SUNâ€™S OFFER TO BUY HIS HUOBI STAKE: SOURCE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/05/binance-rejected-justin-suns-offer-to-buy-his-huobi-stake-source/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance has reportedly declined an offer to acquire Tron founder
Justin Sun's ahres in competing exchange Huobi. Binance's disinterest
stems from Huobi's rumored ties to mainland China, which Binance has
avoided having a presence in ever since moving from the country. Sun's
involvement with Huobi remains mysterious, as he is confirmed to be a
leader of the company that purchased Huobi but has dismissed
speculation about selling his stake. The acquisition offer was
allegedly made directly to Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao by Sun, who
later denied the claim on Twitter. 

BLOCKCHAIN BUILDER AVA LABS PARTNERS WITH KOREAâ€™S SK PLANET TO
EXPAND ASIA FOOTPRINT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/05/blockchain-builder-ava-labs-partners-with-koreas-sk-planet-to-expand-asia-footprint/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ava Labs has partnered with SK Planet, an arm of South Korean firm SK
Square, to expand web3 infrastructure in South Korea through the
launch of Avalanche Subnet UPTN. The partnership aims to support SK
Planet customers and merchants in adopting digital collectibles, web3
wallets, and decentralized communities. SK Planet's membership reward
program, OK Cashbag, is among the applications to be deployed on the
subnet. The collaboration marks Ava Labs' continued expansion in Asia,
following its partnership with Tencent Cloud in February. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ETHEREUM PROJECTS COME TOGETHER ON MEV BLOCKER RPC LAUNCH TO SHARE
PROFITS WITH USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225023/ethereum-projects-come-together-on-mev-blocker-rpc-launch-to-share-profits-with-users?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


To help protect users from MEV attacks like front-running and
sandwiching, over 30 Ethereum projects worked together to launch MEV
Blocker RPC. Developed by CoW Swap, Agnostic Relay, and Beaver Build,
MEV Blocker RPC routes user transactions to a network of "searchers"
instead of the public memory pool, allowing searchers to bundle
transactions privately and create backruns that are then submitted to
block builders. The MEV profits from this process are then split
between users submitting transactions and searchers: 90% to users and
10% to searchers. 

ULTRAâ€™S NEW WEB3 GAMING MARKETPLACE LETS USERS RESELL DIGITAL GAMES
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/125471/ultras-new-web3-gaming-marketplace-lets-users-resell-digital-games?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Web3 gaming startup Ultra is launching its Ultra Games marketplace on
April 25, featuring a secondary marketplace for users to resell
digital games through tokenized license rights. Built on Ultra's L1
network, a fork of EOS, the marketplace will offer both web3 and
traditional games. Game publishers can set no-resale periods, minimum
resale prices, and royalty percentages. Ultra Games aims to provide a
web2-friendly interface for non-crypto natives and support NFT
implementations from publishers and developers. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY THE WEB3 GAMING WAVE WILL RETURN IN 2023 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1643212960557588480.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread lays out a thesis for why web3 gaming will make a comeback
in 2023. GameFi's true value proposition focuses on asset ownership,
with both gamers and studios benefiting. Despite a temporary loss of
interest, web3 gaming could return because of the potential revenue
share for gamers and innovative projects like TreasureDAO,
OhBabyGames, The Beacon, MetaStrike, Stella Fantasy, and The Machines
Game. These games offer quality gameplay, creativity, and NFT
ownership, which the author predicts will drive the resurgence of web3
gaming. 

SCHRÃ–DINGER'S COIN MODEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1643605139414999042.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread introduces the SchrÃ¶dinger's Coin Model, valuing Bitcoin
as a store of value. The model suggests Bitcoin has the potential to
capture the monetary premium of traditional assets such as real
estate, stocks, and bonds. Central banks' excessive currency
production has led to asset monetization and financialization of the
economy. The SchrÃ¶dinger's Coin Model, inspired by quantum
superposition, predicts Bitcoin will either fail or capture all
traditional stores of value. If you follow these assumptions, Bitcoin
would be undervalued by 13x, representing an asymmetric upside
opportunity. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHECKS AND BALANCES: MACHINE LEARNING AND ZERO-KNOWLEDGE PROOFS (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/content/article/checks-and-balances-machine-learning-and-zero-knowledge-proofs/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Zero-knowledge proofs have been vital for scaling and privacy in
blockchains. Now, advancements enable users to demand trustlessness
and verifiability from all digital products, including machine
learning models. Though still in early stages, zero-knowledge proofs
can represent machine learning applications as arithmetic circuits,
allowing verification without revealing private inputs. With
improvements in algorithms and proof systems, it will be possible to
verify complex models efficiently. This innovation pushes for
open-source AI models with auditable, privacy-preserving
zero-knowledge proofs, bridging the gap between blockchain benefits
and the expanding world of machine learning. 

BASED ROLLUP DESIGNâ€”SUPERPOWERS FROM L1 SEQUENCING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://ethresear.ch/t/based-rollups-superpowers-from-l1-sequencing/15016?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A recently proposed design, "Based" or "L1-sequenced" rollups are a
subset of rollups with sequencing driven by the base L1, inheriting
its liveness and decentralization. Advantages include liveness
guarantees, decentralization, simplicity, cost efficiency, L1 economic
alignment, and sovereignty. Disadvantages include no MEV income and
constrained sequencing. Based rollups can offer improved security,
decentralization, and alignment with the L1, potentially dominating
the rollup landscape and maximizing revenue. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ZK TECH TO TRUSTLESSLY VERIFY ML MODELS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ddkang/zkml?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Researchers developed a system using ZK-SNARKs (zero-knowledge
succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge) to trustlessly verify
machine learning model predictions. This enables ML-as-a-service
consumers to ensure models execute correctly. 

AN UPDATE ON THE TORNADO CASH LEGAL BATTLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1643704641493020672.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbaseâ€™s head of legal outlined some of the arguments from the
Tornado Cash case. Most of them are fairly obvious arguments that the
allegations seem to have a misunderstanding of. The gist is that the
smart contracts governing the protocol arenâ€™t owned by anyone and
canâ€™t be controlled by token holders or any other entity. 

NFT AIRLINE TICKETS ARE BEGINNING TO TAKE OFF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/nft-airline-tickets-revolutionize-travel?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Argentinian airline Flybondi is now offering NFT tickets, allowing
customers to change names or transfer tickets. The NFTicket technology
uses Algorand's blockchain and aims to become the industry standard. 

MUTINY WALLET: PRIVATE, UNSTOPPABLE BITCOIN PAYMENTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.mutinywallet.com/introducing-mutiny/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Mutiny Wallet is developing a user-friendly Bitcoin wallet with some
interesting features, such as coinjoins and synthetic dollars. The
team aims to create a daily spending wallet for both cypherpunk
Bitcoin users and newcomers, focusing on best practices and long-term
user experience. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8abad8a2-d43f-11ed-a734-e309109cde6f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680782418&t=1680782847&s=a81230fcfce4d3000067261bb26e32741b0ab236531b8470fd74fe03665e52e9].


Â 