# Articles TLDR Crypto 21-07-2023

An investors group is on the verge of buying cryptocurrency media firm
CoinDesk for around $125 million  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=23df9874-2797-11ee-981c-83a795f7cd61&pt=campaign&t=1689941029&s=ff11b882434aba8ac5c11844413ddd795e728d3c6dcec222c12e413fbac6a50c]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-21

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE TO FULLY SUNSET BITCOIN-BACKED LOAN PROGRAM FOR RETAIL
CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/240825/coinbase-borrow-bitcoin-loans-shut-retail?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Amidst regulatory concerns, Coinbase is terminating its Borrow program
for retail customers, officially sunsetting it on November 20. The
move comes after it disallowed new loans earlier in May. Borrow users
have until the end date to repay any remaining balances, and Coinbase
will sell any Bitcoin collateral needed to close the loans. This
decision is confined to retail customers and doesn't impact
institutional users or Coinbase Prime customers. The decision to scrap
the Borrow program happens amidst ongoing legal dispute between
Coinbase and the SEC. 

INVESTOR GROUP NEARS $125 MILLION DEAL FOR COINDESK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/naq8n?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

An investors group, headed by Matthew Roszak from Tally Capital and
Peter Vessenes from Capital6, is on the verge of buying cryptocurrency
media firm CoinDesk for around $125 million. The deal is in its final
stages. CoinDesk is owned by DCG, which has had a myriad of financial
issues this year. Since these issues began, DCG has been looking for
suitors to help remedy the situation. The parent company hired Lazard
back in January to begin exploring a sale. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

STARKNET LAUNCHING APPCHAINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Starknet/status/1681603967787122688?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Starknet is launching Appchains to provide applications with more
customization and performance capabilities. Appchains allow
applications to utilize Starknet’s technology while modifying it to
meet the application's unique needs. Starknet, known for its
scalability, will offer apps additional throughput and an enhanced
user experience. The benefits of Appchains also include
customizability, decentralization, and expressiveness, allowing for
unique features, blockchain parameters, and increased network
security. The underlying Cairo-powered Starknet Stack utilizes a
Rust-like and ergonomic language for more expressive smart contracts. 

SYNTHETIX LAUNCHES TELEPORTERS WITH CHAINLINK’S CCIP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.synthetix.io/synthetix-launches-teleporters-with-chainlinks-ccip/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Synthetix has integrated Chainlink's Cross-Chain Interoperability
Protocol into its v3 protocol, marking a groundbreaking use of
Chainlink CCIP. The upgrade allows for efficient and secure
cross-chain transfers of sUSD via the Synthetix Teleporter, initially
facilitating movements between Ethereum and Optimism. This development
opens a pathway for additional expansions to other EVM-compatible
chains. The integration establishes shared collateral across multiple
chains while keeping the total supply of sUSD constant. Synthetix is
also exploring the possibility of utilizing Chainlink CCIP for
cross-chain synthetic perpetual futures and staking pools, among other
uses. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

PUNK 6529 ON ENS NAMES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/punk6529/status/1681966237599793154?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In this Twitter thread, Punk 6529 breaks down how NFTs can be useful
beyond just being collectibles, specifically focusing on ENS. Many
NFTs to date have been purely collectible or experimental, but ENS
exhibits exceptional utility and real network effects. Many
applications integrate ENS as a standard practice and a vast number of
users have adopted ENS names as their identities, so a large network
effect has already been built out. Additionally, the names are a great
alternative to confusing blockchain addresses, akin to domain names
versus IP addresses. Many people will argue that you could use other
name spaces like .sol or .crypto, but .eth is basically a parallel to
.com in the 90s, so infrastructure should keep being built on top of
ENS. 

BREAKING DOWN THE TELEGRAM BOT TREND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Dynamo_Patrick/status/1681775105511243779?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Telegram trading bots have been all the rage over the past month or
so. These bots can automate all manner of on-chain transactions, such
as sniping DEX listings, tracking wallets, managing airdrops, and
bridging funds. They provide a simple interface on a platform that
many crypto users are already spending vast amounts of time on for
regular peer-to-peer communications, making them an ideal solution for
a number of core issues in crypto, like poor user interface. Protocols
like Maestro and Unibot are leading the market - Maestro is generating
over $140k in daily fees, and Unibot's token has surged over 100x in
just two months. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW COINBASE ALLOWS YOU TO EARN CONTINUOUS YIELD ON USDC (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/scottshapiro/status/1681653408175099904?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This Twitter thread breaks down how USDC on Coinbase's Advanced Trade
retains its ability to earn rewards, even when limit orders are placed
with the funds. Funds rest on the order book and are only filled once
the set limit – possibly lower than the current market price – is
reached. Even though these funds are inaccessible during that time,
users continue to earn rewards, provided they are eligible for USDC
incentives. Importantly, this only happens with USDC and not USD on
the platform. This novel feature is not yet available on any other
crypto platform or traditional finance products. 

CHAINLINK CO-FOUNDER WANTS TO BRING TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS INTO CRYPTO
FROM BANKS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/240714/chainlink-ceo-wants-to-bring-trillions-of-dollars-into-crypto-from-banks?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In an interview at EthCC, Chainlink's co-founder Sergey Nazarov
explained how he foresees banks adopting their own blockchains and
connecting them via Chainlink's newly launched CCIP protocol. Nazarov
suggests this could inject trillions of dollars into the crypto space.
As banks tokenize real-world assets, they are predicted to want their
own blockchain to maintain complete control. Chainlink's CCIP
infrastructure facilitates secure movement of assets between
blockchains and is currently being tested with crypto projects.
Nazarov expects banks to develop their own stablecoins operating
cross-chain via CCIP, once regulations allow for it. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

CYMBAL, THE HUMAN READABLE BLOCK EXPLORER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://efeng.medium.com/introducing-cymbal-the-human-readable-block-explorer-97f719742413?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Cymbal, a tech firm including team members from Meta, Microsoft, and
Hulu, is aiming to make blockchain data more understandable for
everyone with its newly launched human-readable block explorer. 

MEETING GENSLER’S DEMANDS — HOW ONE CRYPTO FIRM TOOK THE 'LONG
COMPLICATED ROUTE' TO REGISTER WITH THE SEC (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/regulation/how-a-crypto-firm-met-gensler-demands-to-register-with-sec/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article explains how Morgan Stanley-backed Securitize Inc.
navigated a complex three-year process to become one of the few crypto
companies registered with the SEC, a task others in the sector argue
is excessively challenging. 

UK GOVERNMENT REJECTS LAWMAKER PLAN TO REGULATE CRYPTO AS GAMBLING (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/07/20/uk-government-rejects-lawmaker-plan-to-regulate-crypto-as-gambling/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The UK government rejected proposals to regulate crypto like gambling,
arguing that existing plans to apply traditional financial rules
better address crypto-associated risks. 

SEQUOIA SHAKES UP VC TEAM, SHEDS TWO CRYPTO INVESTORS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/PR3cG?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Sequoia Capital, one of the most high profile VC firms, is
experiencing a significant leadership transition following the
departures of five key investors, including two of their crypto
investors. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=23df9874-2797-11ee-981c-83a795f7cd61&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689940826&t=1689941029&s=b7fc5e417e87ba9956dbea0fab589722ca6117015f7f2167d49285fabb7ae933].