# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-03-2023

On Monday, Dapper Labs reported it could no longer process ACH
payments due to its payment partner, Circle.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d370ce76-bd7e-11ed-b688-69c4de5288be&pt=campaign&t=1678280846&s=a68dba42856d9be2f6bcd5a485d35602b08127709b54f8c9091602a6c7c61627]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [1inch] [https://1inch.network/TLDR]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-08

FAST, VERSATILE, AND NON-CUSTODIAL — 1INCH IS THE DEFI WALLET
YOU’VE BEEN LOOKING FOR (SPONSOR) [https://1inch.network/TLDR] 

Need an easy-to-use crypto wallet with top-level security and a
sophisticated feature set?
1inch [https://1inch.network/TLDR] is fast, secure, and versatile.
Whatever operations with crypto assets you would like to perform on
your mobile device, 1inch offers you the most convenient way
[https://1inch.network/TLDR]:

	*
No crazy transaction fees.

	*
No shady middlemen.

	*
Flexible and fast transactions.

Get the 1inch Wallet for free [https://1inch.network/TLDR]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CIRCLE DROPPED AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE PAYMENTS: DAPPER LABS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/circle-dapper-labs-automated-clearing-house?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


On Monday, Dapper Labs reported it could no longer process ACH
payments due to its payment partner, Circle. Later, Dapper Labs
announced in its Discord that Circle had decided “effective
immediately” to stop processing ACH payments for all of its partner
companies. This decision leaves Dapper Labs and other companies using
Circle with one less on and off ramp solution for their customers,
forcing their customers to use wire transfer or USDC to withdraw from
the platform or credit cards, debit cards, and crypto to purchase
items on the platform. It’s unclear what might have caused Circle to
take this action, but it comes amidst a time of intense scrutiny on
stablecoins. 

GRAYSCALE PRODUCTS BUOYED FOLLOWING ORAL ARGUMENTS IN CASE AGAINST THE
SEC (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/217787/grayscale-products-buoyed-following-oral-arguments-in-case-against-the-sec?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Oral arguments in Grayscale's appeal against the SEC concluded today
and shares of GBTC and ETHE traded up around 5% and 6% respectively,
despite trading in broader crypto markets being flat, indicating the
markets saw the arguments as going in Grayscale's favor. Don Verrilli,
Grayscale's lead counsel, laid out his arguments as expected and
received questions from the judges. Emily Parise, SEC senior counsel,
faced early roadblocks as Judge Rao questioned the regulator's
argument. The SEC appeared "a bit rattled" as Judge Rao asked
questions regarding the relationship between bitcoin futures and the
spot price. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PENNSYLVANIA IS NOW HOME TO A 100% NUCLEAR-POWERED BITCOIN MINING
FACILITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://watcher.guru/news/pennsylvania-is-now-home-to-a-100-nuclear-powered-bitcoin-mining-facility?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


TeraWulf, an owner and operator of domestic Bitcoin mining facilities
powered by 91% zero-carbon energy, has announced the energization of
its Nautilus facility, a 100% nuclear-powered Bitcoin mining facility
located in the US. Powered by the 2.5GW Susquehanna nuclear generation
station, the facility has over 8,000 miners onboard and will run at
the lowest cost of $0.02/kWh for a term of five years. 

VIEM – A TYPESCRIPT INTERFACE FOR ETHEREUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632814443972395010.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Viem is a TypeScript Interface for Ethereum that provides low-level
stateless primitives to interact with Ethereum. Viem focuses on
stability, efficiency, and excellent developer experience. It provides
a great developer experience through modular and composable APIs,
comprehensive documentation, and automatic type safety and inference.
It boasts a small bundle size, optimized encoding/parsing algorithms,
and provides developers with the option to choose their opinions while
still maintaining secure defaults. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE INTEROPERABILITY THESIS: CONNECTING THE ARCHIPELAGO OF BLOCKCHAINS
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/rokcapital/the-interoperability-thesis-connecting-the-archipelago-of-blockchains-53be1522c886?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Throughout the last bull market, new L1s and L2s proliferated as
developers and users sought an alternative to the increasingly high
gas fees on Ethereum. We saw chains like Solana, Avalanche, BSC, and
others gain share due in part to their speed and fee advantages. This
led to a fragmentation of liquidity amongst chains and created a
cumbersome user experience moving from chain to chain. This UX drove
innovation in cross-chain messaging seeking better solutions for
interoperability. This article dives into some of these cross-chain
messaging techniques, their similarities and differences, and the
overall thesis for interoperability and connecting chains and their
liquidity. 

OVERCOMING COGNITIVE BIASES IN CRYPTO TRADING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1490765231248838661.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread presents 14 cognitive biases that can impact crypto
investors and explains how they work. The biases covered include FOMO,
Confirmation Bias, Sunk Cost Bias, Endowment Effect, Survivorship
Bias, Narrative Bias, and Authority Bias. The thread also provides
tips for avoiding these biases, including keeping a trading log,
creating a cognitive bias checklist, and understanding market caps. By
recognizing and avoiding cognitive biases, crypto investors can make
better investment decisions. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

CRYPTO STARTUPS, BEWARE THE 'DRY POWDER FALLACY' (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/217264/crypto-startups-beware-dry-powder-fallacy?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto venture funds raised more than $99 billion last year, seemingly
leading to an abundance of dry powder as top tier firms like Haun
Ventures, a16z and BlockTower have deployed less than 50% of their
multi-million or billion-dollar funds. However, veteran venture
capitalists are warning founders not to fall for "the dry powder
fallacy". Factors such as limited partner capital calls and changes in
valuations of paper wealth investments could reduce the overall
reserves. Ultimately, while dry powder is a directional indicator, it
is essential to understand that dry powder is not a static or absolute
measure, and it does not guarantee that funds must deploy this
“remaining” capital. 

LIKE A BLUR: TENSOR PLANS MASSIVE AIRDROP FOR SOLANA NFT TRADERS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/122926/blur-tensor-airdrop-solana-nft-traders?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tensor, a relatively small player in the Solana NFT marketplace wars,
is quickly gaining market share with a tactic taken from Blur's
playbook, offering rewards in proportion to trading activity on the
blockchain network and 'loyalty' rewards for using its marketplace. It
saw a surge in trading volume on Monday and announced that it had
raised a $3 million seed round. The platform is built around automated
market makers and offers a pro trader interface. It has launched a
second season airdrop that rewards trading activity on its platform
with a loyalty metric and points leaderboard to gamify the trading
experience. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

A BREAKDOWN ON FUNDING AND VALUATIONS OF ALMOST 1,000 EARLY-STAGE
CRYPTO DEALS ACROSS CATEGORIES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633139394319097857.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ascensive Assets, an early-stage crypto venture fund, has reviewed
almost 1,000 deals over the past 7 months and has provided a helpful
chart breaking down the proportions of total deals in each category,
average valuations, and median valuations. Infrastructure deals topped
the chart for highest average valuations and accounted for 18%+ of the
deals analyzed. 

MAKING "THE BLOCKCHAIN" THE NEXT PLACE YOU NEED TO BE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://darkstar.mirror.xyz/LH_C9Jy0WZqTwZiDHs6AT2czEJmmoN7SWVTLIHZMqJY?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


To cross the chasm and become inevitable, blockchain technology needs
to become the next understood notion, allowing people to buy and sell
goods in a way that was previously impossible. This article from TCG
compares where blockchain is in relation to past understood notions
such as getting “online”, the web, and the cloud. 

THE TROJAN HORSE OF DEFI: AN OPTIONS MARKET DISGUISING ITSELF AS A DEX
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1632736369297481728.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread details how Uniswap replicates a one-sided options market
in which liquidity providers sell volatility but are not compensated
for it, instead earning fees from the DEX. 

REAL WORLD ASSETS AS AN UPCOMING CRYPTO NARRATIVE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633111401832108032.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


RWAs are blockchain-based representations of real-world assets, such
as commodities, real estate, insurance, securities, and bonds, that
can be traded, transferred, used as collateral for loans, verified,
etc. This thread highlights some of the benefits of on-chain RWA
representation including innovation, liquid markets, reduced costs,
built-in compliance, increased efficiency, and increased transparency.


If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d370ce76-bd7e-11ed-b688-69c4de5288be&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678280435&t=1678280846&s=803cfe468cec6e8b5de0da7ed40194f051a75bf22c8f0f9fea94eb07c4a149e6].


 