# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-07-2023

BlackRocks CEO, Larry Fink, stated yesterday that Bitcoin is now
viewed as an "international assetÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2f74a672-1be2-11ee-8bd5-edde71dc2c15&pt=campaign&t=1688645032&s=f41e72de3fee55817d6dd2a14eb9778008043c4421ff6103676e5a109199b00c]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-06

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LARRY FINK SAYS 'CRYPTO IS DIGITIZING GOLD' AND THAT BLACKROCK'S
BITCOIN ETF COULD HELP MAKE THE SECTOR 'MORE DEMOCRATIZED (9 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/9ciNH?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

BlackRock's CEO, Larry Fink, stated yesterday that Bitcoin is now
viewed as an "international asset". The statement comes after the
asset management firm made moves to offer a spot Bitcoin ETF. Fink
also compared the role of Bitcoin to digital gold, offering an
alternative to physical gold investments as an inflation hedge.
Despite his initial skepticism, Fink asserted that BlackRock's aim is
to democratize crypto and provide cheaper options for investors. 

NUMBER OF CRYPTO M&A DEALS PLUMMETED IN Q2 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/crypto-ma-plummets?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In Q2, crypto M&A numbers fell, with intra-sector deals down 50%.
According to Architect Partners, there were only 32 transactions
during this period, a steep decline compared to the previous quarter's
high of 54. Total deal value also dropped to $370 million from
approximately $400 million last quarter. The analysis attributed this
dip to crypto companies becoming more selective in their business
choices. Laser Digitalâ€™s acquisition of Elysium Technology Group and
Ripple's purchase of Metaco were some of the big deals of the month. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BLUR V2 LAUNCHES WITH LOWER GAS FEES AND TRAIT BIDDING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1676634662339477504.html]

Blur v2 launched with two major feature rollouts: trades now consume
50% less gas due to optimizations and users can now place bids on
specific traits. As part of this update, Blur v1 bids are no longer
functional, meaning users will have to make the same bids through the
updated contract. Trait bidding is available for all collections and
specific ones can earn extra points. Other features previously
launched this season include lending, BNPL, mobile support,
notifications, and an optimized v2 marketplace. 

AXIOM LAUNCHES MAINNET ALPHA (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.axiom.xyz/blog/alpha?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Axiom, a solution giving developers enhanced access to on-chain data
on Ethereum, is now live. With this, developers can now request larger
amounts of data and compute power for their smart contracts. Using zk
proofs, Axiom aims to ensure data accuracy and trustworthiness,
enabling the creation of data-rich applications with the same level of
interaction as traditional web apps, but with the security of
Ethereum. Currently, developers can access block headers, account
details, and historic storage values through Axiomâ€™s platform, and
the company plans on providing access to transaction, receipt, and
consensus data in the near future. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SHARED VALIDITY SEQUENCING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.umbraresearch.xyz/writings/shared-validity-sequencing?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This write-up explains how Ethereum's scaling future may depend on
rollups, a shared sequencer architecture designed to improve atomic
cross-rollup interoperability. The current rollup solution faces
issues with centralized sequencers and a lack of effective solutions
for interoperability between optimistic rollups. Shared Validity
Sequencing is a decentralized model of sequencing, intended to allow
atomic bridging of tokens and enable cross-chain actions. In this
design, the technology can serve entire rollup ecosystems with unified
layers of native assets. Among the advantages, this solution promises
enhanced sovereignty for applications, flexible pricing for locks, and
immediate sharding possibilities. 

POTENTIAL INHERITANCE SETUP FOR HARDWARE WALLET (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/vazertuche/status/1675905986391949312?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This tweet discusses setting up a 2 of 2 multisig setup for increased
security using BIP85 on a Coldcard for bitcoin transactions. It
provides step-by-step instructions for creating a secure system that
incorporates the need for just one seed plate and pass phrase, two
hardware wallets, and no wallet files. The process incorporates a
geographic key distribution tactic to ward off potential offline theft
and offers suggestions for extending the setup for a 3 of 3 spread
over three locations. The tweet goes on to explain how you could
potentially use this setup for an inheritance. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FORMER FTX US CEOâ€™S NEW VENTURE IS SEEKING TO HARNESS AI FOR CRYPTO
TRADING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/07/05/former-ftx-us-ceos-new-venture-is-seeking-to-harness-ai-for-crypto-trading/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Brett Harrison, former FTX US CEO, founded a venture called Architect
earlier this year, aiming to simplify AI-based crypto trading. It has
closed a $5 million seed round from investors like Coinbase Ventures
and Anthony Scarmucci. Architect uses algorithms and AI interfaces
like OpenAI's API to help users create crypto trading strategies. The
platform, currently in beta mode for specific clients, allows traders
to establish these trading rules using natural language. Despite the
use of AI tools, Harrison emphasizes that the effectiveness of the
trading strategies still ultimately relies on the guiding team's
expertise. 

BRIDGING DATABASES - A WORLD OF DATABASES INTERCONNECTED BY BRIDGES
(18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cryptofrens.info/p/bridging-databases-part-2?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog explores the concept of blockchains and bridges in crypto
networks. It defines a blockchain as a data structure for categorizing
transactions, achieved via a consensus protocol for data validation.
The blog likens blockchain protocols to databases, with â€˜closedâ€™,
â€˜publicâ€™, or â€˜openâ€™ databases based on their access
permissions. It delves into the role of bridges in facilitating
communication between such databases, with overviews of
'Human-operated' and 'Light client' bridges. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

NFT CREATOR ROYALTY PAYMENTS HIT TWO-YEAR LOW (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/07/05/nft-creator-royalty-payments-hit-two-year-low-nansen/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

NFT royalty payments hit a two-year low in June, according to Nansen.
The rise of royalty-optional marketplaces like Blur and OpenSea with
its new policies coincided with creators' earnings decreasing
significantly. 

IS THE IRS CRACKING DOWN ON CRYPTO? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/is-the-irs-cracking-down-on-crypto?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The IRS is focusing on crypto tax evasion by attempting to provide
clearer guidelines and tracking crypto transactions more closely. 

COINBASE DIRECTOR FINDS LOST CRYPTO WORTH $320,000 FOR STRANGER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237996/coinbase-director-finds-lost-crypto-worth-320000-for-stranger?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase Product Director Conor Grogan found over $320,000 in
untouched Ethereum Classic funds for an individual unaware of their
existence. This find was part of Grogan's broader effort to locate
dormant ETC wallets stemming from the 2016 Ethereum blockchain fork. 

DID BLUR REALLY CRASH THE NFT MARKET? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/147427/did-blur-really-crash-nft-market?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In the wake of a precipitous decline in NFT prices, investors are
blaming Blur's incentivized trading model. Critics argue that Blur's
practices encourage rapid flipping and wash trading for rewards,
essentially turning NFTs into nothing more than "altcoins with
pictures." 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2f74a672-1be2-11ee-8bd5-edde71dc2c15&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688644821&t=1688645032&s=c2e7ed5c01b1a7c3af2992a3ee6ac095cd8fba3754b13569194a5693a1a2a7c4].