# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-11-2023

Circle and Japanese financial conglomerate SBI Holdings announced a
partnership to bring USDC to Japan  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Swirlds Labs] [5]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-11-27

 HOW STANDARD BANK, SHINHAN BANK, AND RIVIA ISSUED STABLECOINS ON
HEDERA (SPONSOR) [5] 

 Stablecoin Studio is an open-source SDK [5] that simplifies the
process of issuing stablecoins using Hedera network services.
“Stablecoin Studio was a game-changer for our successful stablecoin
remittance pilot [5] with SCB TechX and other financial institutions.
The toolkit has made it incredibly convenient to send low-cost
cross-border payments.” — Kim Bying Hee, Chief of Blockchain
Division, Shinhan Bank

Typescript SDK and CLI // Native tokens with customizable behavior //
Native KYC/AML // flags // Custody provider integration //
Proof-of-reserve for treasury // Rich ecosystem

Explore stablecoin creation in the React-based interactive sandbox [5]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 UK INVESTMENT FUNDS GET GREEN LIGHT FOR TOKENIZATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[6] 

 Investment funds can now officially tokenize their assets in the UK,
which officials hope will increase efficiency, transparency, and
competitiveness in the investment management sector. This move,
facilitated by the UK Treasury, Financial Conduct Authority, and
various investment managers, requires that funds meet specific
criteria for tokenization. 

 BLAST TVL HITS $390 MILLION, WITH NO PRODUCT (3 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Blur’s Blast L2 launched last week and has attracted approximately
$390 million into its contract - about $340 million in ether and $50
million in stablecoins. While it was marketed as an L2, for now,
it’s simply a bridge to a contract created by the team and secured
with a 3 of 5 multisig. To add to the uncertainty many in the space
have about it, it’s unclear if each of the five keys was created by
individual entities or people, and the deposited funds cannot be
withdrawn until February 2024. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 USDC IS COMING TO JAPAN (3 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Circle and Japanese financial conglomerate SBI Holdings announced a
partnership to bring USDC to Japan. The collaboration aims to expand
the use of Circle's USDC stablecoin and promote banking and web3
technologies. It leverages the regulatory clarity from Japan's new
stablecoin laws implemented in June. The strategic partnership will
also focus on fostering the growth of web3 apps, including tokens and
smart contracts in Japan's consumer market. 

 RAIN.FI: THE FIRST CUSTOM PEER-TO-PEER LOANS FOR DEFI ON SOLANA (1
MINUTE READ) [9] 

 Rain.fi, a DeFi platform, has announced custom Peer-to-Peer loans on
Solana, offering a variety of user-set parameters such as Custom LTV,
APYs, and durations. Users can create loans in multiple tokens with
one base currency and protect against token volatility. The platform
also has an incentive for early repayment and plans to launch the
service with select tokens like USDC and Solana. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 VERKLE TREES EXPLAINED (15 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This article provides a comprehensive explanation of Verkle trees, an
improvement over Merkle tree structures. Verkle trees, which employ
vector commitments, are more efficient regarding proofs and bandwidth
costs, making them key in scaling blockchain communication. The
article also discusses the construction of Verkle trees and how to
commit changes to the tree and explores Verkle tree membership proofs
and batch proofs. 

 BUILDERS AND TRIBES (5 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This post discusses tribalism in the crypto industry and how builders
can navigate and leverage tribalism when developing their
applications. Some of the strategies mentioned in the article are
diversifying one's understanding of different crypto tribes,
challenging the norms within your community, and thinking like a
"multi-armed bandit," balancing exploration and exploitation. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 TOWARDS AN INTENT-CENTRIC TOPOLOGY (28 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This blog post explores the concept of "intents" in distributed
systems, particularly as they relate to blockchains. The blog
highlights potential issues such as order flow, trust, and opacity and
emphasizes the ability of intent-based solutions to flip supply-side
blockchain economics on its head. It suggests that the
decentralization of protocols, security models, histories, and
communities enabled by intents is the future of blockchain systems. 

 BLOCKCHAINS: UNLOCKING A PRIVACY LAYER FOR AI (21 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 AI's rise, specifically LLMs, offers advantages across various fields
but raises concerns around privacy and security as they interact with
extensive personal and sensitive data. Integrating blockchain
technology into AI could create a secure framework that preserves data
ownership and privacy. This article explores multi-party computation
in transformers, a method that combines AI and privacy. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 KYBER EXPLOIT DEEP DIVE (7 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 This thread provides a detailed breakdown of the complex Kyber smart
contract exploit, detailing its unique manipulation of concentrated
liquidity and an ‘infinite money glitch’ due to a technical
oversight. 

 BITCOIN SENDER OVERPAYS RECORD-BREAKING $3 MILLION TRANSACTION FEE (2
MINUTE READ) [15] 

 A Bitcoin sender accidentally paid $3 million in fees for a
transaction worth $2 million, marking the highest fee in Bitcoin
history. 

 THE BOND VILLAIN COMPLIANCE STRATEGY (21 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 This detailed analysis walks through how the unique nature of the
crypto industry being both nowhere and everywhere played a part in
Binance’s involvement with money laundering and other alleged
unlawful activities. 

 RWA VS NWA (12 MINUTE READ) [17] 

 This post explores the evolving perception of digital assets like
tokens, likening their cultural impact and potential to historical
shifts in industries such as fashion and technology, emphasizing the
shift from physical to digital value. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=514f0072-8d10-11ee-b52d-d3404d762942&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1701090206&amp;s=3af3569089c0e6f94ee27b7203b58360f8271cfc05190ef9b855c2d4554371cb
[5] https://hedera.com/stablecoin-studio-on-hedera?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsleter&amp;utm_campaign=stablecoin-studio&amp;utm_content=20231127
[6] https://www.theblock.co/post/264603/uk-investment-funds-get-green-light-for-tokenization?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blockworks.co/news/blast-tvl-ethereum?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/jerallaire/status/1728984711140159535?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://twitter.com/RainFi_/status/1727402953936658478?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://research.polytope.technology/verkle-trees?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://ls.mirror.xyz/DwVK_4BzH809zF9eQrokkTWfMSZd3PwOuKukJ7nvLuU?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://anoma.net/blog/towards-an-intent-centric-topology?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://crypto.mirror.xyz/V5vyTvWLv_d0kBWpQYBBy2eQxBQSPKeWM5uYFNn6anc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://twitter.com/0xdoug/status/1727615177766387853?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://decrypt.co/207263/bitcoin-sender-overpays-record-breaking-3-million-transaction-fee?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://www.bitsaboutmoney.com/archive/bond-villain-compliance-strategy/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://zeeprime.capital/rwa-vs-nwa?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=514f0072-8d10-11ee-b52d-d3404d762942&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1701090027&amp;t=1701090206&amp;s=cea9ef1bb58287f6c0cfb5f114fac96cb881c60c5494069da5db95b591d72148