# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-09-2023

Global crypto exchange Binance has been plagued by departures of
senior executives and has been forced to make massive layoffs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4f341fa2-5d1d-11ee-9331-f581c122869c&pt=campaign&t=1695816255&s=9e64e238be68ae077fe4efc738fa55608800628b5b8f082e4db5762945df671c]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-27

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

STABLECOIN ISSUERS RISK DISRUPTING FUNDING MARKETS, JPMORGAN SAYS (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/2cWmh?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

According to JPMorgan, the rise of stablecoin issuers in short-term
funding markets may disrupt the sector, following the Federal
Reserve's decision to limit access to the reverse repo facility. This
could lead to stablecoins competing with the multitrillion-dollar
money-market fund industry for assets, like Treasury bills,
potentially driving rates down. The bank cautioned this could expose
the traditional financial system to the instability found in the
crypto space. 

THE WORLD‚ÄôS BIGGEST CRYPTO FIRM IS MELTING DOWN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/yvkGP?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This WSJ article details the woes that Binance has been facing over
the past year. Amidst US enforcement threats from the DOJ and the SEC,
global crypto exchange Binance has been plagued by departures of
senior executives and has been forced to make massive layoffs - 1,500
employees in total. Its market share has dropped from 70% at the start
of the year to 50% now. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PARADIGM LAUNCHES POLICY LAB IN MOVE TO ADVANCE CRYPTO ADVOCACY (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/252862/paradigm-launches-policy-lab-in-move-to-advance-crypto-advocacy?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto venture firm Paradigm has launched a Policy Lab aimed at
keeping legislators updated on the crypto industry's policy issues.
The lab, a first in the sector, will publish research, commentary, and
advocacy reports. The main aim of the lab is to act as an advocate in
the space, something that is severely lacking and could help shape
positive policy shifts. 

MONEYGRAM UNVEILS NON-CUSTODIAL WALLET TO BRIDGE THE WORLDS OF CRYPTO
AND FIAT CURRENCY WITH USDC (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/UX91E?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MoneyGram, the worldwide payments platform, is launching a
non-custodial wallet to enable users to transfer funds between fiat
currency and the popular stablecoin USDC. MoneyGram worked with the
Stellar blockchain to develop and power its wallet. This move forms
part of MoneyGram's digital transformation strategy, aiming to
redefine the protocols of fiat currency transfers. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

1KX ü§ù CONSUMER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/1kx.eth/J3BBym-5r0Ooonpjm5I-9dU8IHxvgCn6HlgOEZtHGX0?1kx?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

1kx, a company traditionally focused on infrastructure investing, has
reportedly directed its attention towards consumer investing over the
past 2 years, completing over 30 investments in areas like virtual
worlds, games, and social payments. This post details the areas in
which they‚Äôve focused and invested and provides an interesting look
into the visions these crypto-native VCs have for the space. 

FAIR TRADE: LAUNCH ERC-20 TOKENS WITH UNISWAP V4 (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/batoulalkarim/copy-trade-nyc-mb?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Fair Trade is a new Uniswap V4 pool designed to launch tokens with
security assurances for traders and future token holders. Projects can
safely raise ETH, distribute tokens, and pool liquidity using Uniswap
V4 hooks. The system provides an alternative to traditional
fundraising methods, allowing project funds to be fully trackable
on-chain. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FED ON TOKENIZATION: OVERVIEW AND FINANCIAL STABILITY IMPLICATIONS
(20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/feds/files/2023060pap.pdf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this paper, the Fed outlines the rapidly growing financial
innovation of tokenization in crypto asset markets, discussing
potential benefits and financial stability implications. The report
highlights how tokenization, the process of linking reference assets
to crypto tokens, can potentially provide greater access to markets
that are otherwise difficult to enter, facilitate lending via token
collateral, and improve market liquidity and price discovery. 

PUDGY PENGUINS WADDLE THEIR WAY INTO 2,000 WALMART LOCATIONS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/pudgy-penguins-walmart-debut?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Pudgy Penguins has announced the roll-out of its NFT-based toys in
around 2,000 Walmart stores across the US following a successful debut
on Amazon. The move signals increasing recognition of NFTs from
traditional consumer brands and marketplaces. This strategy is a
unique approach attempting to build a globally recognizable set of IPs
on the back of an NFT-first brand. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

US HOUSE LAWMAKERS PUSH SEC‚ÄôS GENSLER TO APPROVE SPOT BITCOIN ETF
‚ÄòIMMEDIATELY‚Äô (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/26/us-house-lawmakers-push-secs-gensler-to-approve-spot-bitcoin-etf-immediately/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In light of Grayscale‚Äôs convincing win in its battle against the SEC
over ETF applications, 4 US Congress members are now urging Gary
Gensler to approve the listing of spot bitcoin ETFs immediately. 

HIGH-FREQUENCY TRADING AND THE DESIGN OF FINANCIAL MARKETS WITH ERIC
BUDISH | A16Z CRYPTO RESEARCH (1 HOUR VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwQjTedWSUM?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this video from a16z, Eric Budish of the University of Chicago
presents on high-frequency trading, critiquing continuous limit order
book designs and proposing frequent batch auctions. 

CHASE U.K. TO BLOCK CRYPTO PAYMENTS CITING FRAUD, SCAMS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/26/chase-uk-to-block-crypto-payments-citing-fraud-scams/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Chase is prohibiting crypto-linked transfers for U.K. clients starting
on Oct. 16, citing concerns over increasing crypto scams. 

TELEGRAM STARTS TO LOOK LIKE A SUPER APP, ECHOING WECHAT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/telegram-wechat-super-app-ton-foundation/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Telegram is evolving towards a super app model similar to WeChat,
integrating mini-apps and decentralization. Partnerships with the TON
Foundation and Tencent Cloud seem to be geared toward expanding this
ecosystem globally. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4f341fa2-5d1d-11ee-9331-f581c122869c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695816036&t=1695816255&s=41482389c5d06e2532af64d8d2554f2a0ff99875e2ea1ac721306b0abb58295d].