# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-05-2024

Binance has secured approval to re-enter India from the country's
Financial Intelligence Unit. It was banned from operating in India
earlier this year  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-05-13

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 BINANCE GETS APPROVAL FOR INDIA RETURN (2 MINUTE READ) [4] 

 Binance has secured approval to re-enter India from the country's
Financial Intelligence Unit. Both Binance and KuCoin were banned from
operating in India earlier this year due to non-compliance issues. The
two exchanges are two of the first off-shore exchanges to re-enter the
Indian market. 

 KRAKEN FIRED BACK AT THE SEC WITH ITS FINAL BRIEF IN THE MOTION TO
DISMISS THE SEC'S COMPLAINT (1 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Kraken has responded to the SEC's complaint with a final brief
arguing for dismissal, criticizing the SEC for failing to define a
specific investment contract trading on the platform and instead
citing vague investment-like "expectations" and "concepts." The
exchange insists on the necessity of a concrete contract for an
investment contract, challenging the SEC's broader interpretations and
advocating for clearer regulatory frameworks. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 FULLDAS: TOWARDS MASSIVE SCALABILITY WITH 32MB BLOCKS AND BEYOND (29
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Ethereum's original danksharding plan required 32MB blocks, which is
not possible with the current network stack. Data availability
sampling can be broken up into its core components, creating an
efficient mechanism for making data available and having nodes use
sampling to efficiently check this data. LiteDAS is proposed as a
low-latency, bandwidth-efficient sampling protocol. Improvements are
still needed for connecting peers for data dispersal and sampling. 

 EXPLORING CONSENSUS WITH PARALLEL PROPOSALS: THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
PBFT AND BBCA-CHAIN (15 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 PBFT and BBCA-Chain are Byzantine Fault Tolerant consensus protocols
that share similarities in their three-phase flow but differ in how
they handle view changes and achieve parallelism. BBCA-Chain places
consensus inside a DAG, allowing for parallel block transmission and
reduced communication complexity compared to PBFT, which relies on a
single leader to propose blocks sequentially. BBCA-Chain is most
similar to Bullshark, which is used in Aleo. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 MEMECOINS > GOVERNANCE TOKENS (9 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Governance tokens are essentially memecoins as they do not have
revenue sharing and are not effective at community-oriented
decision-making. Since they launch at massive VC-backed valuations,
they prevent retail investors from getting a fair acquisition price.
Memecoins are evolving into their own asset class, facilitating
capital coordination and early community formation, before later
becoming the backbone for decentralized protocols. Though VCs deserve
profit for the risks they take, the investment process should be more
transparent and open. 

 MASTERING THE FINAL BOSS IN BLOCKCHAIN SCALABILITY: STATE GROWTH (9
MINUTE READ) [9] 

 There are three main components to blockchain bottlenecks –
execution, which is solved via parallel processing and faster VMs,
data, which has been remedied through EIP-4844, and DA layers like
Celestia, and state. Ethereum's state growth, the amount of data
needed to be stored by nodes, leads to bloat and slower transaction
times, and rollups do not solve the problem. Fuel's approach is to
leverage the UTXO transaction model and state minimized techniques to
add more capability to Ethereum rollups. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 PENDLE INVESTMENT THESIS (35 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Interest derivatives market Pendle has grown exponentially by
capturing tokenized yield from LSTs and LRTs, and becoming a go-to
protocol for speculating on points. It dominates the yield swap
market, which is expected to grow with more integrations and products.
Pendle V3, expected to launch later this year, will introduce
intents-based execution and a native cross-margin engine – part of
the reason Pendle's value is expected to increase by over 10x by the
end of 2027. 

 NOTES ON CONSUMER CRYPTO (7 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 Context, a product studio, recently saw its NFT aggregator, mint.fun,
acquired by Zora. Since then, it has launched a new project, rug.fun,
aimed at changing memecoin engagement. Context wants to create
innovative experiences that capture more centralized engagement within
the memecoin space and broader crypto landscape. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 ALL MEDIA ONCHAIN: CRYPTO AS PORT OF ENTRY (2 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Onchain media's value is its power to be both abundant and valuable,
with provenance for creators and programmability for developers. 

 BITCOIN VOLATILITY LESS THAN TESLA YOY (1 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Bitcoin's annual volatility, resembling gold in its early stages, is
now lower than that of several large-cap tech stocks (Meta, Nvidia,
and Tesla), marking a significant shift towards its maturation as a
stable asset class. 

 ETHEREUM ECOSYSTEM VALUE PROP (1 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 This post articulates why the low gas cost on Ethereum L1 and the
increasing number of transactions on Ethereum L2s is a good sign for
the Ethereum ecosystem. 

 THREE WEEKS AFTER ITS BLOCKBUSTER LAUNCH, RUNES FACES DECLINING
ACTIVITY (2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Bitcoin's Runes protocol, released in the same block as the halving,
generated $135 million in fees in its first week but has now dropped
to below $10 million per week. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [16]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Esham Macauley, Lincoln Murr & Nish Samarasinghe 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please unsubscribe [17]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0350afe8-110d-11ef-a1b4-5da4508a75c7&pt=campaign&t=1715601782&s=2f09fa1ecea73e4f508db7dc6595cc3ea475a6bca7fbed8e027b96000b1517a6
[4] https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-gets-fiu-approval-india-return?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[5] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1788944762608754731.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1789326210981335145.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blog.chain.link/exploring-consensus-with-parallel-proposals/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://bit.ly/4b9Tgbc
[9] https://bit.ly/4anQZYB
[10] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1788948603685539934.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://bit.ly/3UZpXTf
[12] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1788568132627349937.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1789490845739110849.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1788927102605050065.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://www.theblock.co/post/293921/three-weeks-after-its-blockbuster-launch-runes-faces-declining-activity?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[17] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0350afe8-110d-11ef-a1b4-5da4508a75c7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1715601619&t=1715601782&s=b37ed1101a0d0ea1f61c942d07be95376284b1f469b5b733e91892ab0c57fddd