# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-04-2023

Coinbase is suing the SEC to force a response to its petition
requesting a rule specific to digital assets.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f27b567e-e33a-11ed-b57c-95439ba84270&pt=campaign&t=1682424510&s=078f9d1dd5a909294b7ba010cca8f806ef1990a169676b52ebf9603ce3f3ce95]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-25

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE SUES THE SEC FOR ANSWER ON RULE SPECIFIC TO DIGITAL ASSETS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228047/coinbase-sues-the-sec-for-answer-on-rule-specific-to-digital-assets?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase is suing the SEC to force a response to its petition
requesting a rule specific to digital assets. Although the SEC has
reopened custody and exchange rules to explicitly include digital
assets, it has not engaged in drafting a rule specific to them.
Coinbase's suit is a writ of mandamus, which can force federal
officials to act under exceptional circumstances. The company is also
involved in legal battles with the U.S. Treasury Department and faces
an SEC investigation itself. 

REPUBLICANS MOVE TO TAKE REGULATORY POWER OVER STABLECOINS FROM
GENSLER, SEC (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228020/republicans-want-to-move-payment-stablecoins-out-of-the-secs-power?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


House Republicans have proposed new draft stablecoin legislation that
aims to shift authority over payment stablecoins from the SEC to
federal and state bank and credit union regulators. Prompted by other
proposed stablecoin regulation and the SEC's investigation into BUSD,
a stablecoin by Paxos and Binance. This bill would not include purview
over algorithmic stablecoins or require a CBDC feasibility study,
focusing instead on stablecoins used for payments. The proposal seeks
to limit the SEC's role in stablecoin regulation, as the agency has
faced increasing criticism from both inside and outside the government
for its approach to digital assets as a whole. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BINANCE INTRODUCES WRAPPED BEACON ETH (WBETH) ON ETH STAKING (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-introduces-wrapped-beacon-eth-wbeth-on-eth-staking-a1197f34d832445db41654ad01f56b4d?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In light of ETHâ€™s Shapella upgrade, Binance is rebranding its ETH
2.0 Staking product to ETH Staking and introducing a new liquid
staking token, Wrapped Beacon ETH (WBETH), starting April 27. Since
WBETH is a liquid staking token, it allows users to participate in
DeFi projects outside Binance while still receiving ETH Staking
rewards. Users can wrap and unwrap their BETH tokens to WBETH with no
fees, with the initial conversion rate being 1:1. WBETH offers more
flexibility and access to DeFi protocols, and it will initially be
supported on BNB Smart Chain and Ethereum. 

CASHMERELABS TESTNET 1.0 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://cashmerelabs.medium.com/cashmerelabs-testnet-1-0-2c11e23f36?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


CashmereLabs has launched its testnet, another step in the process of
enabling MEV-protected cross-chain swaps for decentralized liquidity.
Deployed across 11 different chains, CashmereLabs aims to provide the
optimal experience and a seamless onboarding experience for a wide
array of users. The protocol safeguards users against front-run and
MEV attacks while recommending the most profitable swap routes.
CashmereLabs leverages Layerzeroâ€™s protocol to facilitate swaps and
is working with Galxe, Layer3, and Zealy platforms to develop engaging
quests for users, helping them better understand the application and
its features. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SMART CONTRACT FIESTA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zellic.io/blog/announcing-smart-contract-fiesta?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Smart Contract Fiesta is an open-source dataset containing 175 million
lines of Ethereum smart contract source code from 150,000 unique
contracts. Created to address the lack of comprehensive datasets, it
aims to support research, improve existing tools, and promote web3
principles. With over 10% of Ethereum smart contracts verified, the
dataset offers insights into code patterns and encourages exploration.
In and of itself, the dataset is useful for identifying patterns in
code, such as common variables or blocks of code. With the rise of
LLMs as of late, you could also use this dataset to feed and train an
LLM to specifically answer questions about Ethereum smart contracts. 

OPTIMISM-RS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/refcell/optimism-rs?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Optimism is an L2 meant to scale Ethereum and one that aims to create
a sustainable funding stream for public goods and infrastructure. The
original open-source implementation was developed in Go and Solidity.
The ambitious alternative implementation in this repo is primarily
written in Rust and Huff and is being proposed for efficiency. This
repo is a combination of other repos joined with submodules. Builders
can contribute to this or make comments in the Optimism discord or
governance forum. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

POLYGON, CARDANO AND SOLANA NFT SALES RISE AS ETHEREUM NFT SALES SLUMP
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/04/24/polygon-cardano-and-solana-nft-sales-rise-as-ethereum-nft-sales-slump?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum remains the top chain for NFT activity, but other blockchains
like Cardano, Solana, and Polygon have recently gained on ETH in terms
of NFT volume. Cardano briefly passed Polygon as the fourth-highest
chain by NFT volume but later slid back to sixth. Solana's sales
volume has grown by 129% over the past seven days, driven by the
release of Mad Lads. Meanwhile, Ethereum's NFT sales volume has
dropped by 12% in the same period, with the overall NFT market cooling
amid a prolonged crypto winter. 

TOKENOLOGY: MOVING BEYOND â€˜TOKENOMICSâ€™ (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/content/article/beyond-tokenomics-tokenology/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This brief article from a16z describes a new concept - Tokenology.
Tokens are internet-native units of value that represent not just
monetary value but social, reputational, and other forms of value.
They are multidimensional and can signify ownership, membership, and
identity. Tokens give rise to a rich design space, and their potential
goes beyond economic use cases. To create a better framework for the
wide array of applications made possible through tokens, the term
"Tokenology" is proposed to encompass the study of coordinating
people, organizations, and computation towards a common goal using
cryptography and mechanism design. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

NORMIES DONâ€™T 'ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT DECENTRALIZATION': ARTHUR HAYES
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/137619/average-person-doesnt-care-about-decentralization-centralization-arthur-hayes?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Arthur Hayes, former CEO of BitMEX, claims that the average person
doesn't care about decentralization in crypto and that centralized
entities provide a crucial middle-ground for users. He believes that
factors like inflation and financial crises will be more likely
motivations for the adoption of crypto. 

RUSSIA TO WORK WITH DIGITAL CURRENCIES OF OTHER NATIONS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.bitcoin.com/russia-to-work-with-digital-currencies-of-other-nations/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Bank of Russia is developing its digital ruble platform to operate
with other state-issued digital currencies. Various models for
interaction between the digital ruble and other CBDCs are being
considered, including two-way integration or an international digital
platform. 

DAOS AND BORGS â€” WHATâ€™S THE DIFFERENCE, AND WHO CARES? (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/daos-borgs-difference?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Delphi Labs is proposing a concept called Cybernetic Organizations
(BORGs) to complement DAOs and address their shortcomings. BORGs would
arm state-chartered entities with autonomous software like smart
contracts and AI, and would not be designed for full transparency,
decentralization, or autonomy like DAOs. 

ETHEREUM AFTER SHAPELLA: DEVELOPERS MAKE PROGRESS ON CANCUN-DENEB
UPGRADE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/227746/ethereum-shapella-cancun-deneb?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum core developers are planning the Cancun-Deneb upgrade, which
will implement changes to improve the blockchain's scalability and
reduce transaction costs. The most significant change expected is
Ethereum Improvement Proposal 4844, or "proto-danksharding." 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f27b567e-e33a-11ed-b57c-95439ba84270&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682424051&t=1682424510&s=b8e38494b2e8048bc4454083441b2e4783433dff665b4e7ba6b4d667587115fd].


Â 