# Articles TLDR Crypto 19-10-2023

Fidelity is amending its Bitcoin Spot ETF application amid a race
among asset managers to be the first to introduce a Bitcoin ETF.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e6cd20a8-6e65-11ee-9344-37c9a917bc28&pt=campaign&t=1697717091&s=169a8fd6de2994c053010f7e8f5c90b4dc7b6c2d92ad543e10355af493434f55]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-19

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 BITCOIN ETF HOPES STAY ALIVE AS INVESTMENT GIANT FIDELITY REVISES BID
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/202182/bitcoin-etf-hopes-fidelity-sec?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Fidelity is amending its Bitcoin Spot ETF application amid a race
among asset managers to be the first to introduce a Bitcoin ETF.
Analysts are optimistic about the chances of a Bitcoin ETF getting
clearance, despite the long approval process. An ETF would offer
investors an easier route to Bitcoin exposure, possibly driving fresh
capital into the market. Other major industry participants, including
BlackRock, have also applied for a Bitcoin ETF. 

 FDIC LACKS â€˜CLEAR PROCEDURESâ€™ FOR CRYPTO-RELATED RISKS, REPORT
SAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/fdic-crypto-risk-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The FDICâ€™s Office of the Inspector General has recommended that the
FDIC develop a process for supervising cryptocurrency activities at
regulated institutions. The recommendation comes amid concerns that
the lack of clear procedures for institutions dealing with crypto
could pose risks. The report also noted some crypto companies have
misrepresented their funds as being FDIC-insured. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 TAPROOT ASSETS ON MAINNET: A NEW ERA FOR BITCOIN AND BEYOND (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://lightning.engineering/posts/2023-10-18-taproot-assets-v0.3/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Taproot Assets mainnet alpha has been launched, providing developers
with a platform to issue, manage, and explore stablecoins or other
assets on the bitcoin blockchain. This marks the start of a new era
for Bitcoin, enabling it to become a multi-asset network with forward
compatibility. This release is anticipated to bring about a new era
where numerous global currencies are issued as Taproot Assets,
enabling lightning-fast foreign exchange transactions. 

 COINBASE ADVANCED CUSTOMERS IN ELIGIBLE NON-US JURISDICTIONS CAN NOW
TRADE PERPETUAL FUTURES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/coinbase-advanced-customers-in-eligible-non-us-jurisdictions-can-now-trade?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Coinbase is now allowing customers in select non-US regions to trade
perpetual futures via its Coinbase Advanced platform for advanced
retail traders. Initially, these customers will have access to trade
four contracts: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ripple. The contracts
offer up to 5x leverage and are settled in a globally-trusted
stablecoin, USDC. This move by Coinbase aims to expand its market by
catering to the strong demand for crypto derivatives. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 ELECTRIC CAPITAL'S OCTOBER DEVELOPER UPDATE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/eherrerosj/status/1714674322999017577?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Electric Capital's October Developer Update found that active open
source developers in the crypto space decreased by 27% since last
year, with the exiting crowd mainly consisting of newcomers. Along
those same lines, fewer new developers are exploring crypto. Despite
those declines, active developer count has increased by 66% compared
to the last bear market. 

 THE LIGHTNING NETWORK GREW BY 1212% IN 2 YEARS (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.river.com/the-lightning-network-in-2023/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This report provides an overview of Lightning Network adoption over
the past two years. The report estimates a lower bound of 6.6 million
routed Lightning transactions in August 2023, a 1,212% increase from
the previous year. The volume routed on the Lightning Network also
increased by 546% during this period. The report suggests that the
primary use cases driving transaction growth are gaming, social media
tipping, and streaming. It also emphasizes the importance of exchange
adoption, technical upgrades, and non-Bitcoin businesses integrating
Lightning to further foster its growth. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 LEGAL EXPERTS SAY SBF IS IN DEEP TROUBLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://futurism.com/the-byte/legal-experts-sbf-deep-trouble?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The criminal trial of former FTX CEO Sam Bankman-Fried is entering
its third week with his chances of acquittal seeming slim. Witnesses,
including ex-colleagues and former CEO of Alameda Research, Caroline
Ellison, have provided damaging testimonies. The defense has struggled
against accusations of Bankman-Fried's alleged fraudulent activities.
A significant hurdle for the defense includes court rejections of
several proposed witnesses from the accused's side. 

 THE SECRET LIFE OF JIMMY ZHONG, WHO STOLE â€“ AND LOST â€“ MORE THAN
$3 BILLION (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/17/crypto911.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The mystery behind a substantial 2012 Bitcoin theft from the Silk
Road darkweb marketplace was cracked nearly a decade later due to a
critical mistake the thief made. This led to the largest-ever
cryptocurrency seizure and the capture of Georgia native, Jimmy Zhong.
The story begins with a 911 call reporting a break-in at his home and
ends with him being identified as the hacker. Zhong received a year in
federal prison after pleading guilty. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 KEEP TRACK OF UNISWAP LABS' NEW FEE REVENUE (DUNE DASHBOARD)
[https://dune.com/kroeger0x/uniswap-labs-fees?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 Uniswap Labs controversially started charging a 0.15% fee on
transactions. This dashboard helps you keep up with all-time revenue
generation, revenue over time, revenue by chain, and revenue by token.


 YUGA LABS' CEO ON THE COMPANYâ€™S STRUGGLES OVER THE PAST 6 MONTHS (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/dalegre/status/1714445450818838576?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In this thread, Yuga Labsâ€™ CEO acknowledges some of the key issues
the company has been facing and his candid thoughts about them. 

 JOSEON BLOCKCHAIN ECOSYSTEM INTRODUCES FIRST-EVER VIRTUAL
NATION-STATE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://u.today/joseon-blockchain-ecosystem-introduces-first-ever-virtual-nation-state?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Joseon launched a blockchain-based virtual nation-state, blending
historical Korean dynasty concepts with modern digital governance,
recognized by Antigua and Barbuda, introducing unique cryptocurrencies
and token sales. 

 THERE IS NO MENTION OF CRYPTO IN MARC ANDREESSEN'S TECHNO-OPTIMIST
ESSAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/there-is-no-mention-of-crypto-in-marc-andreessen-s-techno-optimist-essay?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Marc Andreessen's "The Techno-Optimist Manifesto" didnâ€™t mention
crypto despite a16z's significant investment in the space, sparking
curiosity about crypto's place in Andreessen's tech-driven vision. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e6cd20a8-6e65-11ee-9344-37c9a917bc28&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697716906&t=1697717091&s=357a2140eac94de4e4e06e2de676c716c1820a63ab58b573993687b1999759f9].