# Articles TLDR Crypto 07-02-2023

Binance is temporarily suspending US dollar bank transfers starting on
February 8.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=996077a6-a6d9-11ed-a0fa-19a908e559e7&pt=campaign&t=1675775216&s=77a936cb01ae16312cce1e67e94453c4c0d98f5daac0676897e9838a627b79a9]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-07

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO EXCHANGE BINANCE TO SUSPEND US DOLLAR DEPOSITS THIS WEEK (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/06/crypto-exchange-binance-to-suspend-us-dollar-deposits-this-week/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Binance is temporarily suspending US dollar bank transfers starting on
February 8. Only 0.01% of monthly active users use USD bank transfers.
All other methods of buying and selling crypto remain unaffected.
Binance.US is not affected by the suspension. 

BANKRUPT LENDER GENESIS AND PARENT DCG REACH INITIAL AGREEMENT WITH
MAIN CREDITORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/06/bankrupt-lender-genesis-and-parent-dcg-reach-initial-agreement-with-main-creditors-source/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


DCG and its bankrupt Genesis subsidiaries have come to an in-principle
agreement with their major creditors on a restructuring plan. The plan
involves the winding down of the Genesis loan book and the sale of
bankrupt Genesis entities. It also involves the refinancing of
outstanding loans where DCG borrowed from Genesis. The deal will now
be offered to other creditors, including customers of Gemini Earn. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AAVE CEO: NEW SECURITY UPGRADES 'SILO THE RISK AWAY' (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120667/aaves-latest-upgrade-takes-aim-at-security-new-levered-eth-bet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave launched V3 of its lending protocol earlier this month. The
upgrade focused on ensuring that risk management was as optimized as
possible for the community. It has an Isolation Mode that silos the
risk away for long-tailed assets, a portal feature that lets users
move assets across different markets and blockchains, and a
High-Efficiency Mode that lets users lend and borrow like-pegged
assets, such as staked Ethereum products. Aave V3 has already raked in
more than $143 million across the first seven assets listed. 

DIGITAL BANK REVOLUT TO OFFER CRYPTO STAKING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/06/digital-bank-revolut-to-offer-crypto-staking-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Revolut is rolling out a crypto staking service in the UK and European
Economic Area. It will initially support the staking of Polkadot,
Tezos, Cardano, and Ethereum tokens with variable yields ranging
between 2.99% to 11.65%. Revolut has been offering crypto services
since 2017. It added a feature in October allowing customers to spend
crypto on everyday purchases using a debit card. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW I CHANGED MY MIND ON THE DECENTRALIZED CASINO THESIS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mhonkasalo.substack.com/p/how-i-changed-my-mind-on-the-decentralized?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at various decentralized markets and their
go-to-market strategies. Some crypto analysts generally express deep
skepticism towards protocols structured as casinos. A casino refers to
protocols in which either token holders or another group take the
opposite side of each trade. Trading is a zero-sum game with a winner
and loser for each transaction. Providing liquidity using a passive
strategy is risky. If traders are successful or find an arbitrage, all
the protocol's LPs will lose. 

HOW BITCOIN ORDINALS CAN CHANGE THE FUTURE OF MINING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinmagazine.com/culture/bitcoin-ordinals-can-change-mining-revenue?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The largest single block and largest transaction in Bitcoin history,
made last week, involved a Bitcoin NFT. Bitcoin NFTs are made possible
by the NFT project Ordinals. Enabling NFTs on Bitcoin has divided the
community. The practice has also resurfaced the conversation around
miner extractable value on Bitcoin. This article discusses Bitcoin MEV
in the context of Ordinals' NFTs. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

'UNISWAP CONTROLLED BY A16Z?': CRYPTO TWITTER SPLIT OVER VC FIRM'S
GOVERNANCE MOVE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120653/uniswap-controlled-a16z-crypto-twitter-split-over-vc-firms-governance-move?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Uniswap is at the center of a controversial proposal to deploy its
trading protocol on the BNB Chain. Venture capital fund Andreessen
Horowitz (a16z) used all 15 million of its UNI tokens to oppose the
current proposal. The current proposal suggests using Wormhole as a
bridge. a16z would prefer to use LayerZero, a bridge protocol that
they back. The crypto community is divided over the move, with some
saying that a16z has too much control over Uniswap. The vote will
conclude on February 10. 

HOW SAM BANKMAN-FRIEDâ€™S PSYCHIATRIST BECAME A KEY PLAYER AT CRYPTO
EXCHANGE FTX (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/qxouH?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article looks at Dr. George Lerner and his role at FTX. Dr.
Lerner joined FTX in early 2022. The psychiatrist served as a coach
for stressed-out employees. While Dr. Lerner isn't accused of any
wrongdoing, he has been issued a subpoena for a broad assortment of
internal communications as part of FTX's efforts to recover its
assets. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

FTX ASKS POLITICIANS WHO RECEIVED BANKMAN-FRIED DONATIONS TO RETURN
MONEY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/05/ftx-asks-politicians-who-received-bankman-fried-donations-to-return-money/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


FTX is sending confidential letters to politicians and other political
beneficiaries of Sam Bankman-Fried, his deputies, and his companies,
requesting that they return the money by the end of the month. 

DEFI LENDER ALCHEMIX APPROVES ALCX TOKEN BUYBACK PLAN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/06/defi-lender-alchemix-approves-alcx-token-buyback-plan/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Alchemix will spend a third of its yield-farming revenue on buying
ALCX tokens. 

STARKWARE PARTNERING WITH CHAINLINK FOR STARKNET GROWTH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/06/starkware-partnering-with-chainlink-for-starknet-growth/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


StarkWare is joining Chainlinkâ€™s SCALE accelerator program in a deal
that will let StarkNet developers access Chainlink services and data
feeds for a lower cost. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=996077a6-a6d9-11ed-a0fa-19a908e559e7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675774842&t=1675775216&s=e754d934c2919a33cb3dacc146d945df6eada9d24d975b319a71595acc92082a].


Â 