# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-04-2024

The crypto venture capital landscape saw a significant uptick in Q1
2024, with $2.52 billion raised across the sector  

Sign Up [1]|Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-04-01

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 WHY Q1 INVESTMENTS WERE SO HOT AND HOW IT COMPARES TO PREVIOUS BULL
MARKETS (3 MINUTE READ) [4] 

 The crypto venture capital landscape saw a significant uptick in Q1
2024, with $2.52 billion raised across the sector. Competitiveness
among VCs has created a founder-friendly environment, leading to
higher valuations and more favorable terms for startups. While the
market is expected to remain bullish throughout 2024, regulatory
uncertainty and the absence of large deployers of capital from the
previous bull market may prevent funding levels from reaching the
heights seen in 2021 and 2022. 

 ANALYSIS OF RECENT EVENTS IN SEC V. COINBASE (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Head of Legal at the Blockchain Association, Marisa Coppel, shares
her insight into recent Coinbase case developments for the industry.
With the SEC’s claim that the Coinbase Wallet is an unregistered
broker being dismissed, developers can rest assured that peer-to-peer
technology does not fall under the oversight of the SEC. Though the
rest of the case still stands, this is not unexpected, as the court
must take all claims by the SEC as fact until the upcoming discovery
period. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 CRYPTO TRADER COBIE LAUNCHES BETA FOR ANGEL INVESTOR PLATFORM ECHO (1
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Crypto influencer Cobie has begun beta-testing Echo, his platform for
crypto angel investing. The company hopes to tackle the currently
fragmented market for startup investments and provide a marketplace
for qualified investors to make collective investments. The platform
is invite-only and subject to local restrictions around sophisticated
investors. 

 BITCOIN RUNES COMING TO MAGIC EDEN AFTER ORDINALS BET PAYS OFF (3
MINUTE READ) [7] 

 After seeing success with Bitcoin Ordinals trading, NFT marketplace
Magic Eden has announced that it will support Bitcoin’s Runes
fungible token standard upon its April 20th release. Ordinals trading
has helped Magic Eden capture a large portion of NFT trading volume,
taking 52% across all chains over the past 24 hours, with 69% coming
from Ordinals. Magic Eden currently has a Diamonds rewards program,
incentivizing traders to use the platform in anticipation of a future
token. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 OVERVIEW OF MODULAR VS MONOLITHIC BLOCKCHAINS (4 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Monolithic blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum integrate all
functions — execution, data availability, consensus, and settlement
— within a single chain, which offers simplicity and security but
struggles with scalability and flexibility. On the other hand, modular
blockchains distribute these functions across multiple layers or
components, allowing for a customizable and scalable system. This
architectural evolution aims to balance security, scalability, and
decentralization, offering solutions like Celestia for data
availability and the Fuel Network for independent modular protocols,
despite the complexity and potential interoperability issues that come
with modular designs. 

 WHAT ELSE COULD MEMECOINS BE? (7 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin provides his take on the current
state of the memecoin market, opining how memecoins can be
positive-sum and more than a tool for speculation. He argues for
integrating memecoins with a specific initiative or charity but notes
potential limitations with a simple partnership. His main point
centers on memecoins tied to fun, engaging games that leave
lower-income players better off while still being enjoyable for those
playing without monetary incentives – “World of Warcraft on the
blockchain.” Buterin concludes by expressing disdain for the racist
or derogatory memecoins but hopes that the positive ones could have a
significant societal impact. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 AN ARGUMENT AGAINST BITTENSOR’S $TAO (2 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Taproot Wizard’s Eric Wall explained why he believes the $10
billion protocol is significantly overvalued in a post that took
Crypto Twitter by storm this weekend. In the post, he expressed
frustration at the redundancy of the model computations and how they
are incentivized to give extremely similar results or otherwise not be
rewarded tokens. Wall also noted that the models have similar content
filters to ChatGPT and thus offer no benefits over centralized
solutions. 

 PUNK 6529 ON NATIONAL TAX POLICIES FOR CRYPTO ASSETS (3 MINUTE READ)
[11] 

 This thread presents a view on how to implement effective tax
policies for crypto assets with the goal of treating them fairly vs
other assets and making crypto holders’ lives easier. For example,
it describes giving crypto assets capital gains treatment, but
exceptions under $5,000 to avoid forcing taxpayers to track tiny
capital gains for gas spent on transactions. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 A PERSONAL RECOUNT OF THE SBF TRIAL (4 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 A story from the perspective of one of the twenty attendees in
SBF’s trial that covers anecdotes from the courtroom proceedings, in
particular the damning testimonial from Nishad Singh, the
third-largest FTX shareholder and the company's previous Director of
Engineering. 

 A DEEPER DIVE INTO THE NORTH KOREAN HACKERS WHO ATTACKED MUNCHABLES
(3 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 North Korean developers were hired by the Munchables team, leading to
a ~$63m hack - four developers who recommended each other and were
hired by Munchables appear to actually be the same person. 

 DN404 FORMALIZED INTO ETHEREUM ERC DRAFT (3 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 DN404, a recently created standard to bring liquidity to NFTs, has
been formalized into an Ethereum spec titled ERC-7631: Dual Nature
Token Pair. 

 FORMER JUMP TRADING EMPLOYEE TAKES THE STAND IN TERRAFORM LABS TRIAL
(2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Former Jump Trading employee James Hunsaker filed an SEC
whistleblower complaint against Jump before UST and Terra’s $40
billion collapse. 

Love TLDR and want free stuff? 🎁

 Share TLDR with your friends and get rewards when they subscribe.
Simply send them your referral link below! 

 https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6 [1] 

		 Earn a TLDR T-shirt 👕, slides 🩴, or even an autobiography
about your life! 🤯 [16] 

Want more TLDR?

 We also write newsletters for Tech, Web Dev, AI, Information
Security, Product Management, DevOps, Founders, Design, Marketing, and
more! 

SIGN UP NOW! [17] 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [18]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [19] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [20]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=70fe94ea-f008-11ee-a568-bdf7af9dfcbb&pt=campaign&t=1711973059&s=f500b10267b6558aff6f4ee4c831ee44bbfe71e81985746c764b727c02861f63
[4] https://techcrunch.com/2024/03/29/nine-crypto-vcs-weigh-in-on-why-q1-investments-were-so-hot-and-how-it-compares-to-the-previous-bull-market/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[5] https://twitter.com/MTCoppel/status/1773764124314398863?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.theblock.co/post/285756/crypto-vc-cobie-echo-beta?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://decrypt.co/224139/bitcoin-runes-magic-eden-after-ordinals-bet-pays-off?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://mirror.xyz/kocality.eth/7qt_KOyebVDMvFZAxbTFhVpK2e_HoXpv2ALaWM0FJdc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2024/03/29/memecoins.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/ercwl/status/1773796070012649569?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://twitter.com/punk6529/status/1773743265184960951?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://twitter.com/j0hnwang/status/1773491064906621305?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://twitter.com/0x2Joy/status/1773353778294481025?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://x.com/0xCygaar/status/1773774072070992033?s=20&utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/aosipovich/status/1773778256208019788?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://hub.sparklp.co/sub_ed15f5e392d5/6
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto/subscribed?email=blockchaincryptologue%40gmail.com
[18] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[19] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[20] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=70fe94ea-f008-11ee-a568-bdf7af9dfcbb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1711972823&t=1711973059&s=6f42f93a5baaab570311abb00f665fb79d1215aeb9e4dd420f7f1fe0fb31b6f9