# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-08-2023

Crypto venture firms a16z and Paradigm submitted a joint brief for
Coinbase,Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4fdff362-3a8c-11ee-b6cb-b14844edb7e7&pt=campaign&t=1692014637&s=2cd06a4564f3bb7607de499aeec66d79cd466e48adc9a004676c94dc2da3d5c8]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-14

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

INDUSTRY LEADERS, POLITICIANS, AND LEGAL SCHOLARS TEAM UP WITH
COINBASE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/milesjennings/status/1690074469924995072?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto venture firms a16z and Paradigm submitted a joint brief for
Coinbase, contesting the SECâ€™s regulatory authority over the crypto
industry as too broad. They argue for a dedicated, comprehensive
legislative framework for digital assets, negating the SEC's
inconsistent approach, to create a predictable environment for crypto
entrepreneurs. a16z and Paradigm stress that such regulations should
be crafted by Congress, not the SEC. These briefs were followed by one
from sitting Senator Lummis, an ardent bitcoin supporter, and 6
leading legal scholars from top-tier institutions. 

JUDGE REVOKES SAM BANKMAN-FRIEDâ€™S BAIL, JAILING FTX FOUNDER AHEAD OF
OCTOBER TRIAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sbf-bail-decision?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Sam Bankman-Fried's bail has been revoked due to suspicions of witness
tampering and other violations of his bail agreement. He will be
detained ahead of his October trial. The DOJ previously sought to
revoke his bail, claiming its conditions were insufficient. They
finally found grounds to jail him, and he will remain incarcerated
until his trial. The upcoming trial will include charges related to
money laundering, wire fraud, and political influence campaigns. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PAYING GAS FEES WITH VISA CARD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/digitalmustafa/status/1689741716084215809?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Visa released a paper outlining a solution that will allow users to
pay on-chain gas fees with their Visa cards rather than using native
tokens. The experimental solution, which utilizes paymasters and
leverages account abstraction, aims to create an alternate and
smoother onboarding experience for users when they donâ€™t have native
tokens available for gas - usually a requirement to initiate a
transaction. It has been successfully tested on Ethereum's Goerli
testnet, providing an initial proof-of-concept. 

INNOVATIVE APP FRIEND TECH LAUNCHES SHOWING US WHAT SOCIALFI COULD
LOOK LIKE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/yugacohler/status/1689972725052317697?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The latest sensation on Base is Friend.tech, a decentralized social
media app. Engineered by a crypto veteran, it has already generated a
buzz and surpassed OpenSea in total volume on its first day.
Friend.tech enables the tokenization of social media profiles, so
users can buy and sell shares of individual profiles. Token holders
have the ability to initiate private chats with the profiles.
Friend.tech has had some strong initial traction despite being in beta
and grappling with functionality issues due to overwhelming traffic. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW POLYGON ZKEVM PROVES BATCHES OF TRANSACTIONS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.jarrodwatts.com/how-polygon-zkevm-proves-batches-of-transactions?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article discusses how Polygon's zkEVM works. It details the
process of submitting transactions and executing them instantly and
describes how batches of transactions are encrypted and sent to
Ethereum L1. The blog analyzes the structure used to sequence the
transaction batches, states the three finality states a transaction
can go through, and elaborates on the process of aggregating sequenced
batches. It goes on to emphasize the benefits of the zkEVM approach,
which include low gas fees and quick transaction speeds. 

ROLLUPS ARE REAL â€” ROLLUP ECONOMICS 2.0 (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidecrapis.notion.site/Rollups-are-Real-Rollup-Economics-2-0-2516079f62a745b598133a101ba5a3de?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article discusses an updated framework for understanding rollup
economics in crypto. Changes in technology have given rise to
variations of rollups such as independent rollups, rollup cooperatives
and federations, Layer 3 systems, and more. The framework this article
discusses considers economic aspects like extraction and allocation of
MEV, fee management, operational costs, and overall resource
allocation. It aims to enhance understanding of this ecosystem's
direction and shape ongoing innovation and discussions. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ON CIRCLEâ€™S WEB3 SERVICES STRATEGY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jerallaire/status/1690027663950561280?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Circle recently launched its wallet-as-a-service product. The company
said this was the first product in what will become the Circle web3
services product line. In this thread, Circleâ€™s CEO lays out the
companyâ€™s strategy for its new services line, the thesis and
background behind it, and a vision for how it fits into the broader
crypto ecosystem. 

SEC COULD MAKE OR BREAK BITCOIN ETF DREAMS IN SEPTEMBER â€“ WHOâ€™S UP
NEXT? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sec-bitcoin-etf-september?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC has extended its decision period on the proposed Bitcoin ETF
by Ark Invest and 21Shares, with the next deadline set for early
September. Bitwise's proposal will be considered on September 1,
followed by decisions on other proposals from BlackRock, Fidelity,
Invesco, WisdomTree, and VanEck on September 2. The SEC has 240 days
to consider each application from its federal register publication
date. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

MAGIC EDEN UNVEILS BRC-20 API (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://docs.magiceden.io/reference/ordinals-overview?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Magic Eden released an API for BRC-20s that allows developers to
easily access and build on top of indexed Bitcoin data. 

MEMPOOL DUMPSTER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/flashbots/mempool-dumpster?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This tool, still a work in progress, collects and archives Ethereum
mempool transactions from execution layer nodes. It saves metadata in
Parquet format and raw transactions in CSV. It can process 2-4m
transactions daily. 

KRAKEN OUTPACES COINBASE AS MOST LIQUID US EXCHANGE FOR ALTCOINS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/244348/kraken-outpaces-coinbase-as-most-liquid-us-exchange-for-altcoins-kaiko?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Kraken has been gaining ground in the bear market. It now accounts for
50% of the market depth on altcoins and has risen to over 20% market
share in exchanges that accept USD deposits. 

AAVE DAO VOTES IN FAVOR OF ACQUIRING CRV TOKENS WITH USDT (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/aave-dao-buying-crv-with-usdt?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Aave DAO approved a proposal to acquire CRV tokens using USDT. The
move aims to support the DeFi ecosystem and Aave's stablecoin, GHO. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4fdff362-3a8c-11ee-b6cb-b14844edb7e7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692014419&t=1692014637&s=d528f9f42f6efb39809a60fed9f685014cba1dcc27153f1d623c31753e39a75d].