# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-09-2023

The SEC charged crypto-project Stoner Cats for conducting an
unregistered NFT offering that raised $8 millionÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5c8b5c28-52ba-11ee-9247-57620c357251&pt=campaign&t=1694693042&s=0366e4b55601969d3639c8d5756db5af4ff87661adfb878c11ac6dff9ec5d7a2]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-14

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC GOES AFTER STONER CATS NFT SHOW KNOWN FOR ASHTON KUTCHER AND JANE
FONDA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250820/sec-goes-after-stoner-cats-nft-show-known-for-ashton-kutcher-and-jane-fonda?utm_soruce=tldrcrypto]

The SEC charged crypto-project Stoner Cats for conducting an
unregistered NFT offering that raised $8 million. One of the arguments
the SEC used was that the entity promoted the potential for its NFTs'
prices to increase in the secondary market. Stoner Cats agreed to pay
a $1 million penalty and to destroy all NFTs in its possession but did
not have to admit that it was guilty of the charges. 

JUDGE ALLOWS BANKRUPT FTX TO SELL ITS CRYPTO HOLDINGS, INCLUDING BTC
AND SOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/13/judge-allows-bankrupt-ftx-to-sell-its-crypto-holdings-including-btc-and-sol/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Yesterday, FTX received approval from a US bankruptcy court to sell
and hedge its crypto holdings, valued at over $3.4 billion - $1.16
billion worth of solana and $560 million in bitcoin, and the rest in
other tokens. The court ruling permits FTX to use the funds raised in
this liquidation to repay its creditors. FTX claims that hedging its
assets will limit downside risk, while staking certain digital assets
will generate low-risk returns for creditors. FTX also requested to
hire Mike Novogratz from Galaxy Digital as an adviser in this process.


ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

TELEGRAM ADDS SELF-CUSTODIAL CRYPTO WALLET WORLDWIDE, EXCLUDING THE US
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/13/telegram-ton-crypto-wallet/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Telegram, in conjunction with the TON Foundation, announced the
introduction of a self-custodial crypto wallet named TON Space at
Singaporeâ€™s Token2049 crypto conference. The wallet, linked with the
Telegram Open Network blockchain, was developed by the Open Platform,
a company aligned with the TON ecosystem. The wallet offering follows
Telegram's three million-user-strong custodial wallet version.
Launching in November, TON Space expands Telegram's functionality and
freedom while excluding certain jurisdictions like the US. 

COINBASE CEO CALLS BITCOIN 'MOST IMPORTANT ASSET IN CRYPTO' AHEAD OF
LIGHTNING INTEGRATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinmagazine.com/markets/coinbase-ceo-calls-bitcoin-most-important-asset-crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong announced that the crypto exchange will
integrate the Bitcoin Lightning Network, enabling faster, cheaper
transactions. This signifies a shift for Armstrong, who was previously
opposed to this solution. Armstrong also acknowledged Bitcoin as the
"most important" digital asset, backing its position in the industry.
While the timeline for the integration is not yet clear, the decision
underscores Coinbase's focus on enhancing the Bitcoin experience for
users. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHY DECENTRALIZE SEQUENCERS? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.astria.org/why-decentralize-sequencers/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this article, Ethereum infrastructure company Astria emphasizes the
need for decentralized sequencers in rollup protocols over the
centralized ones used currently. Although centralized sequencers offer
faster transaction validations, they pose risks such as potential
invalid commitments and manipulation for the operators' own benefit.
To counter this, Astria suggests either a simple leader rotation
mechanism or a Byzantine Fault Tolerant consensus algorithm for rollup
decentralization, bringing more security and redundancy while avoiding
single-party dependency. 

THE 2023 GLOBAL CRYPTO ADOPTION INDEX (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/2023-global-crypto-adoption-index/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The fourth annual Chainalysis Global Crypto Adoption Index has been
released. The index measures grassroots crypto adoption in various
countries. It considers factors such as on-chain data and real-world
data to identify countries where average people are embracing
cryptocurrencies the most. The index evaluates each country's
cryptocurrency usage through centralized exchanges, retail
transactions, peer-to-peer exchanges, and DeFi protocols. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ARE WE THERE YET? (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.substack.com/p/are-we-there-yet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article analyzes the potential scenario of the Federal Reserve
continuing to raise rates instead of cutting them. It questions what
would happen if there was no recession, inflation didn't fall, and
there were no financial system breakdowns. The article also discusses
the concept of real yields and argues that they should match nominal
GDP growth. It examines the current state of real yields in the US and
discusses the implications for future growth. Despite uncertainties,
the current environment is bullish for cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. 

COLLECTING ENFORCEMENT ACTIONS: STATEMENT ON STONER CATS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.sec.gov/news/statement/peirce-uyeda-statement-stonercats-091323?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This statement from SEC commissioners presents dissenting views on a
recent NFT settlement against Sonter Cats spearheaded by Chair
Gensler. The application of securities laws to NFTs is criticized for
lacking clear guidelines and potentially stifling artistic creativity.
The release compares NFTs to physical collectibles and highlights the
importance of providing artists with clear guidance on how securities
laws apply to their work. The dissenting views argue that the
enforcement action against Stoner Cats inhibits artists from utilizing
NFTs to monetize their talents and engage their fan bases. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

REP. TOM EMMER SPONSORS AMENDMENT TO LIMIT SECâ€™S CRYPTO OVERSIGHT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/congressman-tom-emmer-seeks-amendment-to-limit-sec-crypto-oversight?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Rep. Tom Emmer sponsored an amendment restricting the SEC's digital
asset enforcement funding, criticizing Chair Gary Gensler's overreach.
Emmer emphasizes the need for regulatory clarity and supports other
crypto-related legislation. 

BINANCE.US CEO EXITS AMID SECOND ROUND OF STAFF CUTS POST-SEC LAWSUIT
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/binance-us-ceo-staff-cuts-sec-lawsuit?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance.US CEO Brian Shroder resigned three months after SEC charges
were levied against the firm. The firm announced a second round of
layoffs, totaling over 100 staff members. 

MOBILECOIN, WHICH POWERS SIGNALâ€™S ANONYMOUS CRYPTO PAYMENTS,
APPOINTS NEW CEO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/13/signal-mobilecoin-sara-drakeley/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MobileCoin, responsible for Signal's crypto payments, appointed Sara
Drakeley as CEO, aiming to enhance encrypted global money transfers. 

GOOGLE CLOUD STEPS UP AS ORACLE PROVIDER ON LAYERZERO NETWORK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250829/google-cloud-steps-up-as-oracle-provider-on-layerzero-network?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Google Cloud has become an oracle provider on the LayerZero network,
facilitating data transfer between chains. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5c8b5c28-52ba-11ee-9247-57620c357251&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694692828&t=1694693042&s=5a93e621613d3d1ed14eff34ef03c950de5a2a642a5192702f5d29854a6dc34b].