# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-10-2023

The SEC wont appeal the outcome of its court battle with GrayscaleÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d5e88a18-6c01-11ee-8409-cf9fdeb47c45&pt=campaign&t=1697457890&s=989c8b13e8147ff3bb95a87b74a3c2cc4efaebc9da31db7744a437239be6dcc1]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=hera,10-16-2023]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-16

 EVER DREAMED OF BEING A SUCCESSFUL EARLY-STAGE STARTUP INVESTOR?
(SPONSOR) [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=hera,10-16-2023] 

 You've seen the headlines:Â 

	* Amazon's $1.2 BILLION acquisition of RING.
	* Google's $3.2 BILLION purchase of NEST.

The smart home industry is entering a phase of consolidation, with a
wave of acquisitions that have led to MASSIVE RETURNS for early
smart-home investors.

But what if we told you there's an emerging player quietly making
waves in the booming smart shades market?

Meet RYSE [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=hera,10-16-2023]â€”
the up-and-coming company poised to disrupt the industry with patented
tech thatâ€™s launching in +100 BEST BUYS this week
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=hera,10-16-2023]!

RETAIL DISTRIBUTION was pivotal to the success of Ring and Nest and
RYSE is following in their footsteps.

Learn how you can become an early investor at just $1.25/share.
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=hera,10-16-2023]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 U.S. SEC DOES NOT PLAN TO APPEAL COURT DECISION ON GRAYSCALE BITCOIN
ETF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/13/us-sec-does-not-plan-to-appeal-court-decision-on-grayscale-bitcoin-etf-source-says.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The SEC won't appeal the outcome of its court battle with Grayscale.
This decision potentially clears the way for the SEC to review
Grayscale's application for a spot Bitcoin ETF. It will also likely
allow it to review applications from asset managers like BlackRock,
Fidelity, and Invesco, who also have pending applications for similar
products. 

 CALIFORNIA GOV. NEWSOM GREENLIGHTS CRYPTO REGULATION BILL FOR 2025 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/california-governor-digital-financial-assets-law?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 California has passed a crypto regulation bill, effective January
2025, requiring licenses for crypto companies. It covers stablecoins,
which must be bank-issued or licensed by California's Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, with their value determined by
GAAP. The bill attempts to name the SEC and the CFTC as regulators for
crypto, potentially setting a precedent for crypto regulation in the
US. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 KYC HOOK FOR UNISWAP V4 STIRS COMMUNITY CONTROVERSY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/kyc-hook-uniswap-v4-stirs-community-controversy?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 A controversial new "hook" has been introduced on Uniswap V4 that
allows for KYC checks before trading on a pool. Critics argue this
could lead to cumbersome rules for DeFi protocols forcing them to be
whitelisted by regulators, while supporters see it as a necessary tool
for projects needing to comply with regulatory requirements in certain
locations. 

 UNISWAP-BASED â€˜PERPETUAL OPTIONSâ€™ PROTOCOL TESTS LIQUIDITY WATERS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/liquidity-perpetual-options-trading-uniswap?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Crypto trading firm Panoptic has launched a beta version of its
platform for trading perpetual options on any asset listed on Uniswap
v3. The aim of this is to build on the popularity of perpetual futures
by applying it to options. Despite challenges in complexity and
declining DEX volumes, Panoptic sees potential in serving Uniswap
liquidity providers. 

ðŸ’» 

GUIDES & RESOURCES

 CHALLENGES AND CONCERNS SURROUNDING THE TOKENIZATION OF RWAS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/lex_node/status/1713042491409048002?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This thread lays out criticisms on tokenizing real-world assets.
Arguing that tokenization of physical properties (real estate titles
in particular) is virtually impossible without government support. A
legitimate form of RWA tokenization could be tokenizing
receipts/certificates, like LLC membership interests. The thread
reiterates that any RWA documentation should always be fully public,
urging clarity and understanding in dealing with RWA on public
blockchains. 

 DASHBOARDS ON TOKENIZATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/tomwanhh/status/1713487419344052541?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This thread introduces seven Dune dashboards focused on tokenization,
such as Real Estate and Asset-Based Finance. The dashboard has 82
tokenized products, with a total value exceeding $71 billion, and
shows that stablecoins are emerging as leaders in the tokenized asset
category. Key tokenization trends this year include a 100% jump in the
number of products from approximately 40 to around 80. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 TETHER PROMOTES PAOLO ARDOINO TO CEO (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/13/tether-promotes-paolo-ardoino-to-ceo/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Tether, the issuer of USDT, has announced the appointment of Paolo
Ardoino as CEO. Former CEO Jean-Louis van der Velde will transition to
an advisory role, retaining his position as CEO of Bitfinex. During
Ardoino's time as CTO, Tether underwent significant growth. As CEO, he
plans to position Tether as a "tech powerhouse" and expand USD
influence in the global market. 

 ODDS OF SPOT BITCOIN ETF APPROVAL BY US SEC RISES ABOVE 90% (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://coingape.com/odds-of-spot-bitcoin-etf-approval-by-us-sec-rises-above-90-bloomberg/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Bloomberg analysts have increased the likelihood of a spot Bitcoin
ETF's approval by the SEC to 90%. This follows Ark Invest and
21Share's updated ETF prospectus in response to an SEC request and the
SEC's decision not to appeal to a court ruling that permits Grayscale
to convert its product to a Bitcoin ETF. The analysts are expecting
the SEC to approve these ETFs by January 10th. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 FTX THIEF CASHES OUT MILLIONS DURING BANKMAN-FRIED TRIAL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/technology-67090501?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 The hacker that got away with $500 million in assets from FTX as it
fell last year is reportedly trying to cash out $20 million of it
daily. There are reports of a potential Russian cybercrime link. 

 FTX ESTATE STAKES 5.5 MILLION SOL, AMID LIQUIDATION FEARS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/ftx-estate-stakes-solana-liquidation/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 FTX owns over $1 billion worth of SOL and has decided to stake over
10% of that to start earning rewards on 5.5 million SOL tokens. 

 CHINESE BITCOIN MINES IN US SPARK NATIONAL SECURITY CONCERNS: NYT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/256317/chinese-bitcoin-mines-in-us-national-security-concerns?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This article from NYT claims that Chinese bitcoin mines in the US
have been linked to the Chinese Communist Party, raising national
security concerns due to their proximity to critical infrastructure,
including military sites and data centers. 

 CONSENSYS ADVANCES ITS WEB3 PLANS WITH SMG ACQUISITION (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/consensys-acquisition-smg-web3?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In its third acquisition since 2022, Consensys bought Special
Mechanism Group with plans to absorb its operations. SMG focuses on
blockchain microstructure and aims to help make web3 accessible. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d5e88a18-6c01-11ee-8409-cf9fdeb47c45&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697457684&t=1697457890&s=8ccd72d78e4ba46f994aff10958638c25ce80d626076d84e862a9b43f7bed601].