# Articles TLDR Crypto 12-09-2023

The estate of the defunct crypto exchange FTX is looking to sell $3.4
billion in assetsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dae5df70-513f-11ee-bfd5-b185b505d15a&pt=campaign&t=1694520303&s=b9db1317d8dc367b4ae76bcafa56c9ae7946cf9c36e79363ba84ff375669045d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-12

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX LOOKS TO OFFLOAD BILLIONS IN CRYPTO: HEREâ€™S WHAT IT MEANS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/155844/ftx-looks-to-offload-billions-in-crypto-heres-what-it-means?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The estate of the defunct crypto exchange FTX is looking to sell $3.4
billion in assets, pending approval from the Delaware Bankruptcy
Court. Galaxy Digital, led by Mike Novogratz, is managing the sale.
FTX's holdings include significant amounts of Solana, Bitcoin,
Ethereum, and altcoins. The potential sell pressure these liquidations
could put on the market has been weighing heavily on the charts over
the past week. 

COINBASE â€˜COMMITTEDâ€™ TO INDIA, BUT DISABLES SIGN-UPS AMID
REGULATORY ROADBLOCK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/10/coinbase-india/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase halted new user registrations for its exchange product in
India in June, but the company recently reaffirmed its long-term
commitment to the nation. The announcement follows an incident where
Coinbase had emailed some users who didn't meet their updated
standards about ceasing operations, causing confusion about
Coinbaseâ€™s plans for operating in the country. Coinbase currently
has a strong technology hub in India and continues to provide its
Coinbase Wallet service there. Despite struggling to gain regulatory
approval, it is actively seeking ways to grow its presence in India. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUSHI ANNOUNCES EXPANSION TO APTOS BLOCKCHAIN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250018/sushi-expands-to-aptos-the-dexs-first-non-evm-chain?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Sushi, a popular EVM-based DeFi exchange, is expanding to the Aptos
blockchain, a first for the project in terms of integrating a
non-EVM-compatible blockchain. The launch on Aptos will include
Sushiâ€™s v2 of its AMM. This partnership is a pivotal advancement for
Sushi's roadmap, signaling bigger cross-chain, non-EVM ambitions. 

PAYPAL INTRODUCES ON AND OFF RAMPS FOR WEB3 PAYMENTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsroom.paypal-corp.com/2023-09-11-PayPal-Introduces-On-and-Off-Ramps-for-Web3-Payments?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

PayPal has expanded its crypto service offerings to include off-ramps,
giving customers the ability to convert their crypto into fiat. This
update aims to facilitate web3 platforms in expanding their user base
by using PayPal's reliable and quick payment process. The feature is
live on MetaMask and offers services like fraud management,
chargebacks, and dispute resolutions, subject to applicable state
laws. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ALEX WICE ON FRIENDTECH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AWice/status/1701192189844549952?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post discusses the lessons learned from the first month or so of
FriendTech, particularly the advantages of getting involved early, and
the difficulties of valuing an airdrop. The author remains cautious
regarding their outlook for FriendTech, as its airdrop might devalue
future earnings for farmers and fatigued buyers might reduce demand. 

A DEEP DIVE ON SOLANA, A HIGH PERFORMANCE BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://usa.visa.com/solutions/crypto/deep-dive-on-solana.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Visa outlines in this deep dive why it believes that the Solana
blockchain network has the potential to become a mainstream payment
medium. Solanaâ€™s fast transaction speeds, scalability, and low
transaction costs make it suitable for effective blockchain settlement
using stablecoins like USDC. Its unique features, such as parallel
transaction processing and predictable transaction costs, are also
highlighted as benefits. Solana also offers transaction finality, a
vast number of nodes for availability, and multiple validator clients
for resilience, positioning it well to meet modern payment demands. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

JUST THE FACTS: A REGULATION BY ENFORCEMENT ONLY APPROACH IS HURTING
AMERICAN LEADERSHIP, JOBS, AND INNOVATION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/just-the-facts-a-regulation-by-enforcement-only-approach-is-hurting-american?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post from Coinbase preempts todayâ€™s oversight hearing and
highlights how the G20 group of countries have agreed to create a
standard set of regulations for cryptocurrency amid global movement
towards the regulated use of digital currency. This comes as the US
Congress prepares to pass relevant legislation, while the SEC persists
with an enforcement-only approach to regulation. In contrast to global
trends, this approach threatens to cost the US millions of jobs and an
opportunity to lead the digital asset market. 

POLYGON LABS ASKS SENATORS TO CONSIDER APPLE ORCHARD AS THEY TAX
CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250303/polygon-labs-asks-senators-to-consider-apple-orchard-as-they-tax-crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto firm Polygon Labs has suggested treating crypto staking
similarly to oil and gas taxation in a letter to U.S. senators. It
recommends that staking rewards should be taxed only when tokens are
sold to prevent over taxation. Its argument draws on the legal
tradition of not taxing dominion and control over items without
previous ownership. Polygon Labs believes taxing staking rewards upon
disposition would be the easiest administrative option. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

BANANAGUNBOT CONTRACT BUG SPARKS RUG PULL FEARS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/AzFlin/status/1701319497896825029?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

BananaGunBotâ€™s contract had a bug in which its 4% sell tax wasn't
deducted correctly due to a transfer function error. Instead of the
sell tax going to the projectâ€™s treasury, it would actually just get
returned back to the seller. 

SOMEONE PAYS $500,000 FEE TO SEND $1,865 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://web3isgoinggreat.com/?id=bitcoin-wallet-pays-500000-fee?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A Bitcoin wallet paid a $499,171 fee for a $1,865 transfer, 270x the
transaction value. This was likely a software bug in an enterprise's
withdraw-only hot wallet. 

A $700 MILLION BONANZA FOR THE WINNERS OF CRYPTOâ€™S COLLAPSE: LAWYERS
(7 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/V1WUk?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

FTXâ€™s collapse erased many investors' savings. However,
professionals like lawyers and consultants have earned over $700
million in fees from these bankruptcies, sparking outrage. 

GENSLER DECRIES â€˜WIDE-RANGING NONCOMPLIANCEâ€™ IN CRYPTO AHEAD OF
OVERSIGHT TESTIMONY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/155967/gensler-cites-wide-ranging-noncompliance-ahead-of-oversight-testimony?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

While Coinbase made its own comments preempting todayâ€™s oversight
testimony, SEC Chair Gary Gensler reiterated his critical stance
towards crypto. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dae5df70-513f-11ee-bfd5-b185b505d15a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694520093&t=1694520303&s=e90df0b091056c8a8e440c183edcc7f4a8309a0c771eb635c8be02a30cc677c3].