# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-10-2023

The SEC has dropped claims against two executives from Ripple Labs in
a lawsuit concerning alleged securities law violationsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec6ced8c-6f27-11ee-aabf-d3e3e3bb0d96&pt=campaign&t=1697803454&s=b33bbb36a4d08a042682cd814cdefc89c1d3a3c3ef258c4daf6d0af980b5f917]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-20

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 US SEC DROPS CLAIMS AGAINST TWO RIPPLE LABS EXECUTIVES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/markets/us/sec-dropping-claims-against-ripple-executives-court-filing-2023-10-19/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The SEC has dropped claims against two executives from Ripple Labs in
a lawsuit concerning alleged securities law violations. This follows a
partial win for Ripple in July, where a judge found some sales of XRP
weren't unregistered securities offerings. The case is now moving on
to determining what might be the appropriate penalty (if any) for
Ripple. 

 COINBASE PICKS IRELAND FOR EU HUB WITH MICA LAW SET TO OPEN EUROPEAN
MARKET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/19/coinbase-picks-ireland-as-eu-hub/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Coinbase chose Ireland as its EU regulatory hub and to gain a MiCA
license to operate across the EU. The move comes as part of Coinbase's
expansion plans, amidst its efforts to diversify its business and
concerns over the US's regulation by enforcement approach towards
crypto. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 EIP-7540: ASYNCHRONOUS ERC-4626 TOKENIZED VAULTS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/eip-7540-asynchronous-erc-4626-tokenized-vaults/16153?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This article discusses a proposed extension to the Ethereum ERC-4626
Tokenized Vaults standard, leveraging asynchronous deposit and
redemption flows to overcome existing limitations. The new methods
allow users to request deposits or redemptions, and view pending
requests, enhancing utility for asynchronous use cases. The proposal
ensures a structured request lifecycle, maintains backwards
compatibility with ERC-4626, and acknowledges security considerations
linked to asynchronicity, while suggesting the use of certain measures
to mitigate potential risks. 

 CIRCLE GAS STATION AND SMART CONTRACT PLATFORM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/circle/status/1714991133644693526?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Circle has introduced Gas Station and Smart Contract Platform in
beta, aiming to reduce costs and complexity for developers and
businesses in app development. These services facilitate easier
integration of blockchain features like smart contracts and gas fee
management into apps, enhancing user experience. For instance, a pilot
program with Grab in Singapore allows users to earn rewards through
NFT vouchers without worrying about gas fees. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 DESIGNING REWARD SYSTEMS FOR WEB3 GOVERNANCE (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/article/designing-reward-systems-for-web3-governance/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This article delves into web3 governance reward systems, comparing
token-based and reputation-based rewards. In web3, blockchain and
smart contracts enable scalable, tamper-resistant reward systems.
Token-based systems, while fostering participation, may encourage
plutocracy. Conversely, reputation-based systems aim for meritocracy
but face scalability and verification challenges. A blend of both
systems could be ideal. Community input and experimentation are
necessary in order to avoid recreating wealth-based hierarchies and to
truly democratize online governance systems. 

 ZERO-KNOWLEDGE PROOFS: THE MAGIC KEY TO IDENTITY PRIVACY (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.galaxy.com/insights/perspectives/zero-knowledge-proofs-the-magic-key-to-identity-privacy/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Zero-knowledge proofs offer a secure method to verify information
like age or citizenship without revealing additional personal data,
enhancing digital identity management. They enable on-chain
verification for smart contracts and other applications, ensuring
privacy and reducing fraud risks. Despite their potential, ZKPs face
challenges like high computational costs and a need for wider adoption
to fully realize their benefits in combating identity theft and
fostering a trust-minimized digital ecosystem. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 INSIDE SBF'S TRIAL: ALAMEDA PAID FOR LOANS, VC DEALS AND BAHAMAS
PROPERTIES WITH FTX USER FUNDS, EXPERT TELLS COURT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/258277/inside-sbfs-trial-alameda-paid-for-loans-vc-deals-and-bahamas-properties-with-ftx-user-funds-expert-tells-court?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 An expert witness testified in court that Alameda Research's negative
balance on FTX during 2021 and 2022 indicates misuse of customer funds
for various expenses including VC investments, real estate purchases,
and loan repayments. This testimony is part of the ongoing criminal
trial of Sam Bankman-Fried, which is approaching its finale. 

 NEW YORK SUES CRYPTO FIRMS FOR LOSING OVER $1 BILLION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/19/23923707/new-york-attorney-general-crypto-lawsuit-gemini-genesis-dcg-fraud?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 New York Attorney General Letitia James is suing crypto firms Gemini,
Genesis, and DCG for allegedly misleading investors, causing over $1
billion in losses. The lawsuit claims fraudulent schemes affected over
230,000 investors, particularly targeting Gemini's high-yield Earn
program and its association with Genesis. James seeks to ban these
firms from New York's investment industry and demands compensation for
the alleged deceit. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 APTOS HIT WITH 5-HOUR OUTAGE ON BLOCKCHAIN'S FIRST BIRTHDAY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/202340/aptos-hit-5-hour-outage-blockchains-first-birthday?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Aptos experienced a five-hour outage during a mass drawing event for
its anniversary, halting on-chain transactions and causing a temporary
spike in transaction fees. 

 COINBASE-INCUBATED LAYER 2 BASE OPEN-SOURCES CODE TO ENHANCE
TRANSPARENCY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/258394/coinbase-ethereum-layer-2-base-open-sources-smart-contracts-frontend?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Coinbaseâ€™s Base has open-sourced its code to boost transparency for
the Ethereum L2 network and invite public contributions, aiming to
foster community engagement and collaboration. 

 GLOBAL BITCOIN ATM NUMBERS SINK TO LOWEST LEVEL SINCE 2021 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/19/global-bitcoin-atm-numbers-sink-to-lowest-level-since-2021/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Global Bitcoin ATM installations hit a two-year low, dropping 17%
since last year due to controversies over criminal use, affecting
operators' profitability. 

 POKEMON CARD TOKENIZATION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/S4mmyEth/status/1714319577667023017?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This thread gives an overview of the on-chain activity in the first
few days after tokenized Pokemon cards dropped on Magic Eden. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=ec6ced8c-6f27-11ee-aabf-d3e3e3bb0d96&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697803276&t=1697803454&s=f36ce30ea896992b623de80041a47fdc3cdee821bc3a1214a3b964e734e70755].