# Articles TLDR Crypto 18-08-2023

The SEC is reportedly preparing to approve the first Ether
futures-based ETFsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7cc4ba38-3da8-11ee-949f-41e0ef3f8909&pt=campaign&t=1692360242&s=40186677207cd83e52c2b4b02aa478ebcdaac62bd79cf30bdc9c43e1fd28c324]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-18

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC SET TO GREENLIGHT ETHER-FUTURES ETFS IN WIN FOR CRYPTO INDUSTRY (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/REUyS?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC is reportedly preparing to approve the first Ether
futures-based ETFs. Several firms, including Volatility Shares,
Bitwise, Roundhill, and ProShares, have filed to launch such ETFs. The
SEC approved a Bitcoin futures ETF in 2021 after Bitcoin futures
trading was allowed on the CME, so it would make sense for them to
also approve an Ether futures ETF. This comes at the same time many
companies are vying to launch ETFs based on spot Bitcoin itself, which
has been a slower approval process. 

BITCOIN ABRUPTLY TUMBLES AS MUCH AS 9% TO JUST OVER $26,000 LATE
THURSDAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/17/bitcoin-abruptly-tumbles-9percent-to-just-over-26000-late-thursday.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bitcoin dropped 9% on Thursday, following a macro selloff as a result
of the Fed indicating further rate hikes, the announcement of
Evergrandeâ€™s bankruptcy, and reports that SpaceX had written down
the $373m worth of Bitcoin it acquired in 2021. This comes along with
news that Tesla sold approximately 75% of its Bitcoin holdings after a
$1.5B investment. The price drop precipitated by these events was
exacerbated by massive liquidations of leveraged traders. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BNB CHAIN'S LAYER 2 OPBNB ROLLS OUT MAINNET FOR INFRASTRUCTURE
PROVIDERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246012/bnb-chains-layer-2-opbnb-rolls-out-mainnet-for-infrastructure-providers?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The BNB Chain team has advanced to the next step of its opBNB rollout,
an EVM-compatible L2 network, from the testnet phase to being
available for infrastructure providers. Already, decentralized apps on
the network have a TVL of $1.4m, due in large part to liquidity from
DEX BinarySwap. Much like Coinbaseâ€™s Base, Binanceâ€™s opBNB is
built on Optimism's OP Stack, utilizing optimistic rollup technology
to scale. 

SCROLL ENTERS FINAL TESTNET PHASE BEFORE MAINNET LAUNCH (7 MINUTE
READ) [https://scroll.io/blog/scrollSepolia?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Scroll has launched its Beta testnet, Scroll Sepolia, for developers
and users, offering advancements such as improved EVM compatibility
and efficient on-chain verification. The new testnet also features an
upgraded bridging protocol for trustless message relay. Additional
enhancements include streamlined circuit capacity checking, enhanced
coordinator functionality, and improved EVM compatibility. Scroll's
testnet on Sepolia will serve as the main testing platform for future
upgrades and application testing and will be the final testnet phase
before mainnet launch. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

JAPAN AIMING TO BE THE CRYPTO CAPITAL OF ASIA ONCE AGAIN (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/JavierAng_/status/1692178229757624822?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Japan, once known as the "Crypto Capital of Asia", is making strides
to reclaim its title with promising developments in the space. The
government has been showing robust support for web3, providing a clear
regulatory framework and focusing on areas like NFTs, metaverses, and
DAOs. Coupled with the country's strong collectibles culture and
digital familiarity, major corporations are showing interest in these
technologies, signaling a potential resurgence in Japan's crypto
market. 

THE 4 PHASES OF A BULL MARKET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/thedefiedge/status/1692132282495357302?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post outlines a playbook for navigating through the 4 phases of a
Bull market: the Accumulation Phase, Early Bull Market, Peak Bull
Market, and Mark Down Phase. Each phase comes with unique challenges
and opportunities. The post provides strategies designed to maximize
profits and minimize common mistakes. Weâ€™re nearing the end of Phase
1, which would mean things are about to get real exciting. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE CROSS-DOMAIN THESIS PART 1: SETTING THE STAGE (34 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x59567ea31347ba1430939E8a8aC58fDa014aBed9/e2pIdHzlaBi6m5GhsRGK0g5DyjgCVuU4lE614XmES5s?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog details how the blockchain ecosystem is becoming
increasingly fragmented due to the continuous addition of rollups and
app-chains, on a seemingly daily basis, creating dispersed users and
scattered yields. This fragmentation highlights the increasing need
for aggregation so that both the markets and the UX can remain clean
and efficient. 

A KEY FEATURE OF NFTS HAS COMPLETELY BROKEN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/17/23836440/nft-creator-royalty-fees-are-dead-opensea-optional?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article describes the disillusionment some have with the NFT
space over OpenSea's unfulfilled promises for creator monetization.
Ongoing royalties were one of the main selling points for NFTs to
artists and creators during the bull run, but the problem with them is
that they were never truly enforceable. Marketplaces had an incentive
to race to the bottom on fees, including royalties, to capture market
share. Many industry players suggest that artists will have to find
alternative methods of monetization as royalties are not likely to
make a comeback. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

LARGEST LIQUIDATIONS IN A SINGLE DAY IN ALMOST TWO YEARS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://coinalyze.net/category-all/liquidations/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

BTC and ETH dropped sharply yesterday, leading to the biggest day of
liquidations since January 2022. More longs were liquidated yesterday
than any single day during the LUNA or FTX debacles. 

MORE INTEREST RATE HIKES MAY STILL BE ON DECK, FEDERAL RESERVE WARNS
(2 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/rEeHK?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Fed warned yesterday that more rate hikes could be on the horizon
- even though investors had been expecting a slowdown in rate hikes
soon - sending the stock market and crypto market down sharply. 

WEEKLY ALPHA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TheDeFinvestor/status/1692142778807877997?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In case you missed some of the many launches and protocol updates,
here is a good roundup of what happened over the past week. 

GRAYSCALE IS HIRING FOR ETF TEAM AS BITCOIN DECISION LOOMS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/245983/grayscale-is-hiring-for-etf-team-as-bitcoin-decision-looms?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Grayscale is hiring for its ETF team ahead of an expected SEC lawsuit
ruling, signaling optimism about the outcome. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7cc4ba38-3da8-11ee-949f-41e0ef3f8909&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692360043&t=1692360242&s=05a1fc4f33a6ede7621330d4fa89c2dd98743594c00d3110517c12cbbb280a6c].