# Articles TLDR Crypto 05-12-2023

Crypto.com obtained authorization as an Electronic Money Institution
from the UKs Financial Conduct Authority  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-12-05

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 STANDARD CHARTERED-BACKED ZODIA CUSTODY JOINS RIPPLE-OWNED METACO’S
GLOBAL CRYPTO STORAGE NETWORK (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Zodia Custody, a crypto storage provider backed by Standard
Chartered, is joining Metaco's network, a settlement and safekeeping
infrastructure provider for digital assets. The partnership aims to
offer global sub-custody, where one institution uses another to hold
its assets. Hailed as the "third generation of crypto custody," this
move is part of an emerging trend towards improved counterparty risk
management in the crypto space. 

 CRYPTO.COM SECURES ELECTRONIC MONEY INSTITUTION LICENSE FROM UK
FINANCIAL REGULATOR (2 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Crypto.com obtained authorization as an Electronic Money Institution
from the UK's Financial Conduct Authority. The license allows the
platform to issue electronic money and provide financial services,
joining the ranks of other crypto firms like Coinbase and Gemini. This
aligns with Crypto.com's extensive efforts to secure compliance
registrations globally, aiming to expand its product offerings amid
increased scrutiny on the crypto industry. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 SOCGEN ISSUES GREEN EURO-DENOMINATED BOND ON ETHEREUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[7] 

 French bank Societe Generale has issued its first green bond on
Ethereum valued at approximately $10.8 million with a three-year
maturity. Issued by the bank's crypto team, the tokenized bond offers
greater transparency and traceability of transactions, including
carbon footprint data. The bank is seemingly expanding its interests
in digital assets as previously seen with their plans for an
Ethereum-based euro-pegged stablecoin. 

 MANTLE RELEASES LIQUID STAKING PROTOCOL, EXPANDING BEYOND LAYER-2
OPERATOR (2 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Mantle, an Ethereum L2 project with a $2.3 billion treasury, has
launched its new liquid staking protocol, Mantle LSP. The protocol,
the second core product in the Mantle ecosystem, allows users to stake
their ETH to receive $mETH tokens, which they can use to earn yield.
The main Mantle Network, which was launched in July, currently holds
over $220 million in deposits. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 CELESTIA: PIONEERING THE MODULAR BLOCKCHAIN REVOLUTION (10 MINUTE
READ) [9] 

 This post gives a good introduction to Celestia, a recently launched
modular blockchain, making waves with its unique design and
functionality. Celestia is a first-of-its-kind modular blockchain
network, designed for scalability and flexibility, utilizing Cosmos
SDK and Tendermint consensus. It optimizes for data availability and
supports diverse applications, including DeFi, through its unique
architecture and innovative use cases like rollups and decentralized
sequencers. 

 ZERO-KNOWLEDGE PROOFS IN PLAIN ENGLISH (9 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This guide breaks down zero-knowledge proofs for beginners. ZKPs
allow a party to prove knowledge of a secret without sharing it. Its
two key benefits in blockchain tech are offering privacy in open
networks and reducing computational load on the network. Despite being
relatively complex, ZKPs are being leveraged for a wide range of use
cases, applications, and protocols. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHAT ONCHAIN APPS ENABLE (8 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This blog post explains how putting data or resources on-chain can
reveal patterns of user behavior across time and applications. This
aggregated metadata, or metagraph, allows for expanded consumer
engagement, from identifying superusers to creating more personalized
experiences. These benefits give on-chain apps advantages and use
cases that off-chain apps could never have. 

 CHARTING HISTORY'S RHYME: UNDERSTANDING THE CYCLICALITY OF CRYPTO
MARKETS (10 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This analysis delves into the cyclicality of the crypto market,
focusing on Bitcoin. The current cycle, which is the sixth, has been
ongoing for just over a year. The market seems to be in the middle
phase of a median-duration bull cycle, if it follows similar patterns
from the past. The current Bitcoin cycle has been relatively smooth in
comparison to previous cycles, though it's likely to see at least 10
more corrections before reaching the cycle's peak if the past is a
guide. The post also dives into some of the other factors affecting
the Bitcoin cycle and crypto cycles in general. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 RESTAKING AND SHARED SECURITY - THE FUTURE OF BLOCKCHAIN
INFRASTRUCTURE? (6 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 This post delves into how crypto is evolving towards modular
architectures, with examples in Cosmos and Ethereum, where separate
trust networks and middleware like oracles and indexing enhance
functionality and interoperability. 

 JITO AIRDROP DETAILS (2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Jito announced details around user eligibility for its airdrop,
giving a detailed description of the different tiers and token
allocations users can expect. 

 ON STABLECOIN FLOWS (2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 This thread gives a good overview of what is going on with
stablecoins, often a leading indicator for the market, and even breaks
the flows down by ecosystem. 

 A WAKE-UP CALL TO PUBLIC-FACING CRYPTO PEOPLE (4 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Alex Masmej, CEO of Showtime Technologies, was recently given a scare
when FBI agents reached him by phone. He later found out he was the
target of a sophisticated cybercrime attack. Masmej provides some
helpful suggestions and takeaways from the experience in this thread. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [17] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [18]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=b7bc708c-9356-11ee-9873-55c942372a68&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1701782118&amp;s=0d7dda027bd97634411764da240f0a6033b0a19218f66fc7ceece87955874005
[5] https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/12/04/standard-chartered-backed-zodia-custody-joins-ripple-owned-metacos-global-crypto-storage-network/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.theblock.co/post/265865/crypto-com-electronic-money-institution-uk?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blockworks.co/news/green-bond-ethereum-issued?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/12/04/mantle-releases-liquid-staking-protocol-expanding-beyond-layer-2-operator/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://cryptopragmatist.com/p/celestia-pioneering-the-modular-blockchain-revolution?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://mirror.xyz/edatweets.eth/oKKkqrfaeyxOZoPpggC9VUUCZYW3z8QfWPu9u5T5m50?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://backoftheenvelope.substack.com/p/what-onchain-apps-enable?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://thedefiant.io/charting-history-s-rhyme-understanding-the-cyclicality-of-crypto-markets?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://mirror.xyz/felixlts.eth/gR_DfhlFQ8GcC33v9e-EI7oBP0Im0-zYFQiBSwGclQ4?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://twitter.com/jito_sol/status/1731753937114702155?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/jphackworth42/status/1731703675146412191?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://twitter.com/AlexMasmej/status/1731446788136292833?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[18] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=b7bc708c-9356-11ee-9873-55c942372a68&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1701781217&amp;t=1701782118&amp;s=3ab49bdde6dd19b1456c2340607d707641a821d85a4f0b87513d2fbb6d71ea5f