# Articles TLDR Crypto 07-09-2023

The US Financial Accounting Standards Board has ruled that companies
holding cryptocurrencies will need to start marking their crypto
assets to marketÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2f0fd56e-4d5e-11ee-847c-3570a38ce5c2&pt=campaign&t=1694088258&s=8dd318e263a612ea148757d1b7e8ae7d85684f49ee1c62c2ab10cb6cb8fd6294]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-07

ðŸ“ˆ

MARKETS & BUSINESS

ARK INVEST AND 21SHARES FILE WITH SEC FOR SPOT ETHER ETF (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/249581/ark-invest-and-21shares-file-with-sec-for-spot-ether-etf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ark Invest and 21shares have submitted an application to the SEC for
the authorization of a spot ether ETF called the ARK 21Shares Ethereum
ETF. If approved, the fund would give investors direct exposure to
ether on the Cboe. The SEC, which is yet to approve a spot crypto
fund, recently postponed decisions on the spot Bitcoin ETF
applications that were filed by several funds earlier in the summer.

LONG-AWAITED BITCOIN ACCOUNTING RULES TO CAPTURE RISES, DIPS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.bloombergtax.com/financial-accounting/long-awaited-bitcoin-accounting-rules-to-capture-rises-dips?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board has ruled that companies
holding cryptocurrencies will need to start marking their crypto
assets to market in 2025. This approach provides a more accurate
reflection of the current values of their holdings compared to the
existing method of recording historical purchase prices. These
standards will not apply to NFTs, stablecoins, or wrapped tokens.
Despite potential increased earnings volatility, the decision was
hailed as a step forward in mainstream crypto adoption.

ðŸš€

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

STORY PROTOCOL (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xcbDf9ea2DD2C36D558f108835F06B2AD98DF2c40/u8cNYQb1k_lTJfdWEBt1bpms-2nBRbBXk36Q-5HRf20?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Story Protocol is creating an Internet-native IP infrastructure to
address the antiquated IP models that have been in use for decades.
Its open IP repository will enable creative Intellectual Property,
like prose, images, and audio, to record their evolution, from
inception, to remixes, and reuse, offering provenance and
authenticity. The novel licensing module allows creators to set
transparent conditions for others to use their work.

BLOCKCHAIN PRIVACY AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE: TOWARDS A PRACTICAL
EQUILIBRIUM (43 MINUTE READ)
[https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=4563364&utm_souce=tldrcrypto]

Blockchains by their very nature are not great for privacy as they
provide a public ledger of all transactions. Protocols like Tornado
Cash that allow people to â€˜hideâ€™ their transactions were invented
to address this. Until now, these protocols have been scrutinized for
enabling criminal activity like money laundering. This paper, put
together by an all-star cast including Vitalik Buterin, proposes a
solution to this problem. The paperâ€™s solution would allow people to
create private transactions that are provably disassociated from
criminal activity.

ðŸ’¡

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE HISTORY OF WASM IN BLOCKCHAIN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/fluentlabs.eth/7I4djVRnKFPkxlr2TYkCiMjmPQuE4vyyWIPK5V9l2h0?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post provides a good overview of the history of WebAssembly.
WebAssembly (Wasm), a portable binary format and compilation target
for high-level programming languages, is increasingly being used in
both web2 and web3 applications. It's been adopted as the execution
environment for top blockchain projects and has been utilized by
various sectors including e-commerce, entertainment, and software
development.

ON PSYCHOLOGY OF TRADING WITH THE MASSES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1699076242270777571.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread goes over the psychology of trading in cryptocurrency and
how it is influenced by understanding individual and collective human
behavior, personal bias, and maintaining a vigilant mindset. The
thread warns against cognitive biases that can negatively impact
decision-making. It also suggests that maintaining healthy paranoia
about potential risks, both technical and human, can help traders
safeguard investments.

ðŸ¦„

MISCELLANEOUS

SYNTHETIX, A NEW HOPE (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/kain.eth/tAXGVKMTYM8K2gUOQq9JDQ1wyV_5Msdlrn_AtmiCGEI?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Synthetix has launched Synthetix v3, which aims to unify its protocol
across multiple chains and question past assumptions about its SNX
token and its role in the ecosystem. This blog discussed the
challenges of ensuring smooth and efficient cross-chain communication,
which is increased particularly as the number of supported networks
expands. It proposes potential solutions to these challenges,
including the option of leveraging Ethereum as collateral and the
creation of a separate AppChain via the Optimism superchain.

GOOGLE WILL ALLOW ADS FOR NFT GAMES STARTING SEP 15 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/google-ads-nft-cryptocurrency-games-september?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Google will update its policy to allow advertising of blockchain-based
NFT games starting on September 15 as long as they donâ€™t promote
gambling. NFT casino games and related gambling activities using
real-world prizes will continue to be banned. This is another step
forward. Google banned all cryptocurrency-related ads in 2018, later
relaxing the rule in 2021 for certain US-targeted cryptocurrency
exchanges and wallets.

âš¡

QUICK LINKS

UNIBOT PARTNERING WITH OKX FOR TRADE ROUTING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TeamUnibot/status/1699513580972843109?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Unibot has partnered with OKX to give users optimal routing for swaps
and deeper liquidity to help users get the best prices.

LAGRANGIAN MECHANICS OF INTENT SOLVING (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.20squares.xyz/lagrangian-intent-search-i/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explores the idea of intents in Ethereum using a
mathematical framework, merging algebraic topology and mechanics,
focused on defining and solving intents with models.

THERE ARE JUST SIX BITCOIN BILLIONAIRES IN THE WORLD, NEW CRYPTO
SUPER-RICH REPORT SAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/06/six-bitcoin-btc-billionaires-in-the-world-new-crypto-super-rich-report-says.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article gives a summary of the comprehensive Crypto Wealth Report
that was just released. It breaks down how many individuals in each
wealth bracket own crypto and how many people overall do.

EX-CELSIUS CEO MASHINSKY'S ASSETS ORDERED FROZEN BY COURT AS DOJ CASE
CONTINUES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/06/ex-celsius-ceo-mashinskys-assets-ordered-frozen-by-court-as-doj-case-continues/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Former Celsius chief Alex Mashinsky's assets have been frozen amid
criminal charges including securities fraud.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2f0fd56e-4d5e-11ee-847c-3570a38ce5c2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694088023&t=1694088258&s=068c42cf0bb01b61ef09b2a6813c617f3473952924ff3326ef4823cc002dbe69].