# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-06-2023

Binance will delist 12 privacy coins, including Zcash and Monero, in
France, Italy, Poland, and Spain starting June 26¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=fc7954d0-0100-11ee-928f-91b6d7cb2e13&pt=campaign&t=1685707992&s=0608742dc1ccbe03317829e1f24359f7a927c5a5aff2bbf7e5553fd5219756aa]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-02

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

MAKERDAO PAVES WAY FOR ADDITIONAL $1.28B U.S. TREASURY PURCHASE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/06/01/makerdao-paves-way-for-additional-128b-us-treasury-purchase/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The community governing MakerDAO has approved the purchase of up to
$1.28 billion in US government bonds via BlockTower Capital. The vote
supports the opening of a new real-world asset vault funded by Maker's
overcollateralized DAI stablecoin. This move is part of Maker's
strategy to diversify the reserve assets backing DAI and generate
revenue through yield strategies. It also highlights the growing
demand for traditional financial instruments among crypto-native
entities like DAOs. 

BINANCE TO BLOCK PRIVACY COINS IN FOUR EUROPEAN COUNTRIES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232751/binance-privacy-coins-delisting-europe?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Binance will delist 12 privacy coins, including Zcash and Monero, in
France, Italy, Poland, and Spain starting June 26. Privacy coins
enable anonymous transactions, making tracking sender, recipient, and
transaction amounts difficult, which has led to the EU‚Äôs concerns
over potential money laundering. Although Binance aims to support
numerous projects, it must comply with local laws and regulations.
Affected users have been informed that they will be unable to purchase
or trade privacy tokens on the platform after June. Withdrawals will
remain open. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FIFA, MADDEN MAKER EA SPORTS TO ADD NIKE NFTS TO GAMES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/143110/fifa-madden-maker-ea-sports-add-nike-nft-apparel-games?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Nike and EA Sports are teaming up to integrate digital collectibles of
Nike merchandise into future EA games via .Swoosh, Nike's web3
platform that allows users to buy membership cards and digital
sneakers. The aim of the collaboration is to enhance in-game
experiences with a focus on customization, enabling players to acquire
virtual Nike items for their in-game characters. While the specifics
of the partnership are yet to be disclosed, Nike‚Äôs platform has
demonstrated its potential with a fairly limited offering, generating
close to $200 million in revenue since its launch in December 2021. 

PRODUCTION GRADE ZK-LIGHT CLIENT ON LAYERZERO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663899945936756738.html]

LayerZero has announced the launch of a production-grade zk light
client developed by the PolyhedraZK team. This zkLightClient is based
on notable work in the field of zero-knowledge proofs and is built
exclusively on LayerZero. It features custom circuits that achieve
significant compression and can batch multiple transaction
verifications into a single zk proof. LayerZero's unique modular
configuration allows every application to construct its desired
security stack, thus offering a flexible security-cost balance
tailored to individual applications. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHAT IS TOKEN-2022? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.helius.dev/blog/what-is-token-2022?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog from Helius dives into Solana's Token2022, an upgrade to its
current token program. It introduces extensions for enhanced
functionality while maintaining functionalities like minting,
transferring, and burning tokens. New features include transfer fees,
transfer hooks, closing mint, interest-bearing tokens,
non-transferable tokens, confidential transfers, memos on incoming
transfers, immutable ownership, default account state, and permanent
delegate. These additions meet the growing demand for more complex and
adaptable token features, providing developers more flexibility.
Despite similar features on Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain, Solana's
speed, low transaction costs, and Token2022's new functionalities
could provide a competitive edge in the L1 race. 

INTENT-BASED ARCHITECTURES AND THEIR RISKS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/06/intents?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The article discusses the concept of "intents" in Ethereum, which
refer to the desired outcomes of transactions, an innovation which
could enable an improved user experience by simplifying transactions.
Intents are sets of declarative constraints that allow users to
outsource transaction creation to third parties without losing
control. Although intents can provide enhancements to the Ethereum
ecosystem, they also pose challenges, particularly with off-chain
infrastructure. These challenges include the potential for
centralization and the proliferation of middlemen, order flow control,
and opacity. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

POLYGON-BASED USDC CAN NOW BE SENT ON COINBASE WALLET WITH ZERO GAS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://u.today/polygon-based-usdc-can-now-be-sent-on-coinbase-wallet-with-zero-gas?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Coinbase Wallet has introduced zero gas fees for USDC transactions on
the Polygon network, enhancing convenience and efficiency. This
advancement has the potential to further simplify cross-border
transfers and makes USDC operations easier. Enabled by EIP 4337, or
"Account Abstraction", developers can subsidize gas fees for certain
account transfers. Some Coinbase users hope this zero gas fee offering
could extend to other networks like Solana, NEAR, or Avalanche. In
other USDC-related news, Circle announced that USDC will be natively
available on Arbitrum on June 8. 

LEDGER NOW SUPPORTS ENS DOMAIN ADDRESSES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ledger.com/Ledger-now-supports-ENS/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Ledger Live and Ledger hardware wallets are now compatible with ENS
names. This can help simplify the user experience and enhance
transaction security. The integration utilizes Ledger's new Trusted
Name Service, which ensures secure mapping between ENS and Ethereum
hexadecimal addresses. Since Ethereum‚Äôs hexadecimal addresses are
long and complicated, ENS enables users to replace these addresses
with simpler, human-readable aliases, reducing transaction errors.
With this update, the hardware wallet‚Äôs display can now show these
ENS addresses, which further facilitates easier transaction
verification. Currently, only ENS is supported, but according to
Ledger, compatibility with more networks and namespace providers will
be added in the future. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SOTHEBY‚ÄôS HAS PLACED AN ESTIMATED AUCTION VALUE ON ‚ÄòTHE GOOSE‚Äô
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/michaelbouhanna/status/1664332147895705601]

‚ÄòThe Goose‚Äô, one of the most recognizable NFT pieces that exists,
is part of Dmitri Cherniak‚Äôs Ringers collection. It was purchased by
3AC for $5.9m and is now being auctioned off by Sotheby‚Äôs as part of
the defunct firm‚Äôs liquidation process with an estimated value of
$2m - $3m, which a Sotheby‚Äôs VP said is ‚Äúconservative‚Äù. 

REDEEMABLE NFTS COULD BE A BIG DEAL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1664053130571522056.html]

Redeemable NFTs offer additional utility beyond being digital art or
membership into a club, serving as digital assets that can be
exchanged for physical items, event access, other NFTs, or various
experiences, bridging the gap between the virtual and physical world.
More and more products enabling these types of NFTs have been cropping
up with good initial traction. 

DISCUSSION ON LIDO CONTROLLING TOO MUCH STAKED ETH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ethfinance/comments/13wcu4w/comment/jmbhv0z/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

A Redditor posted an analysis of why he thinks Lido‚Äôs market share
is a threat to the entire ETH ecosystem. LDO holders have voted
against self-limiting inbound stake flow. This means that the only
real option to combat this large stake share is for other protocols to
crop up and take share. 

GIDDY PARTNERS WITH BITREFILL TO BRING DEFI YIELD TO GIFT CARDS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/giddy-defi-yield-gift-cards?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Giddy has partnered with Bitrefill to allow users to use DeFi yield
for real-world purchases, offering auto-compounding and a variety of
payment options across 5,600+ retailers. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=fc7954d0-0100-11ee-928f-91b6d7cb2e13&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685707243&t=1685707992&s=54f048ab5aa3393741ecb128605c79c319cc3a0eea5679777fe45e52632cd593].