# Articles TLDR Crypto 05-10-2023

The Hong Kong Stock Exchange announced it would be rolling out new
blockchain-enabled features to improve operational efficiency on Stock
Connect  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=99806588-635e-11ee-ac79-0b48912876cc&pt=campaign&t=1696507715&s=c934d41cf925296b34c3c56c3629a65c62bf0458ada3a1e0f05e6dc77104d5bb]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-05

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

HONG KONG STOCK EXCHANGE LAUNCHES SETTLEMENT PLATFORM POWERED BY SMART
CONTRACTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/hong-kong-stock-exchange-launches-settlement-platform-powered-smart-contracts?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Hong Kong Stock Exchange announced it would be rolling out new
blockchain-enabled features to improve operational efficiency on Stock
Connect, an arm of HKEX that gives international investors access to
mainland China equities. The product HKEX is rolling out to accomplish
this is called “Synapse”. Synapse will be used to track and record
the settlement of trades on Stock Connect, which should help make the
process of recording trade settlement, a slow and complicated process,
much more efficient. 

ANCHORAGE AND EAGLEBROOK LINK UP IN BID TO BOOST CRYPTO SMA ACCESS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/anchorage-digital-eaglebrook-crypto-sma?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Anchorage Digital has partnered with cryptocurrency SMA platform
Eaglebrook Advisors to streamline financial advisors' access to
regulated crypto investments. The collaboration fulfills the SEC’s
definition of a “qualified custodian” for safeguarding client
assets, which enables asset managers to launch their SMA strategies on
Anchorage Digital. The move is timely following the SEC's custody
proposal and the industry’s exploration of spot crypto ETFs. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OPENSEA MAKES IT EASIER FOR ANYONE TO MINT NFTS WITH ITS 'NO-CODE HUB'
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/254141/opensea-makes-it-easier-for-anyone-to-mint-nfts-with-its-no-code-hub?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

OpenSea, once the largest NFT marketplace in the crypto ecosystem, has
faced challenging times after being unseated by rival marketplace Blur
last year. In addition to dwindling secondary trading volume, the
company has also seen diminished usage of its minting feature over
time. In response to this and the success of other minting platforms
like Zora, OpenSea has launched a “no-code” studio, enabling
creators to set up and drop an NFT collection on their choice of
supported chains without any technical experience or third-party
assistance. 

RESY AND EATER CO-FOUNDER RAISES $24M FOR BLACKBIRD, A RESTAURANT
LOYALTY PLATFORM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/04/resy-and-eater-co-founder-raises-24m-for-blackbird-a-restaurant-loyalty-platform/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Former Resy and Eater Co-Founder Ben Leventhal is looking to
revolutionize loyalty programs with his new restaurant loyalty
platform, Blackbird. Blackbird, fresh off a $24m Series A funding
round led by a16z, offers restaurateurs creative ways to reward their
most loyal patrons via paid memberships, merch, and earned perks. The
company is incorporating crypto into the platform with its own
cryptocurrency that can be used to buy items from participating
restaurants. Only a few months in, Blackbird is off to a hot start: it
has raised a total of $35m, put together a team of 20 employees, and
has signed 80 restaurants onto the platform. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

EXPLORING THE DESIGN SPACE FOR DYNAMIC NFTS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/1kx.eth/9lMkZYQgrO2G6ei2dQFU6RmulsPHuVxQETK3fATtd9o?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

NFTs as we know them have mostly been static collectors’ items, but
developers are beginning to experiment with NFTs whose properties can
change. Called Dynamic NFTs, they rely on algorithmic or user-based
input to change. Their potential uses range from gaming and art to
avatar creation and brand engagement. However, questions of practical
implementation remain. 

INTRO TO ORACLE MULTICALLS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/noahlitvin.eth/9Y76pCcce7-7DrAWhj_MxhB-rSLcqFuy9ZhbY35_Yks?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Synthetix's Perps V3 Testnet Competition, currently underway, is not
only testing features of the perpetual futures market but also a new
pattern for consuming oracle data, ERC-7412. This pattern creates a
pull oracle system that allows secure, signed, off-chain data to be
consumed on-demand for time-sensitive operations like trade prices.
Some technical considerations are still being ironed out. This blog
post walks through what price oracles are, some of the precursors to
this new standard, and how this new standard works. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

HONG KONG CRYPTO VENTURE CAPITAL FIRM CMCC GLOBAL LAUNCHES $100
MILLION FUND AMID INDUSTRY SLUMP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scmp.com/tech/tech-trends/article/3236786/hong-kong-crypto-venture-capital-firm-cmcc-global-launches-us100-million-fund-amid-industry-slump?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Hong Kong-based crypto venture firm, CMCC Global, has raised $100
million for a new venture, Titan Fund, that targets Asian crypto
startups. More than 30 investors, including Winklevoss Capital, Jebsen
Capital, and Block.one participated. The fund will provide equity
investment in early-stage crypto startups, prioritizing the Hong Kong
market. It has already made five investments, including in Hong Kong
companies Mocaverse and Terminal 3. 

MONOLITHIC VS MODULAR BLOCKCHAINS: THE TWIN SUNS THESIS (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://nosleep.substack.com/p/monolithic-vs-modular-blockchains?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article explores the ongoing debate on monolithic versus modular
blockchain technologies. Both technologies will likely find success,
offering different benefits for various uses. Monolithic chains will
be suitable for universal applications and attract users with in-built
features and cheaper costs. On the other hand, modular chains provide
more control and customization, likely attracting 'superapps'. This
could mean there could be one dominant monolithic chain for general
use and an interoperable ecosystem of modular chains for specific use
cases. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT FOUNDERS CAN DO IF THEY ARE RUNNING OUT OF RUNWAY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/CasperJohansen/status/1709412708502892720?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread offers practical advice for struggling founders to
navigate financial challenges by either attempting to sell the company
or raise a round of funding. 

HOW THE BALTIC STATES BECAME THE HUB OF MONEY LAUNDERING AND FRAUD (35
MINUTE READ)
[https://vsquare.org/tales-from-the-crypto-money-laundering-fraud-sanctions-estonia-lithuania-russia/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article goes into deep detail about some of the fraudulent
activity occurring in Eastern European countries by “crypto”
companies. 

BLOCKCHAIN CAPITAL'S $580M DOLLAR BET ON CRYPTO (1 HOUR LISTEN)
[https://blockworks.co/podcast/empire/2dab3b78-61bd-11ee-b050-97b3317765c3?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Blockchain Capital's Aleks and Spencer talk about their recent $580
million fundraise, covering topics such as their investments in 110+
entities since 2013, fund management, mass adoption timeline, U.S.
capital allocation, and later stage start-up discounts. 

HOW NFTS NOW ARE SIMILAR TO EARLY 90S WEBSITES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/BennyGiang/status/1709363260192141673?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread explains how NFTs as we know them are like 90s websites
but are evolving to resemble modern apps with enhanced functionality.
In the future, NFTs will interlink on-chain objects, which could
enhance the overall blockchain experience. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=99806588-635e-11ee-ac79-0b48912876cc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696507275&t=1696507715&s=3dd59037734f050e03fd5944a200803e979d69cc122f9730a741e418e20c7779].