# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-10-2023

FTX is reportedly evaluating three proposals for its relaunch, with a
final decision expected by mid-DecemberÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=cab26f9c-73d6-11ee-8202-217581056ea5&pt=campaign&t=1698321850&s=31e8a54470c7493da6e05117d304c9780994b41de3f07b806a71a5e85daac15d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-26

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 FTX IS CONSIDERING 3 BIDS TO RESTART THE CRYPTO EXCHANGE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/ftx-considering-3-bids-to-restart-the-crypto-exchange-2023-10?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 FTX is reportedly evaluating three proposals for its relaunch, with a
final decision expected by mid-December. The move, which follows
discussions around a potential restart of the once-leading crypto
exchange, could be crucial for refunding customers who lost money
during its shutdown. Although the bidders' names remain undisclosed,
potential options include a total sale of the exchange, a partnership,
or an independent relaunch by FTX. 

 SAM BANKMAN-FRIED GETS CHANCE TO DISPEL â€˜CARTOON VILLAINâ€™
NARRATIVE AS HE PREPARES TO TAKE STAND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/259553/sam-bankman-fried-gets-chance-to-dispel-cartoon-villain-narrative-as-he-prepares-to-take-stand?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Former FTX CEO SBF will be testifying tomorrow as what seems like a
last-ditch effort. Typically, defendants are advised not to testify,
but it seems this might be SBFâ€™s only chance to help change the
juryâ€™s perception of him. His defense appears to be that he didn't
intend to commit any fraud, deceive anyone, or lie. Bankman-Fried's
testimony will reveal to the jury his thought process and bolster the
notion that he has been unjustly painted as a criminal mastermind. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 WSTETH ON AVALANCHE, BNB, AND SCROLL AND OWNERSHIP ACCEPTANCE BY LIDO
DAO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://research.lido.fi/t/wsteth-on-avalanche-bnb-and-scroll-and-ownership-acceptance-by-lido-dao/5749?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 LayerZero has bridged the wstETH token, a wrapped version of
Ethereum's stETH, across the Ethereum, Avalanche, BNB Chain, and
Scroll networks. This move, backed by the Avalanche Foundation, BNB
Chain, and Scroll, is aimed at promoting seamless chain bridging and
preventing fragmentation of wstETH. LayerZero will hand over all
relevant contract ownership to the Lido DAO, which is aimed at
enhancing the use of wstETH in the DeFi space. 

 SUSHIXSWAP V2: THE BEST CROSS-CHAIN SWAP IS LIVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sushi.com/blog/sushixswap-v2?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 SushiXSwap v2 introduced several new features designed to streamline
and strengthen its cross-chain swapping function. Among the updates,
the platform added the Base network and Circle-backed USDC
integration, creating a total of seven chain-agnostic token-swapping
networks. New payload executors will allow swaps to be charged on the
source chain, reducing dependence on destination chain tokens. Future
developments will include further blockchain integration, swappable
adapters, and improved cross-chain transactions with Chainlink's CCIP.


ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 PREDICTING CRYPTO PRICES BY MONTH: IS IT POSSIBLE? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptopragmatist.com/p/predicting-crypto-prices-month-possible?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Crypto traders often look for patterns to predict market behavior,
with some even resorting to using zodiac signs as a guide. While most
traders are unsuccessful at this, there seems to be a seasonal pattern
worth noting. Data suggests that September generally results in low
returns for Bitcoin while October, November, and February tend to be
consistently more profitable. Despite identifying these possible
trends, using them to make actionable financial decisions remains a
challenge due to market unpredictability. 

 ALL AMMS ARE CFMMS. ALL DEFI MARKETS HAVE INVARIANTS. (55 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.semanticscholar.org/reader/b3c0e07356ccb27eeffebd4ebe76c6b15950c0ee?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This whitepaper discusses the concept of invariants in DeFi. It
presents a universal framework that maps any market system to state
transition rules and proves the existence of invariants in DeFi
markets. The whitepaper establishes the fundamental equivalence
between arbitrage-free markets and the presence of increasing
invariants. It also explores examples such as AMMs and showcases the
implications of invariants on the absence of arbitrage. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 REFLEXIVITY RESEARCH WEEKLY UPDATE: BLACKROCK FILING REVEALED ON DTCC
WEBSITE AS CME FUTURES VOLUME HITS 2023 HIGH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://reflexivityresearch.substack.com/p/weekly-update-11?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This report provides an update on what is going on in the crypto
space. Recent highs have decent support as prices have now reclaimed
the 200-day and 200-week averages. Stablecoins, with increasing
adoption and largely supported by US treasuries, have achieved a
significant position as the 16th largest US treasury holder in the
world. The report also gives a helpful summary of current legal and
regulatory battles going on that are important for the space. 

 THIS CYBERSECURITY PRO GETS PAID TO HACK ETHEREUM â€“ FOR THE GOOD OF
THE NETWORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/10/25/this-cybersecurity-pro-gets-paid-to-hack-ethereum-for-the-good-of-the-network/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 David Theodore, a security researcher at the Ethereum Foundation, and
his team have been tasked with the maintenance and protection of the
Ethereum blockchain's integrity. Their work includes an activity
called 'fuzzing,' where they feed invalid input into network nodes to
check for any bugs or vulnerabilities. This article walks through what
Theodoreâ€™s job is like and its relevance to Ethereum and its
security. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 BOOK REVIEW: GOING INFINITE (1 HOUR READ)
[https://thezvi.substack.com/p/book-review-going-infinite?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This article provides an in-depth summary of "Going Infinite",
Michael Lewisâ€™ much-anticipated and now controversial book, which
was released at the beginning of the month. 

 THE AUM OF TOKENIZED US TREASURIES CONTINUES TO GROW (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/tomwanhh/status/1717095071047393573?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Tokenized US Treasuries' AUM grew 560% YTD to $672M due to higher
interest rates and greater interest in accessing those attractive
rates. This traction has led to many new RWA protocols popping up and
the creation of novel use cases for RWAs on-chain. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=cab26f9c-73d6-11ee-8202-217581056ea5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698321672&t=1698321850&s=c0cdf453d48a818270cfc93dcdf2ee2223d4ce3277b2a24f57afc1517133cfee].