# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-08-2024

SUN.io has announced SunPump, the first memecoin launch platform on
TRON. It features streamlined, low-cost, and secure solutions for
token issuance  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [energyx] [4]

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-08-14

 A LITHIUM BOOM IS COMING. GM-BACKED ENERGYX STANDS TO GAIN — AND
YOU CAN BECOME A SHAREHOLDER TODAY (SPONSOR) [4] 

 Demand for lithium is expected to grow 20x by 2040 [4] as automakers
go fully electric, far outstripping supply. For investors, this is an
opportunity.

EnergyX [4] has developed a portfolio of patented tech [4] that can
extract 300% more lithium than current methods. The company has opened
its investment round to the public [4] for a limited time — here's
what you need to know:

Nearly $105M invested to date, including a $50M round led by General
Motors [4] and a $5M grant from the U.S. Department of Energy

106,000 acres of lithium mining rights acquired

6 strategic agreements with top lithium producers

120+ patents across 19 patent families

Don't miss your chance to invest in the lithium gold rush [4] before
the boom.

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 COINBASE CALLS FOR SEC TO RETHINK RULE ON DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGES,
CALLING IT 'IRRATIONAL' (3 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Coinbase has urged the SEC to withdraw its rule requiring
decentralized exchanges to register like traditional ones, arguing
that it is impractical and based on flawed assumptions. Chief Legal
Officer Paul Grewal says that DEXs cannot meet the same compliance
standards as centralized exchanges, citing a recent Supreme Court
ruling to challenge the SEC's broad interpretation of the law. 

 EVIDENCE THAT KAMALA WILL CONTINUE CRYPTO CRACKDOWN (7 MINUTE READ)
[6] 

 Kamala Harris is expected to maintain a tough stance on crypto, as
indicated by her collaboration with Brian Deese and Bharat Ramamurti,
both key figures in Biden's anti-crypto policies. Their involvement
suggests that a Harris administration would likely continue the
regulatory approach seen under Biden, particularly in the context of
"Chokepoint 2.0" and restrictions on stablecoins. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 SUNPUMP, TRON'S FIRST MEME-LAUNCH PLATFORM GOES LIVE (1 MINUTE READ)
[7] 

 SUN.io has announced SunPump, the first memecoin launch platform on
TRON. The platform features streamlined, low-cost, and secure
solutions for token issuance and trading to improve the meme token
trading experience and help innovate within the meme culture
ecosystem. 

 SENTIENT PROTOCOL: ENABLING OPEN SOURCE AI MONETIZATION (1 MINUTE
READ) [8] 

 Sentient allows open-source and community-built AI models to be open,
monetizable, and loyal. It uses smart contracts to align ownership,
usage, and reward incentives alongside a node network for
decentralized control access. Sentient created a new cryptographic
primitive, the OML (open, monetizable, loyal), to ensure a model is
transparent yet can track usage and ensure ethical use. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 DO ALL ROADS LEAD TO MPC? EXPLORING THE END-GAME FOR PRIVACY
INFRASTRUCTURE (18 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 Increasing onchain privacy is critical for expanding into real-world
use cases like financial accounts and minimizing MEV. Though ZK offers
strong privacy guarantees, it does not allow multiple parties to
interact with the same private state, limiting expressivity, and fully
homomorphic encryption limits the strength of privacy guarantees.
Multi-party computation (MPC) allows for programmable infrastructure
with a shared private state without a single point of failure. Its
main challenges are communication overhead and the potential for
offchain collusion. 

 PUMPDOTFUN IS THE OPENSEA OF THIS CYCLE BUT IT'S NOT EXACTLY THE SAME
(3 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Pumpdotfun is positioning itself as the top memecoin launchpad of
this cycle by rapidly delivering features users enjoy, such as SOL
rewards, zero fees for coin creation, and integrated social features.
Unlike platforms like OpenSea, which have been criticized for slow
development and self-serving practices, Pumpdotfun focuses on
community engagement and growth. However, despite its success,
concerns are rising about long-term profitability for users in a
highly competitive market with fleeting consensus on which coins will
hold value. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ROBINHOOD CEO SAYS FIRMS EARNS MORE REVENUE FROM CRYPTO THAN EQUITIES
(1 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 Robinhood's CEO Vlad Tenev allegedly revealed that the firm now earns
more revenue from crypto trading than equities, highlighting the
strategic importance of crypto and AI in reshaping financial services
and the role of stablecoins and asset tokenization in increasing
market accessibility and liquidity. 

 HOW WRAPPED BITCOIN (WBTC) HAPPENED AND ITS PURPOSE (3 MINUTE READ)
[12] 

 Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) was launched in 2018 by Kyber Network and
BitGo to bring Bitcoin liquidity to Ethereum and boost DeFi. The
project used a centralized custodian model for simplicity and
transparency, with BitGo managing off-chain tasks and Kyber handling
smart contracts and community outreach. WBTC quickly became the
leading Bitcoin token on Ethereum due to its clear design, community
support, and first-mover advantage. Recently, changes by BitGo have
raised concerns about the future trust and stability of WBTC. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 MORPHO LABS SCAM USERS OUT OF POTENTIALLY MILLIONS OF DOLLARS ALMOST
COMPLETELY UNNOTICED (1 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Morpho Labs has been accused of scamming users by implementing a
feature that liquidates anyone who taps "max withdraw" when repaying,
which is not standard practice on lending platforms. 

 USDT ON TRON HITS ⅓ VISA'S ANNUAL SETTLEMENT VOLUME (1 MINUTE READ)
[14] 

 USDT flows on Tron have supposedly increased from ~$25.2B in Q2'20 to
$1.25T in Q2'24. 

 UNISWAP'S CUMULATIVE FRONT-END REVENUE SURPASSES $50 MILLION (1
MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Uniswap Labs has generated over $50M in front-end fees, largely
driven by a front-end transaction fee increase from 0.15% to 0.25% on
its platform earlier this year. 

 COULD BLACKROCK LAUNCH AN L2? (1 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Token Terminal believes BlackRock could launch an Ethereum L2 focused
on institutional settlement and taking advantage of the hundreds of
billions of dollars of digital asset liquidity. 

 EIGENLAYER COMPETITOR SYMBIOTIC LAUNCHES DEVNET, PLANS FULL MAINNET
IN Q3 (2 MINUTE READ) [17] 

 Restaking protocol Symbiotic's devnet is live, with a mainnet launch
planned for Q3. 

Love TLDR? Tell your friends and get rewards!

 Share your referral link below with friends to get free TLDR swag! 

 https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6 [18] 

		Track your referrals here. [19]

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [20]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Esham Macauley & Lincoln Murr 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto, please
unsubscribe from TLDR Crypto [21] or manage all of your TLDR
newsletter subscriptions [22]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=22f2187a-5a1c-11ef-9939-cf0e372a3397&pt=campaign&t=1723637004&s=34c647ec407ddd4c8d7706fc8c6c8f152e103cc6a6bdd6d5acc7aa4c39611721
[4] https://invest.energyx.com/?utm_source=dmrenergyxlandingpage&utm_medium=partnership69-01_08-14&tnames=partnership69-01_08-14_11592126284
[5] https://links.tldrnewsletter.com/LrJGa3
[6] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823338570104352884.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://sunio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/36265413580953-Announcement-on-the-Launch-of-SunPump-on-SUN-io?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1822985683549540388.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://equilibrium.co/writing/do-all-roads-lead-to-mpc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823383087444566140.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823356694912708934.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823244566457471012.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823435104087417160.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1823074373248417891.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://links.tldrnewsletter.com/2Z63sx
[16] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1822989174418682144.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://links.tldrnewsletter.com/7mFGqB
[18] https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6
[19] https://hub.sparklp.co/sub_ed15f5e392d5/6
[20] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[21] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=22f2187a-5a1c-11ef-9939-cf0e372a3397&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1723636842&t=1723637004&s=1ab7384baf9f744ba5a95a3aeea8220eac75a21cf109377cd3e2b6a4d85cbae0
[22] https://tldr.tech/crypto/manage?email=blockchaincryptologue%40gmail.com