# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-09-2023

Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown criticized the crypto industry for fraud
and abuse in yesterdayâ€™s SEC senate hearingÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3760e83c-521a-11ee-89b0-5f37fb82e098&pt=campaign&t=1694606661&s=e65798f5e512cc641fbb836cc6d7ad3bdd097de8a7cca47a88bd7cbd587da4a5]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-13

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GENSLER HEARING SHOWS KEY SENATE DEMOCRAT DIGGING IN HEELS ON CRYPTO
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/12/gensler-hearing-shows-key-senate-democrat-digging-in-heels-on-crypto/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown criticized the crypto industry for fraud
and abuse in yesterdayâ€™s SEC senate hearing, arguing for stricter
oversight and regulation. SEC chair Gary Gensler continued to voice
his skepticism about the sector in the hearing. Brown's stance matters
because his approval is critical in passing crypto legislation,
potentially shaping the industry's regulatory landscape. Any bills
regarding stablecoin or crypto market oversight are unlikely to make
it without his support. 

FRANKLIN TEMPLETON FILES FOR BITCOIN ETF, JOINS RACE FOR CRYPTO
â€˜HOLY GRAIL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/slz8V?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Franklin Templeton, a leading asset manager, has entered the race for
a Bitcoin spot ETF with the "Franklin Bitcoin ETF". The aim of many of
these leading institutions applying for ETFs is to attract large
institutional investors, which could potentially bring trillions of
dollars into the crypto industry. Franklin Templeton's ETF will be
based on a mix of cryptocurrency exchange Bitcoin prices to deter
price manipulation. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COINBASE PRIME LAUNCHES WEB3 WALLET (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/coinbase-prime-launches-web3-wallet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase Prime has announced the launch of its web3 Wallet, allowing
institutional and enterprise clients a secure way to transact
on-chain. This new offering provides access to crypto, NFTs, dApps,
and DeFi - all through an interface integrated into Coinbase Prime.
The web3 Wallet provides customers with an easy way to follow web3
activity. 

MOUNTAIN PROTOCOL: THE FIRST REGULATED AND PERMISSIONLESS
YIELD-BEARING STABLECOIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/MountainUSDM/status/1701208170931081576?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Mountain Protocol has publicly announced its launch along with USDM
following a financing round led by Castle Island Ventures and several
others. The token, USDM, is fully backed by short-term US Treasuries
and offers a unique yield-bearing system, allowing even non-US users
to earn interest in US Treasuries. Mountain Protocol has also secured
a digital asset business license from the Bermuda Monetary Authority. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ON TAP: THE THREE ADDRESS PROTOCOL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/punk6529/status/1701623475725533524?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this thread, Punk6529 shares an approach to safeguarding NFTs. He
suggests splitting transactions across three addresses: a cold 'Vault'
for long-term holding, a 'Transaction' wallet for selling, and a
'Minting' wallet for acquiring new NFTs. This method, called TAP
(Three Address Protocol), can help users avoid falling prey to
phishing attacks, as it minimizes the risk of a valuable address
getting compromised. 

FRAX FINANCE THESIS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/stacy_muur/status/1701630496151613854?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread attempts to explain why Frax Finance is a standout in the
DeFi space. Frax Finances features numerous robust revenue channels,
innovation, and long-term viability. The protocol includes Frax
stablecoin, FraxSwap exchange, and the FraxLend borrowing system.
These, along with FraxFerry bridge service and the upcoming FraxChain
L2 solution, help to bolster Frax's ecosystem. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ZK ROLLUPS ARE COMING TO BITCOIN. HEREâ€™S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinmagazine.com/technical/zk-rollups-are-coming-to-bitcoin-heres-all-you-need-to-know?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Bitcoin ecosystem is set to adopt ZK rollups as two new projects,
Chainway and Kasar Labs, open source their data availability adapters.
ZK rollups provide mathematical validation of transactions without
revealing source data, boosting transaction scalability and platform
security. Implementation via a Bitcoin soft fork is required for fully
trustless bridging. The projects propose the integration of ZK proofs
via the Ordinals Protocol, which bypasses a new opcode requirement,
improving Bitcoin's flexibility and development potential. 

CAPITALISM ONCHAINED (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/capitalism-onchained?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article predicts that despite current roadblocks, global crypto
markets will eventually thrive because they serve to make capitalism
more efficient. The author touts the potential of crypto to aid
entrepreneurial activities by ensuring digital property rights,
creating free markets for all sorts of assets, and speeding up capital
flows to match the speed of the internet. This would propel cryptoâ€™s
growth even in the face of strong headwinds. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

MILADY TREASURY DRAINED OF $1M BY DEVELOPER ON TEAM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/CharlotteFang77/status/1701245168039452947?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Yesterday, a developer compromised $1m from part of the Milady
treasury, sparking fear and a sharp sell-off of Milady ecosystem
assets. 

VITALIK BUTERIN REVEALS X ACCOUNT HACK WAS CAUSED BY SIM-SWAP ATTACK
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/vitalik-buterin-reveals-x-account-hack-was-caused-by-sim-swap-attack?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Vitalik Buterin confirmed his recent Twitter hack that led to $691,000
in stolen assets was the result of a SIM-swap attack, an attack vector
that has been heavily utilized as of late. 

COINEX EXCHANGE HACKED FOR $28M (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/coinex-exchange-hacked-for-usd28m?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

HK-based CoinEx crypto exchange has suffered a breach, losing 4,946
ETH and 354,762 TRX. CoinEx plans to compensate affected users to
remedy the issue. 

ONE COIN CO-FOUNDER SENTENCED TO 20 YEARS AND FINED $300 MILLION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/250564/one-coin-co-founder-sentenced-to-20-years-and-fined-300-million?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Karl Sebastian Greenwood, OneCoin co-founder, was sentenced to 20
years and fined $300 million for defrauding 3.5 million investors in
2014. Co-founder Ruja Ignatova remains on the run after making the
FBIâ€™s Top Ten Most Wanted list in 2022. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3760e83c-521a-11ee-89b0-5f37fb82e098&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694606439&t=1694606661&s=8ebe7fd295891d9e68a414ebcc20a9e13b9827e657d75387492d97fb69450269].