# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-04-2023

Binance has canceled its $1 billion asset purchase of bankrupt
Voyager  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0d83cc0c-e3fa-11ed-a06c-43511ba227a9&pt=campaign&t=1682510872&s=8c2b925b2f10b6c0d7d51e567f6fcdaeabecb0c65116bfbf8a718dab972974f5]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-26

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE BAILS ON $1B VOYAGER ASSET DEAL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/binance-bails-voyager-asset-deal?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance has canceled its $1 billion asset purchase of bankrupt
Voyager, citing an "uncertain regulatory environment in the United
States." Voyager expressed disappointment and announced plans to
return value to customers via direct distributions on their platform.
The acquisition, initiated in December, faced opposition from the
Department of Justice in March. Voyager filed for bankruptcy in July
2022 following TerraUSD's collapse, leading to the suspension of
activity, including customer deposits, withdrawals, and trading on its
platform. 

ETHEREUM DEXS ATTRACT MOST TRADERS SINCE 2021 AS MEMECOIN POPULARITY
SOARS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228099/ethereum-dex-nft-traders-memecoins?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum-based DEXs saw a spike in trading activity over the past
week, reaching over 72,000 daily traders on April 19th, the highest
level since 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a memecoin
frenzy, with tokens like $PEPE seeing significant short-term surges.
At the same time, this sucked liquidity from the NFT ecosystem with
NFT volumes declining to their lowest level since July 2021. The rise
in DEX trading activity led to higher gas fees on Ethereum - some of
the highest levels we’ve seen in the bear market - which could have
also contributed to the lack of activity in NFTs. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

GOOGLE PUSHES FORWARD IN WEB3 WITH CLOUD STARTUP PROGRAM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/google-cloud-web3-program?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Google Cloud is introducing benefits for web3 startups in its Startups
Cloud Program. The benefits include foundation partner grants, $10,000
in Alchemy credits, and access to Alchemy University and the Polygon
Ventures Ecosystem Fund. Startups can apply through two tiers: the
starting tier for pre-seed, younger startups, and the scale tier for
seed to Series A startups founded within the last 10 years. Google
Cloud has previously engaged with web3, launching the Blockchain Node
Engine and investing in blockchain tech through Alphabet. 

A NEW CHAPTER FOR WEB3 DATA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dune.com/blog/new-paid-experience?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Dune has launched its API for all users, enabling them to turn query
results into API endpoints. The company has also revamped subscription
plans with increased flexibility, API access, and unlimited
collaboration. The free user experience is now more powerful,
featuring 10 private queries, a private dashboard, CSV downloads, 2500
credits, and API access. These changes make Dune more accessible for
both free and paid users and open the world of blockchain data up even
further. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TO BECOME A SMART CONTRACT AUDITOR (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://cmichel.io/how-to-become-a-smart-contract-auditor/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article is an oldie but a goodie and provides advice on becoming
a smart contract security auditor in the Ethereum or EVM space. To
begin, one must be fluent in programming, with JavaScript being a
beginner-friendly and versatile option. Next, learn the basics of the
ETH blockchain and Solidity by solving Capture the Flag (CTF) security
challenges. After conquering the basics, you should familiarize
yourself with widely-used smart contracts and patterns, and study the
basics of finance. You can then gain real experience by participating
in bug bounties or audit contests. Finally, stay up-to-date with
security news, understand the compensation structure, and improve your
scoping and auditing skills. 

MONTHLY UPDATES LAUNCHED FOR ELECTRIC CAPITAL’S DEVELOPER REPORT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1648787738907365378.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Electric Capital has launched its Developer Report dashboard which
will be updated monthly, tracking the growth and activity of crypto
developers. The Q1 2023 report reveals that there are currently 21.5k
developers (~7k full-time), with 8.7k new repos and 9.3k new devs in
Q1. However, these numbers have dipped relative to the previous few
quarters, potentially due to the cyclicality of the crypto market and
just general seasonality. Full-time developers make up 75% of commits
and maintain coding volume even in bear markets. Notable ecosystems
with the highest growth in full-time developers for Q1 2023 include
Aztec Network, MetaMask, Status, Hyperledger, and Taiko. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

COMPARING THE TOP 5 CHAINS BY ECONOMIC ACTIVITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://polynya.mirror.xyz/1ZTJ3_BG2-wnBTy6dJLM5E3TPH8wvLGKQVDAnv7VLIw?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article argues that economic activity is the most important
metric to evaluate a blockchain on. The author introduces the concepts
of passive and active economic activity. The top two chains, Ethereum
and Bitcoin, have high passive economic activity, storing significant
amounts of value. Ethereum also excels in active economic activity.
The next three contenders, Tron, Arbitrum One, and Binance Smart
Chain, show varying levels of passive and active economic activity.
The author indicates that Bitcoin and Ethereum are far ahead of the
following three chains in terms of economic activity and by the same
token, those three are far ahead of other ecosystems outside of the
top five. It will likely take some creativity and innovation for a new
protocol to break the network effects of these five and make it into
the top five. 

GENSLER SUING CHUCK E. CHEESE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/gensler-suing-chuck-e-cheese?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Gary Gensler, SEC Chairman, faced questions regarding Ethereum's
status as a security during a House Financial Services Committee
hearing, but failed to give a clear answer. The crypto community is
now questioning Gensler's approach to regulation even more, as some
argue it hurts retail investors. Classifying ETH as a security could
at the very least negatively impact its price and have broader
implications for the entire crypto market. However, Ethereum's age and
support from major companies could protect it from such a designation.
Despite this, Gensler continues targeting smaller decentralized
projects, causing confusion and uncertainty in the crypto space.
Fortunately for the crypto community, even some members of Congress
are pushing back against Gensler's approach, which may prompt further
debates on crypto regulation amongst the regulators themselves. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

UNISWAP NEW POOLS WATCHER - A DUNE API DEMO (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/codingtalent/watcher?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

As we mentioned above, the Dune API has been released but it’s new,
so you may have trouble diving in and figuring out how to apply it.
This project was designed as a tutorial to teach you how to use the
Dune API. 

WANT SOME DESIGN IDEAS FOR YOUR CRYPTO APP? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1650677275879411713.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread shares some Midjourney prompts and images for bitcoin
dashboards and UI/UX designs for crypto analytics apps and websites
that could be helpful if you’re looking for inspiration for design
for your app. 

HONG KONG REFLECTIONS: WHAT THE EAST AND WEST CAN LEARN FROM EACH
OTHER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://flywheeloutput.com/p/hong-kong-reflections-what-the-east?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the cultural differences between East and West
in the crypto industry, highlighting the West's focus on ideals like
individualism and decentralization, while the East emphasizes
practicality and efficiency. There are interesting synergies that
could come with combining the two. 

COINBASE TRADING VOLUMES FALL AS REGULATORY UNCERTAINTY WEIGHS (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/XWcDR?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Coinbase has been facing declining trading volumes despite bitcoin's
rally, further intensifying pressures amid an SEC investigation.
Meanwhile, competing DEXs like Uniswap have surpassed Coinbase in
trading volume. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0d83cc0c-e3fa-11ed-a06c-43511ba227a9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682510423&t=1682510872&s=34a855ffecd4c55cd72786e07fe42de55bd5bbf67bf18d44afebc388e1e02646].


 