# Articles TLDR Crypto 23-02-2023

A federal judge has ruled that Dapper Labs NBA-branded "Top Shot" NFTs
might be securities¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=83431aa2-b343-11ed-bd2a-470e70d5c7bd&pt=campaign&t=1677157625&s=a588679b45a465ab358105cb380e547ff4724f9412abd1e4c04b8f5b5b029c1a]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-23

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

NBA-BRANDED 'TOP SHOT MOMENTS' NFTS MAY BE SECURITIES, JUDGE RULES IN
DAPPER LABS CASE (5 MIN READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/02/22/nbas-top-shot-nfts-may-be-securities-judge-rules-in-dapper-labs-case/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A federal judge has ruled that Dapper Labs' NBA-branded "Top Shot"
NFTs might be securities and denied the company's motion to dismiss
the class-action lawsuit against them, as the judge ruled that the
first and second prongs of the Howey Test are met. He concluded that
Dapper Labs' offer of Moments could be an "investment contract" and a
"security", requiring registration with the SEC. Dapper Labs now has
three weeks to respond to the lawsuit. 

LAYER 2 NETWORK ARBITRUM SURPASSES ETHEREUM IN DAILY TRANSACTIONS (2
MIN READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/22/layer-2-network-arbitrum-surpasses-ethereum-in-daily-transactions/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


On Tuesday, Arbitrum surpassed Ethereum in daily transactions and
unique addresses for the first time, increasing its dominance as the
leading L2 rollup. Numerous financial applications have emerged on the
platform, but its one-day fees are still much lower than Ethereum's.
The increased activity may be due to speculation of a potential
Arbitrum airdrop. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ROUTER PROTOCOL NOW HAS ITS OWN L1 BLOCKCHAIN (2 MIN READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/router-protocol-has-blockchain?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Router Protocol has launched the devnet of its own L1, Router Chain,
aiming to address the cross-chain communication problem. Built on the
Cosmos SDK and relying on Tendermint's BFT consensus algorithm, Router
Chain allows for cross-chain dapps and uses a stateful middleware to
enable liquidity to flow between chains. The protocol plans to add at
least 50 external validators in April to increase security and aims to
facilitate mainstream adoption of blockchain technology by improving
interoperability. 

UNISWAP TRADERS CAN NOW BUY NFTS WITH UNI, SHIB OR ANY ETHEREUM TOKEN
(3 MIN READ)
[https://decrypt.co/121876/uniswap-nfts-ethereum-tokens?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap's NFT Marketplace has launched a new feature that lets users
pay for their NFTs with any ERC-20 token. The new feature can simplify
the NFT purchasing process, reduce taxable events, and help sellers
find liquidity more quickly. Although Uniswap has seen some success
with its NFT platform, it has yet to gain significant market share and
is still far behind rivals like Blur and OpenSea. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

LIQUID STAKING LEGALITY (2 MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1628017928405762053.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Two white papers have been published to provide legal research and
analysis of liquid staking tokens. The papers suggest that LSTs for
digital commodities should not be treated as securities, swaps, or
taxable events, and offer four industry principles to promote
responsible growth. These principles include labeling LSTs accurately,
developing tools to enable direct staking, focusing promotion on
expanding liquidity, and refraining from providing investment advice. 

BEYOND HYPE: UNDERSTANDING THE IMPACT OF AIRDROPS ON NFT MARKETPLACE
PERFORMANCE (10 MIN READ)
[https://dune.com/jhackworth/olxb?umt_source=tldr_crypto] 

This dashboard looks at the impact of airdrops from Blur, LooksRare,
and X2Y2 on marketplace performance with a focus on customer
acquisition cost and how the top traders profited from them. While,
overall, the airdrops have generated some increases in volume and user
engagement, they were not enough to generate long-term impact and
users were quick to dump the tokens; however, this hasn‚Äôt been fully
played out with Blur yet. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEPOLIA SHAPELLA ANNOUNCEMENT (3 MIN READ)
[https://blog.ethereum.org/2023/02/21/sepolia-shapella-announcement?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Shanghai-Capella upgrade on the Sepolia testnet, part of a series
of upgrades aimed at enabling ether withdrawals from network
validators, has been officially scheduled for Feb. 28. The upgrade has
already been tested on the Zhejiang testnet, revealing some minor bugs
that have been addressed, and will be followed by a final phase of
testing on the Goerli testnet in March before finally launching on
mainnet. 

DYDX: A NEW ERA FOR DECENTRALIZED PERPETUAL PROTOCOLS (12 MIN READ)
[https://cmsholdings.substack.com/p/dydx?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

DEXs have been gaining more and more traction in light of regulations
around and failures of some centralized exchanges over the past year.
This article runs through the thesis for dYdX and an in-depth
breakdown of the structural dynamics of exchanges including
comparisons between DEXs and CEXs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE ROYALTY WARS (20 MIN READ)
[https://www.decentralised.co/p/the-royalty-wars?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A great breakdown, with rich historical context, on NFT royalties and
how they‚Äôve trended down over time. 

FRAX FINANCE COMMUNITY VOTES FOR COLLATERALIZING ITS $1B STABLECOIN (4
MIN READ)
[https://snapshot.org/#/frax.eth/proposal/0x6d43531f54de3d52ad439dcb6c56e3eae1b833fceb4d484dcb3b20be070ca25d?umt_source=tldr_crypto]


The voting period for Frax Finance‚Äôs FIP-188 concluded Wednesday
with 98% of the community voting for a 100% collateralization ratio of
FRAX, the 5th largest stablecoin. 

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A DEV: ETHEREUM‚ÄôS JUSTIN FLORENTINE (9 MIN
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/02/22/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-dev-ethereums-justin-florentine/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


If you‚Äôve ever wondered what an Ethereum core developer does, this
‚Äúday in the life of‚Äù article gives you a good idea. 

DEVELOPER ACTIVITY SHOWS HEALTHY GROWTH OF THE CRYPTO SPACE (2 MIN
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/02/22/developer-activity-shows-healthy-growth-of-the-crypto-space/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Despite the decline in weekly commits from 2022 to 2023, weekly active
developers across the crypto ecosystem have grown steadily over the
past three years, and have pushed thousands of commits each week this
year to public GitHub repos. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=83431aa2-b343-11ed-bd2a-470e70d5c7bd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677157221&t=1677157625&s=31f93680e4d76975d1918b890ac30a41b53abfe67f5cda85ebef4d882048638f].


¬†