# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-02-2023

Brave has added support for Solana dApps in its mobile browser.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b45637cc-a863-11ed-aed6-0d231eaceef0&pt=campaign&t=1675948000&s=ef5824ee8f57cc70239fd0d34d52c4df9ce4913097ec59b16e5bc88488fe14c4]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-09

SORT OUT YOUR CRYPTO TAX NIGHTMARE. BUILT FOR DEFI AND NFT TRADING
(SPONSOR)
[https://cryptotaxcalculator.io/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-feb]


Backed by Coinbase Ventures with over 150k users, CryptoTaxCalculator
[https://cryptotaxcalculator.io/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-feb]
is the most comprehensive crypto tax software in the market.

	*
Supports 800+ protocols across 87 chains like Ethereum, Solana,
Arbitrum, and Osmosis

	*
Optimised reports mean you donâ€™t overpay on tax

	*
Direct support for TurboTax with coverage for US, Canada, UK, and 20
other countries

Import your wallets, generate your reports and finally sleep easy at
night. TLDR readers can get 20% off any plan using TLDR20.

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

AI TOKEN SEARCH TRAFFIC SPIKES AS CRYPTO TRADERS SEEK EXPOSURE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/08/ai-token-search-traffic-spikes-as-crypto-traders-seek-exposure/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Five of the top six trending cryptocurrencies on CoinGecko on
Wednesday were related to artificial intelligence. Vaiot's VAI,
SingularityNET's AGIX, Fetch.ai's FET, DeepBrain Chain's DBC, and GNY
are all up at least 70% in the past week. AI tokens are garnering
massive interest as traders try to capitalize on recent AI-related
headlines. Google trends show that more people than ever are searching
for ways to invest in AI technologies. 

THE GRAPHâ€™S TOKEN DOUBLES IN 24 HOURS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/the-graph-token-doubles?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Graph Network's GRT token was the best performing token in the top
100 crypto assets on Tuesday, almost doubling in value. Its indexing
protocol helps developers interact with protocols such as Ethereum.
Developers are able to create computer applications and allow programs
to communicate with each other by creating and integrating subgraphs.
Several factors may have contributed to GRT's success, such as Graph's
recent announcement for support of four new blockchains and the latest
AI token rally. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BRAVE ADDS SUPPORT FOR SOLANA ON IOS AND ANDROID (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120900/brave-browser-mobile-solana-support-ios-android?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Brave has added support for Solana dApps in its mobile browser. The
integration will allow users to connect with Solana NFT marketplaces
and cryptocurrency exchanges. It will give users more protection and
remove the need to jump between apps to sign transactions. Improving
the user experience is one of the best ways to onboard new users. 

FLUX FINANCE IS LIVE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/fluxdefi/status/1623381470827147264?s=12&t=02pkPcdVk-vyRCgZZVA6LQ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Flux Finance is now live, providing permissionless lenders everywhere
with on-chain yield from US Treasuries. It enables investors of all
sizes from any location to access yield from tokenized US Treasuries
through stablecoin loans. Lenders can earn interest by supplying
stablecoins to Flux. Users can borrow stablecoins after posting OUSG
as collateral. Supply and borrow rates are algorithmically determined.
If a borrower becomes subject to liquidation, eligible parties can
purchase OUSG from the borrower at a discounted rate. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

MANTLE: UNLOCKING THE POTENTIAL OF MODULAR BLOCKCHAIN SCALING (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xmantle.eth/Sdb3oVrqq7WVRQBqZywGw4JL-anHatSslpoPjRt_g6I?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mantle is a modular layer-2 blockchain built on Ethereum. Its method
of scaling up the blockchain offers Ethereum-grade security at low
costs. The Mantle testnet is live. This article is a guide on Mantle's
key innovations and how the company's technology can improve the
blockchain experience for users and dApps. 

WE'RE HEARING RUMORS THAT THE SEC WOULD LIKE TO GET RID OF CRYPTO
STAKING IN THE U.S. FOR RETAIL CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/brian_armstrong/status/1623459203150131201?s=12&t=02pkPcdVk-vyRCgZZVA6LQ?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


There are rumors that the SEC wants to get rid of crypto staking in
the US for retail customers. Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, argues
that staking is not a security. He says that these technologies should
be encouraged to grow and that it is a matter of national security
that these capabilities be built out in the US. This sort of
regulation will encourage companies to operate offshore. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHILIZ LAUNCHES NATIVE BLOCKCHAIN IN SHIFT AWAY FROM 'JUST BEING A
TOKEN': CEO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120848/chiliz-launches-native-blockchain-shift-away-from-just-being-token-ceo?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Chiliz, the startup behind fan token platform Socios, has launched a
new layer-1 blockchain. The launch of Chiliz Chain 2.0 is accompanied
by a logo rebrand and the project's fifth-anniversary celebrations.
Chiliz Chain 2.0 is a fork of the BNB Chain. It is EVM-compatible. The
Chiliz project aims to go from being just a token to becoming a
blockchain ecosystem. 

LIDO BETS V2 WILL PROVE ITS DEFI CRED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/lido-v2-decentarlization-critics?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Lido has become the leading protocol in DeFi, but it has been
criticized for its method of selecting node operators. Node operators
are chosen by the Lido DAO. Advocates of decentralization have long
argued that node operators should be able to onboard permissionlessly.
Lido V2 is expected to be released this spring, prior to Ethereum's
next upgrade. It will allow a wider range of node operators to join
Lido without needing the DAO's approval. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

IN A TRADEMARK BATTLE BETWEEN AN NFT ARTIST AND A BIG BRAND, HERMÃˆS,
THE ARTIST JUST LOST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/08/in-a-trademark-battle-between-an-nft-artist-and-a-big-brand-hermes-the-artist-just-lost/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Artist Mason Rothschild sold digital versions of the iconic HermÃ¨s
Birkin handbag as NFTs. 

FROM $8 MINT TO $4K FLIP: OPEN EDITION NFTS ARE REENERGIZING THE
MARKET (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120792/open-edition-nfts-reenergizing-market?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Open edition mints are fueling hype due to gamification techniques and
FOMO over potential future rewards. 

BLUR NFT VOLUME BEATS OPENSEA AGAIN, WITH 30% OF THE TRADERS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/blur-opensea-nft-volume-traders-airdrop?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blur's activity is likely being fueled by an airdrop scheme and an
impending token launch. 

ROBINHOOD BOARD AUTHORIZES PURCHASE OF SHARES BOUGHT BY FTXâ€™S SAM
BANKMAN-FRIED, GARY WANG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/08/robinhood-board-authorizes-purchase-of-shares-bought-by-ftxs-sam-bankman-fried-gary-wang/?utm_content=editorial&utm_campaign=coindesk_main&utm_term=organic&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Robinhood will pursue purchasing most or all of the 55 million shares
that Emergent Fidelity Technologies bought in May. 

MAKERDAO CONTRIBUTORS PROPOSE FIRST NATIVE LIQUIDITY MARKET FOCUSED ON
DAI STABLECOIN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/08/makerdao-contributors-propose-first-native-liquidity-market-focused-on-dai-stablecoin/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Spark Protocol is a liquidity market for lending and borrowing crypto
assets focused on DAI proposed by leading MakerDAO community
participants. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b45637cc-a863-11ed-aed6-0d231eaceef0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675947640&t=1675948000&s=063186e572cfe3c75f7c7069af4a67992ad21d1d06acc08f1aa1ea3d42d3683c].


Â 