# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-05-2023

Ethereums beacon chain faced finality issues twice last week  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3b113566-f2e5-11ed-9d55-e11ae67e2651&pt=campaign&t=1684152746&s=4803fa4c3bdc610fb7f91b9a235ad33cc4764a3495954c492210971daaee7b8b]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-15

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS RELEASE PATCHES FOR RECENT BEACON CHAIN FINALITY
ISSUES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/230723/ethereum-beacon-chain-patches-finality-issues?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum's beacon chain faced finality issues twice last week,
prompting developers to release software updates for the Prysm and
Teku clients to restore network stability. While the precise cause is
under investigation, a heavy load on consensus layer clients seems to
have triggered the problem. Despite temporary interruptions in block
finalization, end users didn't experience any transaction issues,
thanks to the diversity of client implementations. The updates were
also deployed quickly, another example of the impressive coordination
between a decentralized group of developers. 

BINANCE.US EXPLORING OPTIONS TO CUT CHANGPENG ZHAO’S STAKE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/binance-us-changpeng-zhao-shares?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance.US and CZ are considering strategies to reduce his significant
ownership stake in the entity to improve the company's standing with
US regulators. Zhao has been attempting to divest at least a part of
his stake in Binance.US since last summer. This news comes amid a
lawsuit from the CFTC, which accused Binance of operating an "illegal"
exchange and circumventing US laws. Company leaders believe reducing
Zhao's stake could enhance the company's image and facilitate
obtaining regulatory licenses. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

VENDING MACHINE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@VendingMachine/vending-machine-d05202e23229?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Vending Machine, a token design studio, has been launched to help
pre-token projects develop their token systems. The studio will focus
on creating token systems that accurately represent the value and
purpose of a token within a network. Recognizing the global economy's
transition to digital verification and authentication, and the
programmable nature of tokens, Vending Machine will support builders
in the pre-token stage, which is often resource-constrained and most
impactful for token design. With this, Vending Machine aims to fill a
gap in the VC model, providing dedicated, intensive support for token
design. 

METAMASK AND PAYPAL, ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT BUYING ETH (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://metamask.io/news/latest/metamask-and-paypal-all-you-need-to-know-about-buying-eth/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MetaMask has introduced PayPal as a payment method for purchasing ETH
within its wallet for users across the US, except Hawaii. This is the
first time PayPal has partnered with a web3 wallet to enable users to
purchase ETH directly with USD. The integration also enables the
transfer of ETH from PayPal to MetaMask. Users can utilize their
PayPal balance, a linked bank account, or a debit card to add ETH
directly to their MetaMask wallet. This new feature looks to simplify
the crypto purchasing process and expand on-ramps for users,
especially those in the US that face increasing difficulty with on and
off-ramps amid regulatory uncertainty in the country. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A BREAKDOWN OF ARBITRUM AND EIP-4844 AS A CATALYST (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1656967833665044480.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this thread, Crypto McKenna breaks down why Arbitrum, an optimistic
rollup L2 on Ethereum, is his largest portfolio holding. Some of the
high-level reasons for this are its growing ecosystem, trading
frameworks, and the potential impact of EIP-4844. Arbitrum has seen a
significant increase in transactions and active addresses since the
start of 2023, with liquidity migration from the Ethereum L1. The
platform is becoming the dominant Ethereum DeFi L2, boasting the
largest TVL, daily transaction count, and user base. The upcoming
Ethereum upgrade, EIP-4844, is expected to further help Arbitrum by
reducing gas fees on Optimistic Rollups by 10-30x. 

ALL ABOUT THE FUTURE OF LSDS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1656637056129589253.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Lido, a decentralized liquid staking platform on Ethereum, is working
on a significant V2 update. The upgrade aims to enhance the staking
experience by introducing a Staking Router architecture and
in-protocol $stETH: $ETH withdrawals. The Staking Router architecture
will provide an improved and more efficient infrastructure for staking
operations. The $stETH: $ETH withdrawals feature will simplify the
withdrawal process, making it more user-friendly and efficient. This
upgrade is expected to boost decentralization, security, and
participation. The vote will end today, and the upgrade will be
implemented thereafter if it passes. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

CRYPTO ADOPTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1657368177389518851.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread goes over the three primary areas of organic demand in the
crypto market that we’ve seen thus far: non-sovereign commodity
money (like Bitcoin), stablecoins, and blockspace for developers.
Bitcoin is seen as a hedge and its volatility is accepted as a given,
but it has proven itself as a sort of insurance against fiat.
Stablecoins have proven useful for active crypto participants to move
funds around the ecosystem, and they have also been helpful for
citizens of countries that have unstable currencies to hold to protect
themselves against inflation. Blockspace has been a hindrance as
current blockchain tech has a limited capacity for usage, so
developers are always in search of more blockspace. 

LAUNCHING A SOLIDITY CONTRACT ON BITCOIN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1657478010696798208.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread provides an overview of the creation of $GM, the first
Solidity smart contract running on Bitcoin, which the author describes
as an on-chain conceptual artwork. The project is an experiment to
combine EVM as the compute layer with Bitcoin as the storage layer. In
the $GM example, the author leveraged Trustless Computer as their EVM
of choice, but any EVM could technically be used. Interestingly, this
design allows users to write to the Bitcoin chain, a transaction that
is then picked up on the EVM side, processed, and then made available
to users to read. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

HOW AN OBSCURE OTC-TRADED DERIVATIVE FROM THE 80'S TOOK OVER CRYPTO (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.everstrike.io/how-an-obscure-otc-traded-derivative-took-over-crypto/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The perpetual future, a financial derivative, evolved from an obscure
product introduced decades ago to a leading crypto derivative trading
over $18T annually, thanks to its unique properties that significantly
reduce transaction costs and basis risk. 

PARADIGM-BACKED NFT OWNERSHIP PLATFORM TESSERA IS SHUTTING DOWN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/05/12/paradigm-backed-nft-ownership-platform-tessera-is-shutting-down/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tessera, a protocol for collective NFT ownership and governance, is
ceasing operations due to unfavorable market scenarios and financial
conditions, according to co-founder Andy Chorlian. 

U.S. CRYPTO FIRMS SET SAIL TO BERMUDA AMID DARK AND STORMY US
REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/230658/us-regulatory-crypto-bermuda?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Amid increasing U.S. regulatory pressure on crypto firms, companies
like Coinbase are considering Bermuda's crypto-friendly regulatory
environment. Bermuda's Digital Asset Business Act provides clear
guidelines, attracting businesses seeking regulatory clarity. 

EU CRYPTO TAX PLANS INCLUDE NFTS, FOREIGN COMPANIES, DRAFT TEXT SHOWS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[/%E2%80%8B%E2%80%8Bhttps://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/05/12/eu-crypto-tax-plans-include-nfts-foreign-companies-draft-text-shows/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The European Union plans to pass a law requiring crypto companies to
share client holdings data with tax authorities, aimed at preventing
tax evasion. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3b113566-f2e5-11ed-9d55-e11ae67e2651&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684152030&t=1684152746&s=d721b2f26666b82460365dd93b93fd62dbe9d648f8448430d8d79d1a225d42e1].


 