# Articles TLDR Crypto 23-01-2023

Genesis recent Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing revealed the companys
largest creditors.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b7fb608c-9b0c-11ed-97fa-1168bb23c8dd&pt=campaign&t=1674479195&s=20040ceb261993d6013cc89d87787e1c9fde07e85b331fcc1fa02612bd7952fc]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-23

3 REASONS TO USE THE 1INCH WALLET AS YOUR ENTRY POINT TO DEFI
(SPONSOR) [https://1inch.network/TLDR] 

	*
Self-custody: Skip the shady middleman â€” you are the sole owner of
your walletâ€™s private keys and assets.

	*
Security: Transparency and protection. Audited by top security firms.
Hardware wallet compatibility.

	*
Universal: A single wallet for major chains and tokens.

Download the 1inch Wallet app for free! [https://1inch.network/TLDR]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

GEMINI, HEDGE FUNDS, AND A DEFI APP: BANKRUPT GENESIS REVEALS LIST OF
CREDITORS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119648/gemini-hedge-funds-defi-app-bankrupt-genesis-reveals-list-creditors?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Genesis' recent Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing revealed the company's
largest creditors. The filing revealed over $3.6 billion of debt.
Gemini is Genesis' largest creditor, with a disputed debt of around
$765.9 million. Its other top creditors include Mirana Corp (~$151.5
million), Moonalpha Financial Services Limited (~$150 million),
Coincident Capital (~$112 million), and Donut (~$78 million). 

EX-FTX.US HEAD RAISES $5M FOR STARTUP MONTHS AFTER EXCHANGE'S COLLAPSE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/20/ex-ftx-us-head-raises-5m-for-startup-months-after-exchange-collapse/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=rss&utm_campaign=headlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Former president of FTX.US Brett Harrison has raised $5 million for a
new crypto startup called Architect. The new startup will build
trading software tailored towards large investors and institutions. It
plans to launch its product in the second quarter. Harrison struggled
to raise funds due to his past association with FTX. He says that he
was not a part of FTX's scheme and that the criminal activity was
concealed from him and the executives at FTX.US. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CIRCLE'S CROSS-CHAIN TRANSFER PROTOCOL (TWITTER THREAD)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/jerallaire/status/1616912607407149057] 

Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) is a permissionless on-chain
utility that can burn native USDC on a source chain and mint native
USDC of the same amount on a destination chain. It can be embedded
into apps to give users a capital-efficient way to transfer USDC
across chains. The CCTP smart contract is designed to allow
composability of additional functionality. It can be used to build
novel cross-chain apps while abstracting complexity away from users. 

PAXOS COURTS MAKERDAO WITH PAYING YIELD FOR HOLDING UP TO $1.5B USDP
STABLECOIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/01/19/paxos-courts-makerdao-with-paying-yield-for-holding-up-to-15b-usdp-stablecoin/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Paxos has proposed paying a steady fee to MakerDAO for holding up to
$1.5 billion of USDP among its reserves. It is offering to pay a daily
marketing fee anchored to 45% of the Effective Federal Funds Rate,
which is currently around 4.3%, if the debt ceiling is at $1.5 billion
or higher. Paxos' proposal would also increase the maximum threshold
of USDP to $2 billion in 2024. MakerDAO will receive an estimated $29
million in annual income if the facility is used at full capacity. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN INCOMPLETE GUIDE TO STEALTH ADDRESSES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/01/20/stealth.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


By default, anything that goes onto a public blockchain is public.
Using Ethereum applications involves making a portion of your life
public for anyone to see and analyze. This article describes the
mechanics and use cases of stealth addresses for improving the state
of privacy on Ethereum. Stealth addresses give the same privacy
properties as generating a fresh address for each transaction without
requiring any interaction from the recipient. 

2022 ECHO BUBBLE - FULL THESIS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/Rewkang/status/1615062480513863689?s=20&t=D1ncgBwnLUBLZktX_1_Pow]


This Twitter Thread presents evidence for a mid-term bottom and an
oncoming echo bubble using technical analysis, on-chain data, and
exchange/derivatives data. While the market is down, we are now in a
period of low volatility. There is still plenty of liquidity for risk
assets, and with many assets currently tied up in bankruptcy
proceedings, supply has been significantly reduced. The overall market
positioning sets up the foundation for a large multi-week to
multi-month echo bubble. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENESIS BANKRUPTCY IS GOING TO REVEAL THE ENTIRE CRYPTO LEVERAGE CYCLE
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/alphaketchum/status/1616326351870431233?s=12&t=lLzTK-I57VTe-shlQBH65g]


This Twitter thread presents a chart that shows the daisy chain of
crypto leverage. It covers the relationships between major entities
such as the SEC, DCG, Three Arrows Capital, Genesis Global, Voyager
Digital, FTX, Alameda Research, and BlockFi. The chart details
purchases, loans, gifts, deals, and more. 

BINANCE SAYS SIGNATURE BANK HAS SET TRANSACTION FLOOR AMID PULLBACK (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/MfYXx?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Binance says that Signature Bank, one of its fiat banking partners,
will no longer support its crypto exchange customers with transactions
of less than $100,000 to decrease its exposure to digital asset
markets. The change is set to be enforced from February 1. Some users
may not be able to use SWIFT bank transfers for amounts of less than
$100,000. No other banking partners are impacted. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

CENTRIFUGE QUIETLY SETS PACE IN REAL WORLD ASSETS RACE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/centrifuge-quietly-sets-pace-in-real-world-assets-race?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Centrifuge has raised $252 million to put debt products on-chain. 

SEC CHARGES MANGO EXPLOITER WITH MARKET MANIPULATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/sec-charges-eisenberg?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Avraham Eisenberg has been charged with market manipulation for
allegedly manipulating Mango Markets' MNGO token. 

REACT NATIVE LENS UI KIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/lens-protocol/react-native-lens-ui-kit?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This repository contains a React Native UI kit for Lens Protocol. 

THIS â€˜CRYPTOQUEENâ€™ SCAMMED INVESTORS OUT OF $4 BILLION, THE FBI
SAYS. THEN SHE BOARDED A PLANE AND DISAPPEARED (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/01/22/business/ruja-ignatova-cryptoqueen-fbi-most-wanted-cec/index.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ruja Ignatova, self-titled 'Cryptoqueen', was the owner of OneCoin, a
pyramid scheme that defrauded people out of more than $4 billion. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b7fb608c-9b0c-11ed-97fa-1168bb23c8dd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674478847&t=1674479195&s=a8a0584959f795cd06d38f0883dc64a3c1cd218c0c7ea9005ae06e68902a30de].


Â 