# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-05-2023

Ledgers new recovery tool, Ledger Recover, allows encrypted shards of
a users seed phrase to be sent to third parties for recovery  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f6ab313a-f481-11ed-8dbb-bfbe3718379d&pt=campaign&t=1684325507&s=f800bb1504f19038feab8b1404c09c8ffc06a180eb1d2bdf56c66fd6e4c26551]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-17

BUILD COMPLIANT WEB3 PROJECTS - ON AUTOPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


The crypto wild west is over. Compliance and security are critical to
protect your business and gain user trust. Get audit-ready with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:

	*
Ditch the manual screenshots and spreadsheets for a smoother,
automated workflow.

	*
Simplify complex frameworks like GDPR, SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA,
with pre-mapped controls and requirements
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

	*
Communicate directly with your auditor through the Audit Hub.
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

	*
Access 75+ integrations: cloud service providers, security awareness
solutions, developer tools.

	*
Save up to 200+ hours of repetitive work.

Try Drata today with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrcrpyto_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LEDGER DEFENDS CRYPTO WALLET RECOVERY TOOL AGAINST HOSTILE REACTION
FROM SECURITY EXPERTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/230992/ledger-defends-crypto-wallet-recovery-tool?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ledger's new recovery tool, Ledger Recover, which allows encrypted
shards of a user's seed phrase to be sent to third parties for
recovery, has sparked concerns among users and security experts.
Critics fear that the shards could be reconstructed by the companies
receiving them, exposing the keys. Ledger, however, insists that the
decryption can only happen on the user's device after identity
verification. The Paris-based company plans to charge $9.99 a month
for the service, which will initially be available in the US, UK, EU,
and Canada. 

SEC RESPONDS TO COINBASE REQUEST FOR ACTION: ‘NO’ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sec-responds-to-coinbase-request-for-action-no?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The SEC has responded to Coinbase's recent demands for clear crypto
industry regulations, stating that Coinbase does not have the right to
dictate the SEC's timeline for action. The SEC argues that
deliberation over significant changes, like those requested by
Coinbase, requires time, especially considering the Commission’s
active regulatory and enforcement agenda. Coinbase filed their suit in
response to a Wells Notice received in March, related to the
exchange's Wallet and Prime services. The SEC contends that Coinbase's
desire for immediate action does not entitle it to special relief. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FLASHBOTS IS NOW OFFERING ITS USERS FRONTRUNNING PROTECTION (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/flashbots-frontrunning-protection?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Flashbots, the leading MEV research shop, has launched a new service
aimed helping wallet and dapp users avoid being frontrun by MEV bots.
The tool, Flashbots Protect, offers front-running protection by
allowing users to send their transactions privately to miners,
bypassing the public mempool. Users can implement this by changing
their wallet's RPC settings. The team is also working on projects for
improved inclusion rates, more efficient MEV payments, and enhanced
transaction privacy. 

THE FIRST FULLY-AUDITED AND PERMISSIONLESS ERC-20 PAYMASTER IN THE
ECOSYSTEM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658597090409209859.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Pimlico has introduced its fully-audited and permissionless ERC-20
Paymaster. This new tool allows users to pay for transaction fees
purely in ERC-20 tokens like USDC, without intermediaries. The
Paymaster sponsors gas fees for a user operation if the smart contract
wallet reimburses the Paymaster in an ERC-20 token. The Paymaster is
entirely open-source and audited, ensuring it's safe and transparent.
It supports any token on any EVM chains with Chainlink support. In
addition, a comprehensive guide and a Typescript SDK are available to
help users and developers implement this solution. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

COMPARING MODULAR BLOCKCHAINS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1657037245931569152.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread compares the architectures of different modular
blockchains including Polygon, Avalanche, Polkadot, Cosmos, and Besu,
exploring different components such as consensus mechanisms, validator
admission, computational throughput, transaction latency, costs,
network topology, governance, developability, shared security,
interoperability, and tokenomics. It highlights the strengths and
weaknesses of each platform, including unique features like Polygon's
batching for lower gas costs, Polkadot's hierarchical security model,
and Avalanche's subnet level security. It also notes differences in
governance models, interoperability with EVM-compatible networks, and
the use of different tokens for securing networks and transactions. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO ZKML ECOSYSTEM LANDSCAPE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658087354773671936.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread provides an in-depth look at the Zero-Knowledge Machine
Learning ecosystem. ZKML solutions, bolstered by blockchain, may
address trust issues in machine learning inferences. The ZKML
landscape can be broken down into seven categories: Hardware
Acceleration, Data Input, Inference, Decentralized Training,
Computation, Tooling, and Use Cases. Companies like Cysic, Ulvetanna,
and Ingo are building hardware to accelerate proof generation. Others
like Gensyn and FedML are focusing on decentralized training networks.
The thread also highlights use cases such as Worldcoin's
privacy-preserving models and ModulusLab's on-chain AI trading bot,
RockyBot. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE RISE OF FTX, AND SAM BANKMAN-FRIED, WAS A GREAT STORY. ITS
IMPLOSION IS EVEN BETTER. (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/ahqBv?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

As was reported last year, Michael Lewis is releasing a book about the
rise and fall of Sam Bankman-Fried, the founder of FTX, one of the
largest cryptocurrency exchanges. Titled "Going Infinite: The Rise and
Fall of a New Tycoon," the book recounts how Lewis, initially
introduced to Bankman-Fried by a friend, became an observer of an
unfolding scandal. FTX faced a spectacular collapse, with
Bankman-Fried accused of money laundering, bribery, and fraudulent
schemes. Lewis, having shadowed Bankman-Fried for about a year,
captured the unfolding events. The book is due to release on October
3. 

HONG KONG'S CRYPTO LICENSING REGIME EXPECTED TO LAUNCH NEXT MONTH (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/138158/hong-kongs-crypto-licensing-regime-expected-launch-next-month?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Hong Kong is set to launch a crypto licensing regime next month,
aiming to become a leading crypto hub. The Securities and Futures
Commission will release final guidelines for crypto exchanges in May.
The new rules, expected to allow retail investors to trade major
cryptocurrencies from June 1, were formed after a public consultation
process. Currently, investors with portfolios under $1 million face
restrictions in trading. The SFC is also exploring other digital asset
applications, including a central bank digital currency. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

WHO WILL DRIVE ENS MASS ADOPTION? (22 MINUTES)
[https://mirror.xyz/thecap.eth/BPL7vjRy9ZByxjicKA7E5ZCsjvtlthmLRWUhzsd03Jg?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article explains the areas of support ENS will require to be
adopted by the masses. Interestingly, the author believes some of the
most important vectors to reach the masses will be adoption by
centralized services like CEXs, API providers, gaming companies, etc. 

DIGITAL FINANCE: COUNCIL ADOPTS NEW RULES ON MARKETS IN CRYPTO-ASSETS
(MICA) (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2023/05/16/digital-finance-council-adopts-new-rules-on-markets-in-crypto-assets-mica/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The EU has adopted the Markets in Crypto-assets (MiCA) regulation,
creating an EU-wide framework to enhance transparency and prevent
misuse in the crypto sector. 

ORIGIN PROTOCOL ENTERS COMPETITIVE ETHER YIELD MARKET WITH OETH
OFFERING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/05/16/origin-protocol-enters-competitive-ether-yield-market-with-oeth-offering/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Origin Protocol is launching Origin Ether, an ether derivative
enabling holders to earn yield from staking ether. The yield-boosting
token can be minted via ether or liquid staking derivative deposits. 

OPTIMISM’S MAJOR ‘BEDROCK’ UPGRADE SET FOR JUNE 6 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/optimism-mainnet-bedrock-upgrade-june-6?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Optimism, an L2 scaling solution, is set to implement its Bedrock
upgrade on June 6, aiming for reduced transaction fees, enhanced
network security, and better Ethereum compatibility. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f6ab313a-f481-11ed-8dbb-bfbe3718379d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684324919&t=1684325507&s=57cda054e5948074ff4dc008ec4f1f6906183642472cf2a3826d2a01008eecfb].


 