# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-10-2023

A $20 million tokenized loan on decentralized lending platform
Goldfinch has turned sourÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=541ff99c-673f-11ee-9bb6-7f086b8e4f8c&pt=campaign&t=1696939738&s=f01f63a73fee446d63f26d14f95816f19091f92527bae0bc83444b0cd0303afd]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-10

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE, OKX, AND BINANCE PARTNER WITH UK FIRMS AS REGULATIONS COME
INTO FORCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/255431/coinbase-okx-and-binance-partner-with-uk-firms-as-regulations-come-into-force?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Crypto exchanges Coinbase, OKX, and Binance are partnering with UK
firms Archax and Rebuilding Society to comply with the Financial
Conduct Authority's new marketing rules. The collaborations are
expected to allow the exchanges to carry on serving UK customers from
abroad. Meanwhile, the FCA has blacklisted other exchanges, such as
HTX and KuCoin. 

REAL-WORLD ASSET LOAN WORTH $20M SOURS ON DEFI PLATFORM GOLDFINCH,
BRINGING RWA LENDING UNDER SCRUTINY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/10/09/real-world-asset-loan-worth-20m-sours-on-defi-platform-goldfinch-bringing-rwa-lending-under-scrutiny/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


A $20 million tokenized loan on decentralized lending platform
Goldfinch has turned sour, with $7 million at risk of loss. Fintech
credit fund Stratos, the borrower, allocated $5 million to a
struggling real-estate tech firm, while $2 million was invested in
undisclosed digital assets. The loan's underwriter, Warbler Labs, will
cover losses. This incident has caused people to question the
legitimacy of the underwriting capabilities of RWA protocols. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BITVM: COMPUTE ANYTHING ON BITCOIN (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitvm.org/bitvm.pdf?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

BitVM, a new computing framework, allows the execution of
Turing-complete Bitcoin contracts without needing to modify the
network's consensus rules. Instead of running computations on Bitcoin,
they're validated, similar to optimistic rollups. If any false claims
are made, a verifier can enact a succinct fraud proof to punish the
false claimer. The framework can potentially give Bitcoin some smart
contract-like capabilities and create a bridge between BTC and other
chains. 

FRAX TAPS TREASURY YIELDS WITH NEW STAKING VAULT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/frax-v3-stablecoin-sfrax-treasury-yields?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


FRAX is launching staked FRAX, a high-yield product offering a 10%
starting yield. Many stablecoins were not built for high-interest rate
environments, so this is an attempt to be more competitive with TradFi
offerings in the new, higher rate regime. The product is the outcome
of a partnership between FRAX and FinresPBC that has allowed Frax to
purchase treasury bills. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HIRING A WEB3 COMMUNITY MANAGER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/jakerr.eth/EpAHN36-otzo_gAZMKfo76YvFczEbw1fb5K3GBThxQU?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This post discusses when and why to bring a community manager on board
for your crypto startup, the varied responsibilities they might take
on depending on the sector a company is in, and key qualities to look
for in candidates, including internet nativity, communication skills,
and professional competence. The post aims to help understand and
leverage the new dynamics of community-building that crypto enables. 

A BRIEF INTRO TO COPROCESSORS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://crypto.mirror.xyz/BFqUfBNVZrqYau3Vz9WJ-BACw5FT3W30iUX3mPlKxtA?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Decentralized applications face restrictions in performing intricate
computations due to Ethereum's limited processing abilities, forcing
many platforms to conduct tasks off-chain. This blog post describes
how innovations from companies like Axiom and RiscZero are now
presenting secure solutions for complex computations through the
development of coprocessors. These customizable, specialized
processors let applications perform niche workloads efficiently,
significantly boosting performance. As the number of decentralized
applications grows, these off-chain computations could become a
critical aspect of their functionality. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MAGNITUDE AND DIRECTION OF LIDO ATTACK VECTORS (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.ethereum.org/@mikeneuder/magnitude-and-direction?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This article analyzes potential risks associated with Lido, a liquid
staking solution for Ethereum, and Ethereum itself due to malicious
strategies by Lido participants. The strategies, which could be
launched by stETH holders, Lido node operators, and LDO token holders,
range from governance griefing to coordinated slashing to minting
unlimited stETH. Explicit attacks seem to harm Lido more than
Ethereum. Implicit "soft power" attacks, which could subtly erode
certain norms and standards, should be more urgently addressed. 

ADDRESSING THE TOUGHEST PROBLEMS IN CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/purplepill3m/status/1711430269281198137?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This thread summarizes some of the key issues in crypto that a16z
recently highlighted, including limitations on atomic composability
and shared sequencing, the inability of DePIN projects to verify
off-chain events, the complexity of analyzing the efficiency of
polynomial commitment schemes, the need for compliant programmable
privacy in DeFi, the challenges in optimal LVR mitigation, the design
of the MEV transaction supply chain, and the potential use of
blockchain technology for deepfake protection. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

INSIDE FTXâ€™S ALL-NIGHT RACE TO STOP A $1 BILLION CRYPTO HEIST (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/ftx-1-billion-crypto-heist/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


It is well known that FTX was exploited for $500 million in the midst
of its epic collapse - this article tells the details of how
consultants swooped in to prevent the exploit from being even larger
than it was. 

AXIE INFINITY: STILL THE DOMINANT FORCE IN WEB3 GAMING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ggchronicles.com/p/axie-infinity-still-the-dominant?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This post details how Axie Infinity remains the leading force in web3
gaming, boasting impressive monthly active users and trading activity.
Despite high expectations, no new games have surpassed its dominance. 

BINANCE INTRODUCES COPY TRADING FEATURE FOR FUTURES MARKETS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/255396/binance-introduces-copy-trading-feature-for-futures-markets?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Binance, the world's largest crypto exchange, has introduced a copy
trading feature for futures markets, allowing users to follow the
strategies of experienced traders. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=541ff99c-673f-11ee-9bb6-7f086b8e4f8c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696939248&t=1696939738&s=83b231e33561a3474fca9ae459ef2a90018f57eab94d09692c271daa6af813e0].


Â 