# Articles TLDR Crypto 03-02-2023

A review of documents dating back several years by the Wall Street
Journal provides the most comprehensive view yet of the four men
behind Tether.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c4a2489e-a3b5-11ed-b607-4f354f26462b&pt=campaign&t=1675429593&s=5696b5fa4bd3667c0322dc5f798b93b5433a01d2321976b3c1561051aee074e0]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-03

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO WINTER LED TO 91% PLUNGE IN VC AND OTHER INVESTMENTS FOR
JANUARY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/02/crypto-winter-led-to-91-plunge-in-vc-and-other-investments-for-january/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Investment in cryptocurrency companies dropped significantly in
January this year compared to January 2022. Transactions decreased
from 166 in January 2022 to 62 last month. There were 17 deals that
were worth over $100 million in January 2022 and only one so far this
year. Investments this January mainly centered around smaller,
early-stage enterprises. It is possible that some of these investments
had already begun to raise money prior to the FTX's collapse in
November. 

TETHER OWNERSHIP AND COMPANY WEAKNESSES REVEALED IN DOCUMENTS (11
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/0xx2x?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Tether Holdings Ltd. is at the center of crypto's financial world.
With a market cap of $68 billion, more USDT is traded each day than
bitcoin. A review of documents dating back several years by the Wall
Street Journal provides the most comprehensive view yet of the four
men behind Tether. This article discusses Tether's ownership
structure, the company's history, how its assets are managed, and
more. Tether's founders and owners are from diverse backgrounds and
have limited experience in financial ventures of this scale. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OP TOKEN SURGES 25% AS OPTIMISM FOUNDATION PROPOSES 'BEDROCK' UPGRADE
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/02/op-token-surges-25-as-optimism-foundation-proposes-bedrock-upgrade/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A proposal for a mainnet upgrade to Optimism aimed at improving
performance and functionality was submitted on Wednesday. The proposal
offers a new level of modularity, simplicity, and Ethereum equivalence
for layer 2 solutions. It claims that the changes could lead to an
explosion in the number of layer 2 protocols. The community will
discuss the proposal before voting on it in two weeks. If approved,
the upgrade will be implemented on March 15 at 9 am PT. Optimism's OP
token has rallied by 200% in the last four weeks. 

OPENSEA RELEASES SUITE OF NEW TOOLS FOR CREATOR NFT DROPS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/02/opensea-releases-suite-of-new-tools-for-creator-nft-drops/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


OpenSea has launched its next phase of Drops, providing creators with
a suite of tools to manage their own minting experience. The tools
allow creators to deploy smart contracts across EVM chains, configure
drop mechanics, personalize landing pages, and more. They will be
available to select creators in the coming weeks. A link to a form to
request early access to the toolkit is available in the article. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SOME SAY REAL ALPHA IS FOUND ON GITHUB (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DeFiMinty/status/1620828647681572865?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


GitHub is a treasure trove for finding new projects and updates. It
might seem daunting, but the site is pretty easy to use. This Twitter
thread covers how to navigate GitHub, star repos, build a follower
web, and access educational content. The main alpha that can be
acquired from GitHub is new repositories. Commit history can give
insight into project health and development progress. 

MAKER GOVERNANCE APPROVED THE CREATION OF A NEW SPECIAL PURPOSE FUND
CALLED THE DEFENSE FUND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/MakerDAO/status/1620795626349887488?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Maker Governance has approved the creation of the Defense Fund, a 5
million DAI fund intended to reimburse participants of MakerDAO for
their legal defense costs if they become subject to legal or
regulatory action directly related to MakerDAO activities. Coverage
will initially be provided to Recognized Delegates, Core Unit
Facilitators, Core Unit permanent contributors, and active MKR
holders. An external technical committee, made up of insurance and
risk management experts, will oversee all claims and payouts.
Comptrollers will analyze the committee's recommendations and decide
whether to accept or reject payouts. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

BONQDAO PROTOCOL SUFFERS $120M LOSS AFTER ORACLE HACK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/bonqdao-protocol-suffers-120m-loss-after-oracle-hack?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


BonqDAO was the recent victim of an oracle hack that resulted in an
estimated $120 million loss. The exploit enabled the attacker to
manipulate the price of AllianceBlock's ALBT token, permitting them to
mint large amounts of BEUR. The BEUR was then swapped for other tokens
on Uniswap. This reduced ALBT's price to almost zero, triggering the
liquidation of ALBT troves. BonqDAO has paused the protocol and all
liquidity has been removed while the team works on a recovery
solution. No smart contracts were exploited on AllianceBlock.
AllianceBlock will mint new ALBT tokens to compensate those affected
by the exploit. 

EX-APP STORE DIRECTOR: 'APPLE HAD A PROBLEM WITH CRYPTO FROM DAY ONE'
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120474/ex-app-store-director-apple-problem-with-crypto?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


It is particularly difficult for crypto companies and projects to get
listed in Apple's App Store. This is not accidental, according to the
former App Store director. Apple's guidelines are deliberately
unclear. This has allowed the company to act as a gatekeeper and
enforce a strict policy against crypto and NFTs. Any NFTs bought
in-app are subject to Apple's 30% fee. Developers are not allowed to
offer workarounds to evade the fee. NFTs viewed through an app are not
allowed to unlock any additional content or in-app features. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE PROMISES OF BLOCKCHAIN GAMING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.banklesshq.com/p/the-promises-of-blockchain-gaming?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the state of blockchain gaming and what
permissionless innovation can do for the average gamer. 

EMERGING NFT INFRA TO FOLLOW 🔥 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://metaversal.banklesshq.com/p/emerging-nft-infra-to-follow?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This post looks at a handful of new NFT projects that have recently
launched or started to gain traction like never before. 

DECENTRALIZED TWITTER ALTERNATIVE GOES LIVE ON APPLE'S APP STORE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/decentralized-twitter-alternative-goes-live-on-apple-s-app-store?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Damus app, powered by Nostr, which uses decentralized relays to
distribute end-to-end encrypted messages, has been approved on Apple's
App Store after at least three rejections. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c4a2489e-a3b5-11ed-b607-4f354f26462b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675429240&t=1675429593&s=fc9af64413fa5b2fa8998275b50f35611b3f16cac32c104c5f5cfb16e071985f].


 