# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-03-2023

Arbitrum announced it will be airdropping 12.75% of its governance
token (ARB) supply to community members on March 23  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f4023baa-c49c-11ed-b2c7-695101d9f5c6&pt=campaign&t=1679054827&s=ccf7df697eefc8219eecac78ff5051af742a6fe510f26dc9512550918d061b27]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-17

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

ARBITRUM’S LONG-AWAITED AIRDROP TO GO LIVE NEXT WEEK, WITH
SELF-EXECUTING DAO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/220486/arbitrums-long-awaited-airdrop-to-go-live-next-week-with-self-executing-dao?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Arbitrum announced it will be airdropping 12.75% of its governance
token (ARB) supply to community members on March 23, aiming to
decentralize its network. ARB will govern the Arbitrum One and Nova
networks through a self-executing DAO, which automatically applies
on-chain protocol upgrades. Offchain Labs has also released Arbitrum
Orbit for building Layer 3 networks on top of Arbitrum, providing
higher throughput at low costs. The airdrop will distribute tokens to
users, DAOs, and Protocol Guild, with 42.8% going to the Arbitrum
Foundation. 

FIDELITY INVESTMENTS HAS OPENED BITCOIN TRADING TO THE PUBLIC DURING
ONGOING BANKING CRISIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[/%E2%80%8B%E2%80%8Bhttps://bitcoinmagazine.com/business/fidelity-has-opened-bitcoin-trading-to-the-public?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Fidelity Investments has expanded its offerings by launching the
Fidelity Crypto platform to the public, enabling customers to buy and
sell bitcoin and ether. While users cannot transfer their coins to
self-custody wallets at this time, the company has hinted at the
possibility of this feature in the future. Forgoing fees directly to
the consumer, the platform will take up to a 1% spread on trades.
Despite facing criticism from some senators, Fidelity remains
undeterred in regard to entering the cryptocurrency market. However,
amid the current banking crisis, concerns about the importance of
self-custody and users controlling their private keys persist. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AVAIL EMBARKS ON ITS JOURNEY TO EMPOWER ROLLUP AND APPLICATION
BLOCKCHAIN COMMUNITIES WITH HIGHLY SCALABLE, MODULAR CONSENSUS LAYER
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.availproject.org/avail-embarks-on-its-journey-to-empower-rollup-and-application-blockchain-communities-with-highly-scalable-modular-consensus-layer/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Avail, a modular consensus layer, is spinning off from Polygon
Foundation and Polygon Labs to operate independently. Avail enables
developers to build fast, efficient, and scalable blockchains or
applications with any execution environment. It provides a base
consensus layer that ensures transaction sequence availability. As a
protocol-agnostic and open-source project, Avail aims to be
community-owned under a decentralized model. The platform's public
testnet is live, and announcements regarding its roadmap and public
mainnet plans will follow soon. 

SALESFORCE ROLLS OUT PLATFORM FOR BIG BRANDS TO CREATE NFT LOYALTY
PROGRAMS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/123628/salesforce-web3-big-brands-nft-loyalty-programs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Salesforce has introduced Salesforce web3, an NFT management platform
that enables businesses to create token-based loyalty programs.
Clients can mint and sell NFTs, monitor blockchain activity, and
access real-time customer data. The platform's launch follows a
successful pilot program with brands like Crown Royal, Scotch & Soda,
and Mattel. The service is designed to be blockchain agnostic,
supporting proof-of-stake chains, with most clients using Ethereum or
Polygon. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

CRYPTO LONG & SHORT: FINDING ALPHA IN AI-RELATED CRYPTO (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/03/15/crypto-long-short-finding-alpha-in-ai-related-crypto/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


After taking a breather for a bit, the AI theme is heating back in
crypto alongside the buzz about the newly released GPT-4 (even though
they are hardly related). This article discusses the potential of
lesser-known, small-cap AI crypto projects, comparing the process of
researching small and microcap oil and gas companies to digital assets
and AI. It highlights three crypto AI projects and their price action
as of late: SingularityNET (AGIX), Render Token (RNDR), and Fetch.ai
(FET). The author argues that opportunities for alpha are more likely
to be found in lesser-known assets that are waiting to take center
stage, as AI was a few years ago. 

HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO SECURITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635692405495324673.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread focuses on web3 security, underlining its significance and
providing implementation suggestions. Key aspects include
understanding security properties, setting protection goals, and using
tools and practices like design principles, test-driven development,
security tools, audits, contests, bug bounties, insurance, and
post-launch monitoring. Emphasizing continuous improvement and
adaptability, the thread encourages learning from others' experiences
and exercising caution in the face of new challenges. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

KAISEKI - AN ARTHUR HAYES ESSAY (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.medium.com/kaiseki-b15230bdd09e?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This essay highlights how we got to where we are now starting with
COVID-19 all the way to the recent instability in the banking system
we have been experiencing. The US nationalized corporate credit
markets and flooded the system with liquidity in response to COVID-19.
Stimulus checks boosted the economy, encouraging risk-taking among
asset speculators, leading to a massive bull market and giving rise to
inflation. Banks then took on duration risk as interest rates remained
near 0%. As inflation rose, the Fed increased interest rates, causing
bond prices to fall and banks to face losses. Depositors started
leaving regional banks for higher-yielding alternatives, forcing banks
to sell assets at a loss. This led to the failure of Silvergate and
SVB, highlighting the vulnerability of the US regional banking sector
and a larger crisis the US could be facing. 

U.S. FEDERAL RESERVE’S REAL-TIME PAYMENTS SYSTEM COMING IN JULY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/15/us-federal-reserves-real-time-payments-system-coming-in-july/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The US Federal Reserve will launch its FedNow Service in July, a
real-time payments system designed to reduce delays in clearing
financial transactions between institutions. The system will operate
24/7, providing immediate access to funds. While many view FedNow as
the logical next step before a CBDC, the service’s core value
proposition of instant transferability could reduce the need for a
CBDC. Surprisingly, the new system could actually end up benefiting
crypto traders by facilitating quicker funding and withdrawals,
creating more efficient rails. 

TLDR CRYPTO READER SURVEY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/dbmCgumH#nonce=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681]


How can we make the TLDR Crypto newsletter better? Please fill out
this quick 4-question survey so we can improve! 🙏 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

FTX TRANSFERRED OVER $3.2B TO BANKMAN-FRIED, OTHER EXECS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/ftx-transferred-money-bankman-fried?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FTX’s new management team revealed that the Company had disbursed
$3.2 billion to key employees prior to bankruptcy, including $2.2
billion to SBF. 

A BREAKDOWN OF GCR’S TRADE ON THE USDC DEPEGGING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/0xjaypeg/status/1635697951166038037?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


When USDC depegged last weekend, traders rushed to leverage long the
stablecoin speculating that it would repeg to $1 in the near-term;
however, simply buying spot or leveraged ETH could have offered a
better risk-reward profile. 

THE WALLET OF TOMORROW (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/dylsteck.eth/23ArwogYnaAsq0KvdPGXLApTB0rxL10XQdzt6VOm3SY?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses how ERC-4337 has the potential to revolutionize
on-chain interactions by addressing wallet and account issues,
improving user experiences, and enabling new use cases. Ultimately
these improvements could reduce friction and pave the way for the
mainstream adoption of web3. 

THE MEME-UTILITY SPECTRUM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seedclub.xyz/posts/the-meme-utility-spectrum?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article highlights the trade-off between a token's tangible
utility and intangible memetic value. It argues that early-stage
projects should lean into memetics when designing their tokenomics to
attract believers and differentiate from the crowd. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f4023baa-c49c-11ed-b2c7-695101d9f5c6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679054422&t=1679054827&s=3987205fba5007f9ed1d603ecdf6048c5b8ab8bfb30d57ddbf1c979b2f2b25b5].


 