# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-02-2023

Developers on the Cardano network have pushed forward with the launch
of DJED, an overcollateralized stablecoin.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b3d8cc18-a21b-11ed-b967-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&t=1675256786&s=71cc7872d9e4868f2534011ac31f2d0bcba72068b9bb20325ef2e65772e385be]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-01

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

ROLLUP WARS: BATTLE RAGES FOR THE FUTURE OF ETHEREUM SCALING (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/rollup-wars-optimistic-vs-zk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ethereum's top teams are debating whether Optimistic or Zero-Knowledge
Rollups will end up as the leading layer 2 solution. Optimistic
Rollups use a seven-day delay for withdrawals to mainnet in order to
detect fraud, with validators posting collateral that can be slashed
if they submit false transactions. ZK Rollups offer faster
transactions and more privacy, but they are not currently compatible
with the Ethereum Virtual Machine. Optimistic Rollups can support both
EVM and non-EVM contracts. 

CELSIUS' BUSINESS MODEL DIFFERENT FROM THAT ADVERTISED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/celsius-business-model-different-that-advertised-us-bankruptcy-examiner-2023-01-31/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Celsius Network has been accused of not delivering on its advertised
business model and promises surrounding its native CEL token. It
gathered crypto deposits from retail customers and invested them in
the equivalent of the wholesale crypto market. Celsius' use of
customer deposits to purchase stablecoins created a billion-dollar
hole in its assets. A deficit of $1.19 billion was listed on its
balance sheet when it filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors
in July last year. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ADA-BACKED ALGORITHMIC STABLECOIN DJED LAUNCHED ON CARDANO (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ada-backed-algorithmic-stablecoin-djed-launched-on-cardano?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The fall of Terra caused many crypto users to become weary of
algorithmic stablecoins. The market for these assets has dropped
tenfold since its peak before the Terra incident. Despite this,
developers on the Cardano network have pushed forward with the launch
of DJED, an overcollateralized stablecoin. DJED is pegged to USD and
backed by Cardano's native coin ADA. It was released on the Cardano
mainnet on January 31st by Coti, a DeFi solutions developer. DJED was
under development for over a year and has successfully completed a
security audit. 

IMMUTABLEX TO LAUNCH ALL-IN-ONE PASSPORT SYSTEM TO ONBOARD NEW GAMERS
INTO WEB3 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/01/31/immutablex-to-launch-all-in-one-passport-solution-to-onboard-new-gamers-into-web3/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


ImmutableX's Immutable Passport will provide an all-in-one way for
gaming studios to onboard gamers into web3. The Passport is a
non-custodial wallet, gamer profile, and authentication solution that
does not require a password at sign-on. Immutable will not hold onto
private keys nor will it be involved in signing transactions. The
Immutable Passport features fraud protection and seamless
authentication across web3 games and marketplaces. Any studio that
integrates Passport will have access to active players in the
ImmutableX ecosystem. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

UNLOCKING PROOF OF HUMANITY WITH NON-FINANCIAL NFTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://decent.mirror.xyz/rN-gOie8Pnfx0-dbpIDiywRCxWid6q8INVO09HB-Ymc?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The bear market has provided a wake-up call to the NFT world and
non-financial NFTs may finally take their place in the spotlight. This
article discusses non-financial NFTs, how they can be used, and issues
with implementing them. There are three categories of non-financial
NFTs: credentialing, brand distribution, and utilitarian. These NFTs
are primarily used to provide a wallet with a trait. The more traits a
wallet has, the more its identity comes into focus. 

CONSENSUS CANON (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/consensus-canon/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Consensus protocols are an integral part of blockchain. This article
contains a list of links to help readers get up to date with the most
recent research. The links are divided by type of protocol:
synchronous, partially synchronous, asynchronous, DAG, and
permissionless. General resources that provide an overview of existing
research are available. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

BLUR REPORTEDLY FINDS LOOPHOLE IN OPENSEA'S BLOCKLIST AS MARKETPLACE
WAR ESCALATES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/01/31/blur-reportedly-finds-loophole-in-openseas-blocklist-as-marketplace-war-escalates/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blur has found a loophole to bypass collections blocklisted by
OpenSea. OpenSea's royalty enforcement tool was designed to prevent
creators from having their collections listed on marketplaces that
don't honor creator royalties. Blur created a new marketplace with the
ability to list collections with enforced royalties using Seaport,
bypassing OpenSea's blocklist rule. The market's ability to bypass
OpenSea's royalty enforcement tool could threaten OpenSea's share of
the overall trading volume. 

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS TO LAUNCH NEW TESTNET â€˜ZHEJIANGâ€™ FOR
SIMULATING ETH WITHDRAWALS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/31/ethereum-developers-to-launch-new-testnet-zhejiang-for-simulating-eth-withdrawals/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ethereum developers will open a new test network called 'Zhejiang'
today. Zhejiang will allow users to test Ethereum Improvement
Proposal-4895, which allows staked ether to be withdrawn. Users will
initially only be able to deposit ETH to validators. Withdrawals will
be available from February 7. The Zhejiang testnet replaces the
Shandong testnet, which was closed due to the inclusion of EIPs
related to EVM Object Format. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

INTRODUCING SOVEREIGN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/sovlabs.eth/V-nUycehpu-cwCRaStz7984mYGOKpRGMyC-tTDaQIsk?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Sovereign is an open, interconnected rollup ecosystem. 

WORMHOLE WINS VOTE TO BE UNISWAPâ€™S DESIGNATED BRIDGE TO BNB CHAIN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/31/wormhole-wins-vote-to-be-uniswaps-designated-bridge-to-bnb-chain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Wormhole will be Uniswap's crypto bridge platform when its version 3
arrives on the BNB Chain, which will be before April 1. 

STRUCTURED FINANCE PLATFORM INTAIN OPENS TOKENIZED MARKETPLACE FOR
ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/31/structured-finance-platform-intain-opens-tokenized-marketplace-for-asset-backed-securities/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


IntainMarkets is built as an Avalanche Subnet, meaning it has its own
rules for membership and tokenomics. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b3d8cc18-a21b-11ed-b967-9b9d338510f2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675256440&t=1675256786&s=fad5bcdbdddfbea87080b9db2f50bbe8fb337b22e91edefd747318f6faf45cc9].


Â 