# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-06-2023

The SEC has filed 13 charges against the worlds largest crypto
exchange, Binance, and its founder CZ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7d982670-043c-11ee-8ef1-e53750a6576d&pt=campaign&t=1686053342&s=59073fe904b06d49a34324bdbc349d49fd13e3799031dcd1d1de9aa33f4a86f6]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-06

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC SUES BINANCE AND CEO CHANGPENG ZHAO FOR U.S. SECURITIES VIOLATIONS
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/05/sec-sues-binance-and-ceo-changpeng-zhao-for-us-securities-violations.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The SEC has filed 13 charges against the world's largest crypto
exchange, Binance, and its founder CZ. The SEC alleges that Binance
has violated securities laws, commingled billions in user funds,
purposefully worked to attract US customers to its unregulated
international exchange, and included some extremely incriminating
statements made by Binance officials in the lawsuit. Additionally, the
SEC accused Binance of operating market-making companies to inflate
trading prices. Binance claimed to have been cooperating with
regulators and pledged to continue to for the investigation. The suit
also alleged that several leading altcoins, such as Solana, Polygon,
BNB, Cardano, and others, are classified as securities, causing crypto
markets to tumble yesterday. 

JPMORGAN TURNS TO BLOCKCHAIN FOR DOLLAR TRADES IN INDIA HUB (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/EiQ3I?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

JPMorgan is partnering with six major Indian banks to pilot a
blockchain platform for interbank dollar transactions in the Gujarat
International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City). The platform will leverage
JPMorgan's Onyx blockchain solution to enable instant, round-the-clock
settlements allowing GIFT City banks to operate effectively on their
own time zones. This initiative supports New Delhi's efforts to
establish GIFT City as an international financial center, competing
with Singapore and Dubai. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CURVE’S STABLECOIN TO SUPPORT LIDO’S STETH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/curve-s-stablecoin-to-support-lido-s-steth?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Curve holders have voted to include Lido's liquid staking token,
stETH, as a collateral alternative for Curve's new stablecoin, crvUSD.
This development will increase the crvUSD debt ceiling by 15 times to
$150M. If this new limit is reached, crvUSD would become the 13th
largest stablecoin. The addition of stETH will allow more liquid
staking token holders to utilize their position in DeFi with crvUSD.
The vote also increases the limit on PegKeepers pools, a system that
helps maintain crvUSD's stable value. 

A METRIC TO EVALUATE LP COMPETITIVENESS IN AMMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.uniswap.org/metric-evaluate-lp-competitiveness-amm?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Uniswap has introduced a new metric called fee liquidity-adjusted
instantaneous returns (FLAIR) to gauge the performance of LPs in AMM
pools. FLAIR takes into account the intra-pool competitiveness,
considering factors like timing of liquidity deployment and
rebalancing of in-range liquidity. It also helps LPs measure
historical performance and strategize future capital deployments.
While it's applicable to Uniswap's protocol, it can also be adjusted
for traditional exchanges, offering a comparative tool to understand
various market structures. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

CRYPTO BASICS SERIES: DEX AGGREGATOR BASICS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://banklessdao.mirror.xyz/4TlES9LhRaOPQLNRRm3eYkr6OI6FIEoUrK4XJxhWkBU?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article likens DEX aggregators to hotel search engines - tools to
find the best deals across multiple DEXs. They monitor numerous
liquidity sources using algorithms to determine the most beneficial
rates and least slippage, saving users what might otherwise be lost in
transactions due to high slippage or suboptimal exchange rates. Some
aggregators may even split trades across several exchanges to maximize
conditions. Prominent examples of DEX aggregators include 1inch and
Paraswap. In the future, DEX aggregators will likely become an
integral part of wallets, enhancing their functionality as we have
already seen with larger wallets like MetaMask. 

A BREAKDOWN OF THE PROPOSED MARKET STRUCTURE BILL (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1665693527735517184.html]

The proposed crypto bill aims to integrate crypto regulation into the
existing US financial regulatory landscape, allowing tokens and
related intermediaries to be simultaneously regulated by the CFTC and
SEC. In this framework, tokens would sometimes be regulated as
securities and sometimes as commodities. For example, insider tokens
would be treated as securities with a 12-month lockup period, and
could be sold on SEC-registered platforms. The bill also provides a
clear securities law exemption for end user distributions. Potential
downsides include fragmented markets, SEC authority over crypto
projects, possible lack of liquidity for insiders, and a dual
regulatory regime. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEC COMPLAINT AIMS TO UNILATERALLY DEFINE CRYPTO MARKET STRUCTURE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/sec-complaint-aims-to-unilaterally-define-crypto-market-structure-8707489117122437402?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In its own statement, Binance expressed disappointment over the SEC's
lawsuit, stating that it has cooperated fully during investigations
and attempted to address the SEC's concerns. The crypto exchange feels
that the SEC's approach lacks clarity for the digital asset industry,
and unilaterally labeling tokens as securities complicates matters
further. Binance refuted allegations that user assets on its platform
were at risk, assuring that all assets are secure. It criticized the
SEC's apparent intent to make headlines rather than protect investors
and claimed that the agency was hindering innovation in the US with
its enforcement actions. Despite the lawsuit, Binance stated that it
remains committed to cooperating with regulators and fighting the
SEC's perceived overreach. 

VC FUNDING OVER THE LAST FEW MONTHS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1665677393284194304.html]

In May, there were 120 crypto venture deals that raised a total of
$1.2B, down from the previous month’s count of 130 deals. While the
raw numbers showed declines, it was still promising to see projects
securing funding during the bear market. Three of the projects that
raised in May include zkLink, a multichain trading layer for DeFi &
NFTs; Dolomite, a next-gen money market and margin trading platform;
and Hourglass, a marketplace for trading time-bound tokens. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

SYNTHETIX, WHAT COMES NEXT, PART ONE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/kain.eth/xOK_QuPUb63gD0qHsmt-h6JwhjhYCBNGY-n6r9YcyYQ?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Reflecting on Synthetix's journey since 2018, this article discusses
the challenges and lessons learned, particularly with their oracle
system, highlighting the inherent complexity and unpredictability in
the crypto space and the necessity of constant adaptation. 

CRYPTO HEDGE FUND ARCA HAS TRIMMED 30% OF ITS STAFF (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/06/05/crypto-hedge-fund-arca-laid-off-30-of-staff-citing-bear-market-regulatory-uncertainty/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Crypto hedge fund Arca cut 30% of its staff amid a prolonged bear
market and regulatory uncertainty with the aim of conserving capital
and resources. 

TOP METAVERSE TOKENS GEARING UP FOR GROWTH AMID POTENTIAL APPLE’S XR
RELEASE AT WWDC (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/top-metaverse-tokens-gearing-up-for-growth/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In the lead up to Apple's VR headset unveiling yesterday, several
metaverse tokens like SAND, MANA, SENSO, AXS, and FLOKI went on a
slight run as investors speculated about a new metaverse narrative
forming. 

TETHER INVESTS IN STARTUP THAT'S BUILDING A BITCOIN MINE IN EL
SALVADOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/233130/tether-bitcoin-mining-volcano-energy-el-salvador?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Tether has invested in Volcano Energy, a startup planning a $1 billion
Bitcoin mining farm in El Salvador using renewable energy. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=7d982670-043c-11ee-8ef1-e53750a6576d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686052821&t=1686053342&s=e72d75a8a3f0e4c229ec2a8622753cdfaf643334f1ba4a8f23d049e50cca09bf].