# Articles TLDR Crypto 23-10-2023

FinCEN is seeking to impose stricter surveillance and recordkeeping
into crypto mixing activitiesÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48f9f516-7182-11ee-847e-d15418460cb2&pt=campaign&t=1698062615&s=01ba415bd04ba42225a5614a5f85881594e72edc513d396f6d0c2022b17117d1]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-23

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 FINCEN SEEKS TO IMPOSE STRICT SURVEILLANCE REQUIREMENTS ONTO BROADLY
DEFINED CLASS OF 'BITCOIN MIXERS' (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nobsbitcoin.com/fincen-wants-to-outlaw-certain-bitcoin-on-chain-transactions/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 FinCEN is seeking to impose stricter surveillance and recordkeeping
into 'crypto mixing' activities, citing that these can be exploited
for cyber crimes and money laundering. This is supposedly the first
use of Section 311 authority for a class of transactions of primary
money laundering concern. If finalized, this could compel US financial
firms to exercise extensive due diligence in their dealings with
crypto mixers. 

 CRYPTO SHAREHOLDER REQUIREMENTS SET OUT BY EU BANKING REGULATORS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/20/crypto-shareholder-requirements-set-out-by-eu-banking-regulators/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 EU regulators are preparing to introduce legislation (MiCA) that will
impact both crypto firms and their staff. The new laws will increase
scrutiny on shareholders with over 10% stakes in exchanges, examining
them for any previous legal issues, similarly to banking regulations.
MiCA will also place restrictions on staff bonuses to curtail
excessive risk-taking. The legislation is set to take effect in
December 2024. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 HYBRID CRYPTO EXCHANGE GRVT TO DEBUT AS FIRST 'HYPERCHAIN' IN ZKSYNC
ECOSYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/258727/hybrid-crypto-exchange-grvt-zksync-hyperchain?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 GRVT, a hybrid crypto exchange, is set to become the first
"hyperchain" in the zkSync ecosystem. Created by Matter Labs, the
platform combines features from both centralized and decentralized
exchanges. GRVT aims to offer transaction speeds of up to 600,000
trades per second with low latency using zkSync's horizontally scaling
infrastructure. Matter Labs plans to launch GRVT early next year. 

 NEW DEFI PROTOCOLS AIM TO JUMPSTART L2 ROLLUX (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/defi-ethereum-interoperability-l2?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 SYS Labs, the creator of Ethereum L2 Rollux, is launching a range of
new products aimed at enhancing DeFi activity and interoperability
within its hybrid Bitcoin-Ethereum ecosystem. Among these are new DeFi
applications such as cross-chain DEX Chainge and lending protocol
Agave. It will also incorporate LayerSwap, a cross-chain bridge
allowing transfers between centralized exchanges and DeFi protocols. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 HOW DOES A LIGHTNING REPLACEMENT CYCLING ATTACK WORK? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mononautical/status/1715736832950825224?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 A newly discovered vulnerability in the Lightning Network could allow
attackers to steal funds during transactions. The complex "cycling
attack" involves attackers manipulating relay policy and timing of
hash/time lock contracts. Solutions proposed include redesigning HTLC
protocol, changing relay policy, adding miner caches of replaced
transactions, or modifying Bitcoin Core code. However, fully
mitigating this sophisticated attack remains challenging. 

 HOW TO SCALE APP ROLLUPS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/alliancedao/how-to-scale-app-rollups-ad2313576efa?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Ethereum-based app rollups hold promise for scaling applications like
fully on-chain games, NFT marketplaces, and on-chain AI inference.
This post suggests several scaling approaches including Zero-Knowledge
state channels that would take in-game interactions off-chain,
adjusting the execution environment of the rollup, and horizontal
scaling, which would multiply the number of app rollups deployed.
Other options could be to use non-EVM environments or a hybrid
application of the two. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY DCG IS WORSE THAN ENRON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ramahluwalia/status/1716218498341597430?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The NYAG has accused DCG of financial misconduct likened to the
infamous Enron scandal. DCG allegedly falsified financial statements,
exploited customer funds, and hid its dwindling solvency. These
actions, designed to fraudulently inflate profits, could force the
company to sell Grayscale, its largest asset. The NYAG plans to ban
DCG from security and commodity businesses and is seeking damages and
restitution, effectively spelling the end for DCG. 

 A SET-THEORETIC VIEW OF ETHEREUM COTERIES (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.ethereum.org/@mikeneuder/set-theoretic-ethereum?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The Ethereum ecosystem is composed of various stakeholders including
app users, holders, stakers, and node operators. This analysis
introduces a model to conceptualize participants in these categories
as distinct sets. The model, through four observations and desirable
attributes, explores multiple scenarios including the effects of
'minimum viable issuance' on solo stakers and a single app becoming
too influential. It aims to shed light on the dynamics and potential
pitfalls in the Ethereum ecosystem. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 LIGHTNING NETWORK DEVELOPER WARNS ABOUT MAJOR VULNERABILITY, ABANDONS
SECURITY TASKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.bitcoin.com/lightning-network-developer-warns-about-major-vulnerability-abandons-security-tasks/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Blockchain developer Antoine Riard discovered a critical security
flaw in the Lightning Network. Riard decided to quit his work on
Lightning due to concerns over this vulnerability being too difficult
to overcome. 

 YEARN OVERHAULS YFI TOKENOMICS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/yearn-overhauls-yfi-tokenomics?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Yearn Finance introduced a Vote Escrow mechanism that allows YFI
holders to stake tokens for dYFI rewards and voting power to try to
improve its tokenomics. 

 INSIDE A $30 MILLION CASH-FOR-BITCOIN LAUNDERING RING IN THE HEART OF
NEW YORK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.404media.co/inside-a-30-million-cash-for-bitcoin-laundering-ring-in-the-heart-of-new-york/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 A New York gang allegedly ran a cash-for-Bitcoin service, generating
$30 million by converting hackers' and drug traffickers' Bitcoin into
cash, evading mainstream exchanges. 

 BASE BOOTCAMP: LEARN TO BUILD ON-CHAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://base.mirror.xyz/AwurHvCNqDPQYIs5aabA3DVyfDlC4rE1WBJdKU28a_g?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Base Bootcamp is an upcoming eight-week program that aims to help
experienced developers become smart contract developers. It offers
mentorship, access to engineers, and collaborative learning in small
cohorts. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48f9f516-7182-11ee-847e-d15418460cb2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698062436&t=1698062615&s=acb10beb9bdcabb17c92bfb77b318de629f863b08a7ee58a9bfce6a7d15228b3].