# Articles TLDR Crypto 29-02-2024

Coinbase experienced a technical glitch that caused users' account
balances to display as zero as Bitcoin surpassed $60k yesterday  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR]

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-02-29

 TLDR IS HIRING A PART TIME CURATOR FOR
OUR TLDR CRYPTO NEWSLETTER (FULLY REMOTE, $100/HR) 

 TLDR is hiring a part time curator to lead our
TLDR Crypto newsletter curation team. The newsletter already has
over 250,000 subscribers, it's a great way to build a personal brand
within the crypto community.
The ideal candidate would work full time in crypto and spend way too
much time on Crypto Twitter and Farcaster.

Time commitment is ~5-10 HOURS/WEEK PAID AT A RATE OF $100/HR. 

To apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 MORGAN STANLEY EVALUATING SPOT BITCOIN ETFS FOR ITS GIANT BROKERAGE
PLATFORM (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Morgan Stanley might become the next major institution to offer spot
bitcoin ETF products. Recognizing the potential benefits of including
cryptocurrency-based products in investors' portfolios, Morgan
Stanley's move follows the SEC's approval of spot bitcoin ETFs in
January and the overwhelming demand for those products since they
rolled out. The entry of large broker-dealer platforms into this
investment space could significantly accelerate inflows into these
newly introduced products. 

 COINBASE USERS SEE $0 BALANCE AFTER CRYPTO-TRADING APP SUFFERS GLITCH
(2 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Coinbase experienced a technical glitch that caused users' account
balances to display as zero as Bitcoin surpassed $60k yesterday. This
malfunction coincided with a sudden drop in prices across the space
that resulted in over $1.7 billion in liquidations. Coinbase quickly
acknowledged the issue and assured its users that their assets were
safe and deployed fixes over the next few hours. Coinbase CEO Brian
Armstrong said that the level of traffic it experienced yesterday well
exceeded the 10x surges in traffic the company had modeled for,
leading to the issues users experienced. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 MARATHON DIGITAL UNVEILS PLATFORM FOR DEVELOPING BITCOIN SIDECHAINS
(2 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Marathon Digital, the largest publicly traded bitcoin miner, is
expanding its services by launching a programmable application layer
called Anduro. This layer is being developed to assist in the creation
of sidechains. Marathon has already launched two sidechains,
Coordinate and Alys, to generate additional revenue streams and
inspire innovation on the platform. Alys focuses on trading tokenized
real-world assets and is Ethereum compatible, while Coordinate is
aimed at supporting the Ordinals community. 

 FROG: A *FRAME*WORK FOR FARCASTER (6 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Frog is a toolkit from Paradigm and Wevm that assists developers in
building Frames for Farcaster applications. Frames turn Farcaster
posts into interactive elements, transforming static content into
dynamic experiences. Frog provides a streamlined process for creating
lightweight, high-quality frames. With a built-in debugger and
vendor-free deployment, Frog aims to lower development hurdles,
sharpen the developer experience, and optimize user engagement. Its
team plans to introduce a Transactions feature and audit tools
shortly. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 TAKING PROFIT IN A BULL RUN (4 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 It is important to take profits during bull runs. When deciding
whether to take profits, consider your financial situation, the market
conditions, and your individual portfolio/trading style. For perps,
consider funding rates and the timing of the last correction. For spot
positions, take into account plans for the position, the expectation
of price dips, and the emotional impact of seeing unrealized profits
decrease. 

 4 PHASES OF A BULL MARKET (2 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 The four stages of a bull market are: 'Rebirth,' where investors
begin to see a positive price trend; 'Excitement,' when all coins are
back to or surpassing all-time highs; 'Euphoria,' which is a period of
intense activity and mainstream interest; and 'Disconnection' (or
'Insanity'), which is marked by unsustainable growth and irrational
decisions. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 DON'T BE AFRAID TO DREAM A LITTLE BIGGER (9 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 We may be earlier in the cycle than some think. This post provides
some background on the brutal bear market the space just went through
and the historical context of crypto cycles in general. Crypto
participants are getting a little anxious as Bitcoin nears all-time
highs. However, this cycle is much closer to the beginning than the
end and could be much bigger than people are anticipating. 

 BITCOIN ETFS HIT VOLUME RECORD OF $7.6B (2 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 The recently launched US Bitcoin ETFs have been breaking records day
after day, with their trading volume reaching $7.6 billion as of
Wednesday's market close. BlackRock's IBIT, Fidelity's FBTC, and
Grayscale's GBTC have been the top products chosen by investors. This
surge in activity and demand has propelled Bitcoin towards record
highs, sparking additional waves of interest. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 BLACKROCK ANALYST RECOMMENDING 28% ALLOCATION TO BITCOIN (1 MINUTE
READ) [13] 

 At a private Bitcoin event hosted by BlackRock, one of the firm’s
quantitative analysts gave a presentation and suggested that a 28%
allocation to Bitcoin would not be ‘unreasonable’ for a
conservative investor. 

 FTX FOUNDER SBF ASKS FOR A 6.5-YEAR SENTENCE, TELLS PRISON GUARDS TO
INVEST IN SOLANA (2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Sam Bankman-Fried is reportedly seeking a 6.5-year sentence. Both his
parents and his cellmate claim they are worried about his safety. He
is apparently advising prison guards and urging them to invest in
Solana. 

 TELEGRAM INTRODUCES AD REVENUE SHARING WITH 50:50 SPLIT USING ONLY
TONCOIN IN NEARLY 100 COUNTRIES (2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Telegram launched a 50:50 ad revenue sharing system for channel
owners in nearly 100 countries that exclusively uses toncoin on the
TON blockchain. 

 GEMINI REACHES SETTLEMENT AND WILL RETURN ASSETS IN KIND TO CUSTOMERS
(1 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Gemini has announced a settlement in the Genesis Bankruptcy,
promising Earn users a 100% return of their digital assets in-kind -
if you had 1 bitcoin on the platform, you will be receiving that
bitcoin back in kind instead of the ~$20k cash (the value at the time
of bankruptcy) most were expecting. 

WANT THE BEST OF TLDR? 🏆

Refer a friend to TLDR Crypto using the referral link below, and we
will send you the TLDR Hall of Fame, our 50 best stories of all time!

YOUR REFERRAL LINK - https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930 [17]

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [18]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [19] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [20]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8185bce2-d6d8-11ee-8f19-b5746454eda4&pt=campaign&t=1709211821&s=03135dad44faf27a2db18514f3fb53950ecacfd6cbd6c6eeb2c8778651148806
[5] https://finance.yahoo.com/news/morgan-stanley-evaluating-spot-bitcoin-192512256.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/28/coinbase-users-see-0-balance-after-crypto-trading-app-suffers-glitch.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blockworks.co/news/marathon-digital-bitcoin-sidechains?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/gakonst/status/1762888734222245998?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://twitter.com/ColdBloodShill/status/1762836290251219342?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/JasonYanowitz/status/1762878513731002570?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://theknower.substack.com/p/dont-be-afraid-to-dream-a-little?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://blockworks.co/news/bitcoin-etf-7b-record-volume?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://twitter.com/tedtalksmacro/status/1762669871731794158?s=20&utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://cointelegraph.com/news/sbf-6-5-year-sentence-guards-invest-solana?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://www.theblock.co/post/279566/telegram-introduces-ad-revenue-sharing-with-5050-split-using-only-toncoin-in-nearly-100-countries?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://twitter.com/GeminiTrustCo/status/1762954631150207226?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930
[18] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[19] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[20] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8185bce2-d6d8-11ee-8f19-b5746454eda4&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1709211624&t=1709211821&s=65bc3590e20484da87ff91d8343514bbe23e523c77aebf2fe76d83481c65f0bc