# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-03-2023

Binance has announced it will convert $1 billion worth of BUSD into
Bitcoin, Ether, BNB, and other tokensÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f6b64f76-c230-11ed-9f0a-6f3a64fc4953&pt=campaign&t=1678795646&s=fe8c4e127ae711e3dc7f7ae3f233d8a697072285397e0d3535cc6c7e8155b791]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-14

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE WILL CONVERT $1B WORTH OF BUSD STABLECOIN TO BITCOIN, ETHER,
BNB AND OTHER TOKENS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/13/binance-will-convert-1b-worth-of-busd-stablecoin-to-bitcoin-ether-bnb-and-other-tokens/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance has announced it will convert $1 billion worth of BUSD into
Bitcoin, Ether, BNB, and other tokens in a bid to support the market
during turbulent times, which was likely a big driver for BTC, ETH,
and BNBâ€™s significant gains yesterday. The source of these funds is
the Industry Recovery Initiative fund that Binance and industry
partners formed back in November. This comes after the shutdowns and
failures of Signature Bank, Silvergate, and Silicon Valley Bank,
causing extreme market volatility and uncertainty. 

META ANNOUNCES PLANS TO STOP WORKING ON NFTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/219462/meta-announces-plans-to-stop-working-on-nfts?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Meta is winding down its NFT efforts, announced Stephane Kasriel, head
of commerce and financial technologies, in order to prioritize other
areas that can create more economic opportunity for creators and
businesses. Its focus will be on product lines such as messaging and
monetization opportunities for Reels and streamlining payments with
Meta Pay. It apparently will continue to support NFT creators who use
Instagram and Facebook. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BANKLESS ENHANCES WEB3 PUSH WITH NEW 2.0 LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bankless-enhances-web3-push-with-new-2-0-launch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bankless, a popular crypto media and education brand, has launched
Bankless 2.0, a move away from Substack to a website with new
web3-focused features, including podcast collectibles, POAP mints, and
subscription payments with cryptocurrency. The launch comes shortly
after news that the Bankless co-founders raised a $35 million crypto
venture fund. Bankless has become a prominent voice and community in
the space over the past few years, so this is just a new chapter in
its continued growth. 

INTERSWAP IS INTEGRATING WITH LAYERZERO TO FACILITATE CROSS-CHAIN
SWAPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xc525CF7b63bc1Fd6111F27809A3BaE0611D42b62/ORAdNHlEv7F4gtaARDRb_0ZVWONI_hKWinO_MNtMowg?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


InterSwap, an omnichain automated market maker (AMM), has integrated
with the LayerZero network to facilitate cross-chain swaps in a
trustless way. LayerZero offers trustless valid delivery,
enterprise-grade security, and communication protocol to enable users
to interact with dApps and DEXs without treating chains differently.
InterSwap hopes to bring user adoption of LayerZero's network and
could help increase its adoption across the DeFi ecosystem. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A MEGATHREAD ON THE STATE OF ARBITRUM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1634931752308441088.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this thread, the author looks at the state of Arbitrum, an L2
scaling solution built on top of Ethereum. Arbitrum's ecosystem has
seen extreme growth in the past 6 months, with its TVL being the
largest of any L2. The author also examines Arbitrum's development,
including its decentralized sequencer and validators, Fraud Proofs,
Stylus programming environment, and Arbitrum Nitro upgrade. The thread
then lists 5 live protocols and 5 unlaunched protocols he believes are
worth watching. 

TOKENOMICS EXPLAINED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1635311048164270080.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tokenomics refers to the economic and financial principles that govern
a token. Components of Tokenomics include Supply (Emissions,
Inflation/Deflation, Token burns, Token Allocation and Vesting and
Token Supply), Demand (ROI, Utility and Memes) and Market Cap. This
thread breaks down the different components of tokenomics and how to
leverage them to evaluate different projects. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

EULER SUFFERS $200M EXPLOIT IN FLASH LOAN ATTACK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/euler-suffers-200m-exploit?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Euler Finance, a well-known DeFi protocol, suffered from a flash loan
attack that resulted in a loss of nearly $200 million. The attack was
composed of six different flash loans that made it appear as if there
were fewer collateral tokens than debt tokens, taking advantage of
flawed donation and liquidation logic. Eulerâ€™s native token dropped
by over 55% on the news. Euler Labs tweeted that it was currently
working with multiple security firms and law enforcement officials to
investigate the attack. 

OPTIMISMâ€™S PATH TO TECHNICAL DECENTRALIZATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dev.optimism.io/decentralization-roadmap/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


OP Labs is working towards decentralizing the OP Stack codebase to
achieve Optimism's vision of enabling global coordination of human
intelligence. The Bedrock release can enable the use of multiple proof
schemes and multiple clients for multi-client fault proofs, a needed
component for technical decentralization. OP Labs is focusing on
baseline decentralization milestones, such as decentralizing custody
of the bridge upgrade keys and enabling permissionless output
proposals. If those goals are achieved, the community can focus on
other high-level themes, such as deploying additional proof systems on
mainnet, phasing out the attestor network, removing upgrade keys, and
decentralizing the sequencer. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

BARNEY FRANK: REGULATORS SHUTTERED SIGNATURE BANK TO SHOW 'CRYPTO IS
TOXIC' (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/219391/barney-frank-regulators-shuttered-signature-bank-to-show-crypto-is-toxic?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Former Rep. Barney Frank believes the NYDFS closed Signature Bank to
send a message that crypto is toxic, despite the bank's stabilization
efforts, and he believes more regulations should be implemented for
crypto-related activities. 

WEB3 ANGEL INVESTOR DATABASE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yiN8ry0BG2kt8CFDzbIdkVzDXmsLbvJ1ruGtnGEHUxo/edit#gid=0?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Many of the well-known players in crypto have gone from building to
investing over time. This spreadsheet is a great resource for
investors looking to raise from angel investors with deep experience
in the space. 

THE POKÃ‰MON COMPANY IS LOOKING TO HIRE SOMEONE WITH NFT KNOWLEDGE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nintendolife.com/news/2023/03/the-pokemon-company-is-looking-to-hire-someone-with-nft-knowledge?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The PokÃ©mon Company has opened up a job listing for a Corporate
Development Principal that requires the candidate to have a grasp of
web3 and blockchain technologies, suggesting that the company may be
interested in exploring ways to make use of the metaverse and
blockchain. 

REVISITING AGGREGATION THEORY (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.decentralised.co/p/revisiting-aggregation-theory?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses aggregation theory in web3 and how tokens have
become an increasingly important tool to aggregate users to a
platform. While many platforms with traditional venture funding have
become category leaders, they have become exposed to competitors with
token models. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f6b64f76-c230-11ed-9f0a-6f3a64fc4953&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678795223&t=1678795646&s=aa9a922ee2d6c981b76139688b08f9acd508c0f271e325427f31af60c9f43eb1].


Â 