# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-04-2023

Now that withdrawals are allowed, ETH has become somewhat of an
â€˜internet bondâ€™ with reduced risk, increased liquidityÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=842a4bbc-da93-11ed-8b09-896f35a72f01&pt=campaign&t=1681474050&s=af440c336ebd470f956cd160b01e091668d4f75a48a2d1070de2064b39d22cc6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Coinspect]
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230414]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-14

YOUR BLOCKCHAIN IMPLEMENTATION IS LESS SECURE THAN YOU THINK (SPONSOR)
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230414]


The best way to protect your users from malicious attackers is to make
sure your code is secure. Thatâ€™s where Coinspect comes in.
We specialize in conducting security audits for blockchain projects
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230414]
- and we almost always find something. Our experts will inspect your
code and identify any potential security vulnerabilities. Weâ€™ll also
provide detailed reports with suggested solutions to help you fix any
issues.

Donâ€™t let a security breach be the downfall of your Web3 project.
Contact Coinspect today
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230414]
and get the peace of mind that comes with secure code â€” or visit our
website to read case studies and see the results of previous audits
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=230414].

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TWITTER PARTNERS WITH ETORO TO LET USERS TRADE STOCKS, CRYPTO AS MUSK
PUSHES APP INTO FINANCE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/04/13/twitter-to-let-users-access-stocks-crypto-via-etoro-in-finance-push.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Twitter is partnering with social trading company eToro to allow users
to access and trade stocks, cryptocurrencies, and other financial
assets from the app. The new feature, launched yesterday, will expand
the range of assets available to users and enable them to trade on
eToro's platform. This collaboration supports Elon Musk's vision of
transforming Twitter into a "super app" that offers financial services
alongside social media, ultimately aiming to become the world's
largest financial institution. 

ETHER PRICE SWINGS UPWARD AFTER ETHEREUM UPGRADE, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE
FUTURE? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/04/13/ether-price-swings-upward-after-ethereum-upgrade-but-what-about-the-future/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


After Ethereum's successful transition to PoS with the Shapella
upgrade, fears of the upgrade not working or being delayed or unlocked
ETH being dumped en masse seem to be behind the market. The upgrade
enabled ETH stakers to withdraw their deposits from the Beacon Chain.
Despite concerns of a potential price drop, new ETH deposits were
actually outpacing withdrawals soon after withdrawals opened up, and
ETHâ€™s Relative Strength Index has risen to its highest level since
January. Now that withdrawals are allowed, ETH has become somewhat of
an â€˜internet bondâ€™ with reduced risk, increased liquidity, and an
uptick in asset value for those wanting to stake. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SOLANA SAGA, AN ANDROID PHONE WITH A CRYPTO TWIST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/solana-launches-saga-phone?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Solana Mobile has announced the Saga, an Android device that aims to
combine a top-notch mobile phone experience with an array of web3
elements. The device features a separate Solana app store and a
built-in seed vault for secure transactions. With a focus on security,
the Saga utilizes Qualcomm's security features to ensure wallet
private keys are protected. Sixteen apps will be available at launch
in the app store, and users can claim a Saga NFT token when setting up
their device. The Solana Saga will be available for order starting May
8 in select countries. 

SOMMELIER LAUNCHES NEW ETH LIQUID STAKING TOKEN VAULT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sommelier-eth-liquid-staking-vault?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sommelier has launched Real Yield ETH, an ETH liquid staking token
vault developed in collaboration with Seven Seas Capital and DeFine
Logic Labs. Real Yield ETH aims to generate yields on liquid staking
tokens, such as rETH, stETH, and cbETH, using leveraged staking on
Aave and Compound and LPâ€™ing on Uniswap V3. The protocol is built on
Sommelier, a part of the Cosmos IBC, and is an ERC-4626 vault on
Ethereum. Real Yield ETH is expected to scale to over $60 million in
total value locked while offering a 13%+ APY. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TOOL TO HELP WITH YOUR CRYPTO TAXES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/big_duca/status/1646200490601099265?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down how to use CSV GPT, a free tool designed to
help crypto users reformat CSVs of crypto transactions. Typically when
you download your transactions from different trading platforms or tax
programs, the formats of the CSV files you receive will all be
different from one another. This leaves users with the painstaking
task of manually reformatting and consolidating these CSV files into
one file during tax time. This tool automates the reformatting process
taking in transaction files with all different formats and putting
them into a uniform format with the same columns in each file. All
users have to do after running their CSV files through this tool is
just copy and paste them into one file to consolidate them. 

POWELLâ€™S TROUBLE WITH THE CURVE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/powells-trouble-with-the-curve?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The article discusses the likelihood of the FED pivoting from its QT
policy due to recession risks and banking turmoil. The yield curve
inversion, a reliable recession predictor, and other signs of
recession on the horizon are fueling market expectations of the FED
reversing its rate hikes. Despite these pressures, the FED is hesitant
to change course while inflation remains high and real interest rates
are negative. The real rate needs to be positive to tame inflation,
and as the FED gets closer to this goal, the possibility of a policy
shift increases. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

EXPLOIT INVOLVING EARLY VERSION OF YEARN FINANCE SAW DAMAGES OF $11.6
MILLION: PECKSHIELD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/226134/exploit-involving-aave-v1-and-yearn-estimated-to-be-around-10-million-peckshield?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


An early version of the DeFi protocol Yearn Finance, called iearn, was
exploited for $11.6 million. The exploit was enabled by a
misconfigured yUSDT token that was exploited to mint 1.2 quadrillion
yUSDT using only $10,000. The attacker then swapped the yUSDT for
other stablecoins. Yearn Finance's contributor Storm Blessed 0x
confirmed that the issue was isolated to the iearn legacy protocol,
and that Yearn v2 vaults were not impacted. Aave V1 was used during
the attack, but the Aave team confirmed it was not exploited. 

FTX DISCOVERS $7.3 BILLION IN ASSETS AFTER BANKRUPTCY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://solanafloor.com/news/ftx-discovers-7-3-billion-in-assets-after-bankruptcy?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FTX, the now infamous exchange that filed for bankruptcy last year due
to an $8 billion deficit, has reportedly recovered $7.3 billion in
assets. The company enlisted forensic accountants, legal experts, and
blockchain analysts to locate the lost funds, which were scattered
across wallets and storage facilities. The recovery has sparked mixed
reactions and may lead to new regulations and security measures for
crypto companies. However, this could put FTX on a solid path toward
solvency. Security measures to keep better track of funds will
certainly be put in place as the Company evaluates restructuring
options, such as re-launching the exchange or simply recouping
deposits via the funds that have been found. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

METAMASK ADDS BRIDGE FEATURE DIRECTLY TO BROWSER EXTENSION (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/metamask/status/1645778434390384643?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Previously only available in MetaMaskâ€™s Portfolio application, the
Company has now added its bridge feature directly to its browser
extension. 

BITCOIN MARKETPLACE OPENBAZAAR IS COMING BACK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/126270/bitcoin-marketplace-openbazaar-coming-back?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


OpenBazaar, a decentralized crypto-based marketplace, is set to
relaunch after closing in 2020. CEO Brian Hoffman is rebuilding the
platform, with OpenBazaar 3.0 anticipated to be released soon. 

JUSTIN SUN REPORTEDLY ISSUED SUMMONS IN SEC LAWSUIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/justin-sun-summoned-sec-lawsuit?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tron founder Justin Sun has been summoned to respond to an SEC lawsuit
alleging fraudulent manipulation of TRX's secondary market,
undisclosed celebrity endorsements, and unregistered securities sales.
Sun has 21 days to respond. 

A â€˜SUPER APPâ€™ MAY BE WEB3â€™S SUPER POWER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/04/13/a-super-app-may-be-web3s-super-power/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


While it seems Twitter is attempting to build a super app like WeChat,
this author argues it is improbable Twitter will be able to do this
due to Big Tech's "walled gardens." However, web3 allows
permissionless, composable network effects, which could give rise to a
real, decentralized super app at some point. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=842a4bbc-da93-11ed-8b09-896f35a72f01&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681473620&t=1681474050&s=f8c1348d5000af8aeeb46e691106f391d17f65040c09e418b04c487d92e4dd7c].


Â 