# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-03-2023

Cross-chain NFT platform Magic Eden has launched a marketplace for
OrdinalsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c5ce82ea-c87d-11ed-8127-7b14b1c97430&pt=campaign&t=1679486888&s=fc9a8d3fb27ba20f28c89e0452d6e7d6578f7dc2d325793a679718fffe3d779c]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-22

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

WHITE HOUSE BLASTS DIGITAL ASSETS IN NEW REPORT, SEES LITTLE VALUE IN
CRYPTO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/221815/white-house-blasts-digital-assets-in-new-crypto-report?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A White House report criticized digital assets for, according to them,
not fulfilling their initial promises and posing risks to consumers
and the financial system. The report may indicate a shift in the Biden
administration's stance from agnostic to against digital assets. It
argued that digital assets have not provided any fundamental value or
improved financial inclusion, and questioned the role of regulation in
protecting stakeholders. The report also expressed skepticism about
stablecoins and really any sort of distributed ledger technology,
while highlighting the risks associated with DeFi applications. 

CIRCLE SEEKS TO REGISTER IN FRANCE, RAMPING UP EUROPEAN PLAY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/21/circle-seeks-to-register-in-france-ramping-up-european-play/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Circle, the issuer of USDC, is filing applications to register as a
crypto service provider in France and obtain an e-money provider
license. The company aims to make France a hub for its EU operations,
which could allow them to focus on EU specific regulations around
stablecoins to maintain continuity of service there. Circle plans for
its euro-backed stablecoin, EUROC, to comply with the upcoming Markets
in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) regulation. The company's move aligns with
France's push for innovation-forward crypto regulation, and Circle
joins other registered entities like Axa Investment Managers, Binance,
and Societe Generale with a presence in the country. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MAGIC EDEN LAUNCHES BITCOIN MARKETPLACE AS ORDINAL INSCRIPTIONS
CONTINUE TO GROW (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/21/magic-eden-launches-bitcoin-marketplace-as-ordinal-inscriptions-continue-to-grow/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Cross-chain NFT platform Magic Eden has launched a marketplace for
Ordinals, the burgeoning Bitcoin-based innovation that has caught the
attention of Bitcoiners, Ethereum NFT traders, and altcoiners alike.
The platform previously supported NFT trading on Solana and Polygon,
and aggregated listings for Ethereum-based NFTs. The Bitcoin
marketplace aims to improve accessibility, security, and transparency
for users. The move aligns with Magic Eden's long-term vision of NFTs
becoming more and more central to culture and plans to build new use
cases on additional chains. 

CCP GAMES RAISES $40M FOR NEW TRIPLE-A WEB3 GAME IN THE EVE UNIVERSE
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/games/ccp-games-raises-40m-for-new-triple-a-web3-game-in-the-eve-universe/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


CCP Games has raised $40 million to develop a new triple-A blockchain
game set in the Eve universe. The funding round was led by Andreessen
Horowitz and included Makers Fund, Bitkraft, Kingsway Capital, Nexon,
and Hashed, among others. The new game will leverage smart contract
and blockchain tech for persistence, composability, and open
third-party development, creating a new relationship between virtual
worlds and players. This separate project will not affect the existing
Eve Online game, which is now in its 20th year. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE CRYPTO VC LIST - 2023 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://coinstack.substack.com/p/the-crypto-vc-list-2023?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinstack Partners has released its 2023 Crypto VC List, ranking the
top 300 global crypto VC funds. At a high level, the total amount AUM
of these firms stands at $83.9 billion. San Francisco holds the top
spot as the global crypto VC capital, followed by NYC, Hong Kong,
Singapore, Austin, London, and Shanghai. Despite a downturn in the
latter half of 2022, it was still the biggest year for crypto VC, with
$26.2 billion in new capital invested into startups. Things are also
looking up on a shorter time frame as February 2023 saw a 52% increase
in crypto VC investment in firms from the previous month. 

WHY CBDCS ARE NGMI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1638231766451343360.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread argues that Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) won't
pose a threat to privately-run stablecoins on Ethereum, and might even
end up benefiting ETH. They highlight two reasons: first, with CBDCs a
few years away, stablecoins will likely have a trillion-dollar market
by then; second, implementing CBDCs requires a complex process to
control individual transactions, which can be achieved without a CBDC.
The author emphasizes the importance of defending the right to
self-custody and suggests that launching a CBDC on a private chain
would be uncompetitive and could easily be thwarted by introducing
wrapped CBDCs. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A DEEP DIVE INTO POLYTRADE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.m6labs.co/p/deep-dive-polytrade?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Polytrade is a Dubai-based trade finance platform utilizing blockchain
technology to streamline receivables financing, connecting buyers,
sellers, insurers, and investors to overcome traditional financing
challenges. It offers low-interest, fast financing and employs DeFi to
bring transparency to the industry through Proof of Trade. Polytrade
is set to launch an RWA Marketplace for trading tokenized assets,
including invoices from major corporations. The platform also
developed Polytrade ID to securely onboard companies and institutions
to web3 and DeFi, aiming to revolutionize the industry by enhancing
transparency, security, and accessibility. 

WHAT THE FOMC? THE FED, INTEREST RATES, DOT PLOTS & WHAT IT ALL MEANS
FOR CRYPTO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/221220/what-fed-interest-rate-decision-means-for-crypto?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


After a tumultuous couple weeks in the US banking system, the US
Federal Reserve is expected to make an interest rate decision today,
leaving analysts divided on expectations of the outcome. Despite
earlier expectations of a 50 basis point hike, the recent economic
volatility has changed predictions. The CME FedWatch tool shows an 86%
probability of a 25-basis point increase, while Goldman Sachs expects
the FOMC to pause hikes. The decision will likely impact Bitcoin's
performance further. BTC has already seen an almost 50% increase in
just a couple weeks as a Fed pivot has become more likely and the
â€˜flight to qualityâ€™ narrative has taken hold for both crypto
natives and those that are uncertain about how safe their bank
deposits might be. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

MSIGNER: ORDINALS ATOMIC SWAP PSBT SIGNER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/magiceden-oss/msigner?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

msigner is a secure, open-source Bitcoin PSBT signer library for
marketplaces, featuring buyer-seller-friendly APIs, trust-minimized
PSBT combining, and wide wallet support. 

SONY TO INTRODUCE NFTS INTO PLAYSTATION GAMES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://nftlately.com/sony-to-introduce-nfts-into-playstation-games/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sony has published a patent for incorporating NFTs and blockchain tech
into its PlayStation games. The patent reveals plans for NFTs, other
digital assets, marketplaces, and technology to rent NFTs. 

SUSHI DAO, KEY CONTRIBUTOR SERVED WITH SEC SUBPOENA (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/21/sushi-dao-key-contributor-served-with-sec-subpoena/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sushi DAO and its Head Chef Jared Grey were subpoenaed by the SEC.
Grey subsequently proposed a "Sushi DAO Legal Defense Fund" to cover
legal expenses for core contributors during the investigation. 

THIEF LAYS TRAP TO CLAIM 3 MILLION ARB TOKENS IN UPCOMING AIRDROP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/221607/arbitrum-airdrop-arb-wallet-hijack?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A bad actor is set up to intercept 3 million ARB tokens from the
upcoming Arbitrum airdrop from a prior exploit, compromising 2,400
wallets, potentially allowing them to claim 0.26% of the user airdrop.


If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c5ce82ea-c87d-11ed-8127-7b14b1c97430&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679486420&t=1679486888&s=ca62f42c8510490839909a420f9b049ed208bae0106238c468b2e95b1223c74b].


Â 