# Articles TLDR Crypto 29-09-2023

The SEC has announced additional proceedings to assess whether to
approve or deny proposed Bitcoin ETFs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b60e04cc-5e99-11ee-aeef-81ab0834b4f9&pt=campaign&t=1695989116&s=2e2a379da56a9feeed26a609356500e595f9e17ab2716f8cce739a58056c2876]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-29

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO COMPANY RIPPLE BACKS OUT OF FORTRESS TRUST PURCHASE (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/tu68q?utm_sourc=tldrcrypto]

Ripple has decided not to proceed with its previously announced
acquisition of custodian Fortress Trust following a security breach at
a third-party service used by six of Fortress's customers that
resulted in a reported loss of $12-$15 million in cryptocurrency.
Despite the terminated deal, Ripple will remain an investor in
Fortress's parent company, Fortress Financial Technologies. 

SEC MOVES TO AGAIN DELAY SPOT BITCOIN ETFS FROM BLACKROCK, VALKYRIE
AND BITWISE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253506/sec-moves-to-again-delay-decision-on-valkyrie-spot-bitcoin-etf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC has announced additional proceedings to assess whether to
approve or deny proposed Bitcoin ETFs from BlackRock, Valkyrie,
Invesco, and Bitwise. The process includes public comment and rebuttal
periods, indicating that a final decision may not be reached for
several months. The delay does not necessarily signify any conclusion
has been made on any issues raised by the proposals. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COINBASE ROLLING OUT PERPETUAL FUTURES TRADING FOR RETAIL USERS
OUTSIDE US (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253326/coinbase-perpetual-futures-retail-users?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase has received approval from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to
provide non-US retail customers with perpetual futures trading
services. The announcement comes after the cryptocurrency exchange
ramped up its institutional trading services and handled over $5.5
billion in futures trading volume in Q2 this year. The move is part of
Coinbase's international strategy called ‚ÄúGo Broad, Go Deep‚Äù,
which targets regulators in 24 countries where it plans to create a
global regulatory framework. 

IYK ENABLES DIGI-PHYSICAL CREATION FOR BRANDS FROM ADIDAS TO ATLANTIC
RECORDS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/iyk.eth/uWiWf2hIXQcM7HbkQ-WddZDnmtWysGlnAPC6hNvMXZw?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

IYK has been driving greater fan engagement over the last two years by
bridging the gap between the digital and physical worlds with its fan
experience platform. It embeds NFC chips in physical merch to
‚Äúsupercharge‚Äù these collector items. IYK has successfully
partnered with the likes of Adidas and 9dcc to prove the concept. The
company has now raised $16.8 million in funding from heavy hitters
like a16z Crypto, Collab Currency, 1kx, and Lattice Capital to expand
its platform. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN INCOMPLETE PRIMER ON INTENTS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://crypto.mirror.xyz/Wvzro_O92V5Z_RBfZnZUqdbYC_4X6v2YrBuy9RkZCxo?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article dives into the concept of "intents," which have been
gaining traction in the crypto space with protocols like Anoma and
Essential. Intents help users specify transaction conditions without
exact message calls, simplifying the transaction flow. They focus on
outcomes rather than processes, meaning that users specify goals and
"solvers" determine how best to achieve them. 

ETHEREUM TRANSFERS HEATMAP (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://banteg.xyz/posts/heatmap/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog shows several different heatmaps of DAI token transfers and
explains how other developers can replicate the method for any ERC20
token transfers. The approach utilizes Python tools like jupyter,
cryo, polars, matplotlib, datashader, and altair to render billions of
data points and properly display massive datasets. The process makes
it much easier and quicker to generate understandable visualizations
of crypto transactions. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WINKLEVOSS TWINS SECRETLY WITHDREW $280M IN ASSETS BEFORE CRYPTO FIRM
COLLAPSED (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://nypost.com/2023/09/27/winklevoss-twins-secretly-withdrew-282m-in-gemini-assets-before-genesis-collapse-sources/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Winklevoss twins, co-founders of cryptocurrency exchange Gemini,
reportedly withdrew $280 million from Genesis just months before the
company's collapse. It's unclear whether the withdrawn funds were
Gemini's corporate assets or the personal cryptocurrencies of the
twins. The timing of the withdrawal, months before Genesis froze
customer withdrawals, raises questions about the Winklevoss twins'
knowledge of Genesis' financial situation. 

VALKYRIE IS THE FIRST TO PROVIDE ETHER FUTURES EXPOSURE IN AN ETF (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/ether-futures-etfs-launch-soon?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Valkyrie's Bitcoin Strategy ETF has successfully added ether futures
contracts. Effective on October 3, the fund will formally alter its
investment strategy, resulting in a name change to Valkyrie Bitcoin
and Ether Strategy ETF. Other ETF issuers are expected to follow and
launch their own ether futures offerings. Valkyrie's amended approach
could allow them to launch earlier compared to proposed issues from
other platforms. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AN UPDATE ON CASEY RODARMOR‚ÄôS RUNES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/casey/runestone?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Casey Rodarmor provided an update on the new Runes protocol he
suggested. This repo provides a way to mint runes. Rodarmor warns that
runes below certain block heights will be ignored as the standard
hasn‚Äôt been formalized yet. 

THE HEIST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://avc.mirror.xyz/VUu7-BOTlH2J-qF9SctXr17CLBFx9Xu5xr6sACXehr8?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explains how Fred Wilson, a renowned investor and crypto
veteran, fell victim to an NFT scam that resulted in the loss of 46 of
his NFTs. 

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS APPEAR SUCCESSFUL IN SECOND ATTEMPT AT HOLESKY
TEST NETWORK LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/09/28/ethereum-developers-try-for-second-time-to-launch-new-holesky-test-network/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ethereum developers have made a successful second attempt at launching
the Holesky test network for the Ethereum blockchain, which is aimed
at testing ambitious scaling plans and addressing testnet ETH supply
issues. 

ETHEREUM CENSORSHIP DASHBOARD (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://censorship.pics/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This dashboard depicts interesting info about censorship on Ethereum,
a critical piece of how Ethereum works. At its different layers,
Ethereum users can experience censorship from builders, relays, and
validators. This dashboard helps visualize where that is happening. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b60e04cc-5e99-11ee-aeef-81ab0834b4f9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695988849&t=1695989116&s=ac1f8d20348c2696f0583608b72efc30fdac9d4ad09ecb6f2a28639c4c7a5634].