# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-05-2023

Since mid-April, meme coins have been the main narrative speculators
have been trading on¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=07fde6d0-ed70-11ed-8986-4101468ebb6a&pt=campaign&t=1683547736&s=1aef56dec0a88dfd7584b7a7d39b6b1897f56916f5909053a176ebb82094fa8a]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-08

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE TRIES NOVEL DEFENSE IN SEC FIGHT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/85DHx?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Coinbase is currently squaring off with the SEC about the regulatory
body‚Äôs claims that Coinbase was operating as a stock exchange and
brokerage without adhering to investor-protection rules. One of the
main lines of defense Coinbase is leveraging is that the SEC approved
the company to go public in April 2021, claiming the regulatory body
signaled that its core business was not unlawful. However, securities
lawyers point out that the SEC's review process only examines
companies' risk disclosures to investors, not their business models'
legality. The SEC also maintains that disclosure reviews don't
determine compliance with laws beyond disclosure and accounting. 

PEPECOIN‚ÄôS BEWILDERING RISE TURNED A PITTANCE INTO AN ALMOST
5,000,000% MEME COIN PROFIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/05/05/pepecoins-bewildering-rise-turned-a-pittance-into-an-almost-5000000-meme-coin-profit/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Since mid-April, meme coins have been the main narrative speculators
have been trading on, and in addition to causing a surge in gas fees,
a handful of traders have profited handsomely off of some meme
coins‚Äô meteoric rises. The star of the show has been PEPE, a meme
coin based on "Pepe the Frog," which was listed on Binance over the
weekend and reached a market cap of ~$1.7 billion on the news. One
trader, dimethyltryptamine.eth, turned a $263 investment into $3.8
million by selling PEPE tokens and is still holding $6.5 million worth
of PEPE. Many devs and traders have been trying to create or find the
next PEPE in the past few weeks, leading to thousands of meme coin
launches and numerous rugs. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUSHISWAP ROLLS OUT V3 LIQUIDITY POOLS TO ENHANCE CAPITAL EFFICIENCY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sushiswap-liquidity-pools-launch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


SushiSwap has launched its V3 liquidity pools across 13 networks. The
aim of these pools is to increase capital efficiency by allowing
liquidity providers to concentrate funds within a narrower price
range, reducing spread and slippage for traders. The exchange plans to
support 30 more networks in a two-phase approach, deploying to zk
rollups in the near future. In phase 2, SushiSwap will launch a
rewards program for efficient liquidity providers, enabling them to
earn SUSHI on select networks. 

TRUSTLESS.MARKET LAUNCHES AMM PROTOCOL FOR BRC-20 TOKENS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1654532883388977158.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Trustless Market has deployed Uniswap-like smart contracts on the
Trustless Computer network, enabling users to swap ‚Äúsmart‚Äù BRC-20
tokens, provide liquidity for a 2% fee, and issue their own tokens. In
just three days, Trustless Market recorded $500,000 in trade volume,
2,000 trades, and 500 users. This marks the beginning of DeFi
integration with the Bitcoin ecosystem through Trustless Computer as
it utilizes the BRC-20 standard for fungible tokens on Bitcoin. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE SHARED SEQUENCER; AN SOK ON SHARED SEQUENCING, AGGREGATION THEORY
AND VERTICAL INTEGRATIONS (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x59567ea31347ba1430939E8a8aC58fDa014aBed9/I12E6Jf9X6HE_DuegZG4gmy8j-4RGAX4AdMZ71MnANY?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Shared Sequencer Networks could revolutionize rollups, offering high
censorship resistance, ease of deployment, interoperability, fast
finality, liveness, and MEV democratization. This article gives an
in-depth breakdown of Shared Sequencers and the theories around them.
These networks can achieve finality on L1 before L2, providing a high
degree of relatively fast hard finality guarantees on the rollup side.
However, achieving provable finality depends on the specific leader
election algorithm and sequencer set design. The article also
discusses the tradeoffs, challenges, and possibilities in the design
space of MEV and preference expression systems. 

ETHEREUM LIQUID STAKING VALUATION FRAMEWORK (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://forum.makerdao.com/t/ethereum-liquid-staking-valuation-framework/20750?u=monet-supply?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This proposal in the MakerDAO forum lays out a valuation method for
the Ethereum liquid staking industry as a whole, anchored against the
underlying Ethereum network. By comparing industry revenue to the
risk-adjusted earnings yield of staked ETH, the framework suggests the
industry is worth a low to mid-single-digit percentage of the Ethereum
network. Key inputs include staking participation rate, liquid staking
market penetration, and the industry take rate. The valuation is
sensitive to fee dynamics and network activity levels, with a higher
relative value in low network fee environments. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ONE-CLICK CHECKOUT BUTTONS FOR WEB3 (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.decentralised.co/p/one-click-checkout-buttons-for-web3?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The article discusses the potential of account abstraction in
revolutionizing the web3 user experience, comparing it to Amazon's
one-click checkout button. It highlights how AA, particularly the
ERC-4337 standard, can help transform cryptocurrency wallets, allowing
users to interact with dapps without giving complete access to their
wallets. The author also envisions AA enabling social networks with
on-chain data and creating a discovery layer for web3 applications.
With AA, the article suggests that internet-scale blockchain
applications that do not cost users anything could finally be
possible, making web3 native applications more accessible and
user-friendly. 

VOYAGER DIGITAL PLANS TO LIQUIDATE ASSETS, WIND DOWN AFTER SALE DREAMS
CRUSHED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/05/05/voyager-digital-plans-to-liquidate-assets-wind-down-after-sale-dreams-crushed/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bankrupt crypto lender Voyager Digital plans to self-liquidate its
assets and shut down its operations after failed sale attempts to FTX
US and Binance.US. As a result of this liquidation, Voyager's
customers will receive a recovery of 36% of their crypto holdings,
significantly lower than the 72-73% anticipated if either acquisition
succeeded. The recovery rate may improve if Alameda Research's attempt
to reclaim $446 million from Voyager fails. Customers holding
supported tokens will be able to withdraw their allotted portion
directly, while unsupported tokens will be liquidated and paid back in
USDC. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ETHEREUM TRANSACTION FEES AT THEIR HIGHEST SINCE MAY 2022 AMID MEME
COIN MANIA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/229508/ethereum-gas-price-high-memecoin-hype?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum transaction fees have reached highs not seen since May 2022,
driven by increased on-chain activity related to meme coin trading.
This has led some users to seek alternative chains with lower fees. 

BINANCE FACES US PROBE OF POSSIBLE RUSSIAN SANCTIONS VIOLATIONS (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/76gEC?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The Justice Department is investigating Binance Holdings for
potentially helping Russians evade U.S. sanctions. Binance is facing
multiple probes, including IRS and SEC investigations, but asserts it
is in compliance with sanctions and has strong KYC protocols. 

AS NFT SALES DWINDLE, ART BLOCKS RESISTS PINNING HOPES ON A RENEWED
CRYPTO BULL RUN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/229643/art-blocks-erick-calderon-crypto-bull-run?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Art Blocks founder Erick Calderon has remained steadfast on creator
royalties despite declining sales, as he believes they create a better
ecosystem. While he‚Äôs staying true to his ideals, he‚Äôs operating
the platform conservatively right now as he is not banking on another
crypto bull run. 

‚ÄòWE NEVER GOT A CHANCE TO RESPOND‚Äô: BITTREX CEO ON SEC WELLS
NOTICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bittrex-ceo-sec-wells-notice?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bittrex Global's CEO, Oliver Linch, expressed confusion over the SEC's
actions against Bittrex, claiming they never even had a chance to
respond to the Wells Notice they received. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=07fde6d0-ed70-11ed-8986-4101468ebb6a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683547229&t=1683547736&s=5f245fb21d3a29056ea3128933bf221b11e2287695a2cabb5338ca97fd8c67a7].


¬†