# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-04-2023

US presidential hopefuls, including Ron DeSantis and Vivek Ramaswamy,
have expressed their opposition to a central bank-backed digital US
dollarÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=aca4eb42-e277-11ed-8165-1919480e9426&pt=campaign&t=1682338095&s=c62f28fbe15c55c842e3100667fa9c90b0dfc9eed902ec96bf1f7f47594a2feb]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-24

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

US PRESIDENTIAL HOPEFULS RALLY AGAINST A DIGITAL DOLLAR AHEAD OF 2024
ELECTIONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/4zpuD?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

US presidential hopefuls, including Ron DeSantis and Vivek Ramaswamy,
have expressed their opposition to a central bank-backed digital US
dollar (CBDC). While CBDCs are still a ways away in the US, the issue
has become a point of contention among politicians. Critics, such as
Wall Street banks and digital-asset companies, argue that a digital
dollar could destabilize the banking sector and compromise privacy.
Proponents contend that CBDCs could improve payments, maintain the
dollar's global dominance, and protect consumer privacy if implemented
correctly. 

ABU DHABI'S FINANCIAL FREE ZONE PROPOSES LEGAL FRAMEWORK FOR
DECENTRALIZED ECONOMY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/04/21/abu-dhabis-financial-free-zone-proposes-legal-framework-for-decentralized-economy/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With a focus on disclosures, liquidation, and governance structures,
Abu Dhabi Global Market's Registration Authority proposed a
legislative framework for distributed ledger technology and is looking
for feedback on it. The "DLT Foundations Regulations 2023" aims to
establish a tailored framework for blockchain projects, including
DAOs. The proposals also address reporting, disclosures, insolvency,
and liquidation measures. This move comes as the UAE has been
attempting to attract crypto and blockchain companies to the region
via favorable regulations. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

GEMINI FOUNDATION â€” A NON-US CRYPTO DERIVATIVES PLATFORM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.gemini.com/blog/introducing-gemini-foundation-a-non-us-crypto-derivatives-platform?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Gemini Foundation is set to launch as a non-US crypto derivatives
platform, initially offering a BTC perpetual contract denominated in
GUSD, followed by an ETH/GUSD contract. The platform will enable
eligible customers to manage risk, attempt to generate returns, and
gain directional exposure. Only available in select countries, it will
not be accessible to US customers. Account funding, funding payments,
fees, and P&L will be in GUSD, with default leverage at 20x and a
maximum of 100x. 

TELEGRAM WALLET USERS CAN NOW BUY, WITHDRAW AND EXCHANGE BITCOIN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://finbold.com/telegram-wallet-users-can-now-buy-withdraw-and-exchange-bitcoin/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Telegram app users can now purchase, withdraw, and exchange Bitcoin
through the Wallet bot, developed by a third party using Telegram's
open bot API. The @wallet web interface allows users to move Bitcoin
through peer-to-peer transactions. Users can also buy Bitcoin with a
bank card in the "Buy & Sell" section. The platform's updated
"Exchange" enables instant swapping of BTC, USDT, and TON. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

7 SANITY CHECKS BEFORE DESIGNING A TOKEN (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/content/article/designing-tokens-sanity-checks-principles-guidance/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article from a16z explores the potential of tokens and the
importance of effective token design, highlighting that the field is
still in its early stages. It presents seven tips for avoiding common
token design pitfalls: 1) Have a clear objective, 2) Evaluate existing
work from first principles, 3) Articulate your assumptions, 4)
Validate your assumptions, 5) Define clear abstraction barriers, 6)
Reduce dependence on exogenous parameters, and 7) Re-validate
assumptions after changes. These guidelines can help token creators
build product-market-fit, avoid flaws, and improve overall token
models for various applications. 

HOW TO COPY MICHAEL SAYLOR AND CREATE YOUR OWN BITCOIN LIGHTNING EMAIL
ADDRESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/137557/how-michael-saylor-create-bitcoin-lightning-email-address?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Lightning Network makes it possible for anyone to set up their own
Lightning email address. This enables users to receive payments in
Bitcoin in a more human-readable format, without needing to generate
an invoice. It's possible to set up a Lightning Address with existing
services like Zebedee, Alby, and Breez, or even with a personal
domain. This post goes through step-by-step instructions for
configuring a Lightning Address to email just like Saylor did. 

TIRED OF DOOMSCROLLING? BUILD A DAILY LEARNING HABIT INSTEAD (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/TLDRCrypto/] 

Youâ€™re already spending hours on your devices â€” might as well
learn something while youâ€™re at it. Brilliantâ€™s bite-sized
interactive lessons [https://brilliant.org/TLDRCrypto/] make it easy
(but not too easy) to sharpen your math and CS skills. Itâ€™s fun,
effective, and takes just 15 minutes a day. Join now to claim a 20%
discount and 30-day free trial for TLDR Crypto readers
[https://brilliant.org/TLDRCrypto/] 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ON COLLECTING A PIECE OF ART (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1649682399020605440.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread from Punk6529 discusses his personal journey of collecting
art, from posters to high-value pieces, and his mindset behind
collecting. The main point he is trying to get across is the
importance of buying what you like, at a level you can afford, and
planning to hold it forever. He then relates this to NFTs, suggesting
that people should enjoy the art without constantly checking its
value, as it takes away the pleasure of owning it. The author also
encourages artists to focus on creating art rather than complaining
about the market and mentions that NFTs democratize art, making it
more accessible to the masses, while acknowledging the chaotic nature
of the digital market. 

NFT MARKETPLACES SALES, USERS DROP TO LOWS NOT SEEN SINCE 2021, DUNE
DATA SHOWS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/04/20/nft-marketplaces-sales-users-drop-to-lows-not-seen-since-2021-dune-data-shows/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Recent data from analytics platform Dune reveals a decline in daily
users and sales across major NFT marketplaces, such as OpenSea and
Blur, reaching lows not visited since July 2021. Unique users dropped
to 7,805 on April 19, while sales decreased to 16,149. The exact
reasons for the decline are unclear, but possible factors include high
gas prices, tax season liquidity issues, and the meme coin trading
frenzy drawing liquidity away from the space. Despite the downturn,
trading volume in ETH has remained relatively stable over the past 30
days. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ON COLLECTIBLES FROM A HISTORICAL POV (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1649411395291602947.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The thread explores humans' historical use of collectibles for wealth
storage and transfer. It highlights evolved instincts for collecting
items and relates these principles to the rise of NFTs. 

THE CRYPTO DETECTIVES ARE CLEANING UP (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/hw6dy?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Cryptocurrency detective firm Chainalysis helps governments crack down
on crypto fraud. Firms like this have honed their techniques as
regulatory scrutiny has ramped up in the space, and they have been
able to successfully identify individuals at the center of numerous
frauds. 

MOST DEFI PROTOCOLS FADE AFTER THEYâ€™RE HACKED, ANALYSIS SHOWS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/defi-projects-fail-to-recover-after-hacks?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article highlights how DeFi protocols often struggle to recover
after hacks, with TVL dropping significantly subsequent to the hacks.
Euler Finance, which recently recouped most of its $200M loss from a
hack, is still facing challenges as the project's token value and
reputation have been affected. 

SOCIAL MEDIA IS DEAD. HERE'S WHY. (23 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.m6labs.co/p/social-media-dead-heres?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Decentralized social media is an alternative to traditional,
centralized platforms, allowing users to have control over data
storage and security. As censorship and regulatory scrutiny have
proliferated lately, decentralized social media platforms like Lens
and Farcaster have been gaining steam. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=aca4eb42-e277-11ed-8165-1919480e9426&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682337638&t=1682338095&s=50a120f313880c197836b2b681258c699e065006caf705852f84c843b41633dc].


Â 