# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-10-2023

A US federal judge rejected the SEC appeal against a judgment that
favored crypto firm Ripple Labs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48d05156-629c-11ee-94a7-91d27753ac33&pt=campaign&t=1696421102&s=e67a801277c5ba0331ba68c1be62eb3f69abd4631c51986431c82a107b128471]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Rise]
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-04

HIRE GLOBALLY, PAY IN CASH OR CRYPTO, AND STAY COMPLIANT (SPONSOR)
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]

Juggling between fiat and crypto payments for your distributed
workforce? Concerned about tax compliance? There‚Äôs a better way than
doing it all yourself.
Rise
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]
is the leading hybrid payroll solution for web3 companies and DAOs,
ensuring fast and frictionless transactions.

Flexible cash or crypto payroll
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]
‚Äî instant routing between fiat and crypto payouts gives each team
member the choice of how to get paid.

Tax compliance across 190+ countries
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]
‚Äî automate global contractor onboarding.

Secure on-chain workforce management
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]
‚Äî identity verification, transaction security, records of
employment, and more.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Trusted by Web3 leaders: Lido Finance, P2P, Bitcoin.com, and
many others.

Book a Rise demo and get 2 months FREE!
[https://offer.riseworks.io/demo-get-2-months-free?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_source=TLDR%20Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC LOSES AGAIN‚ÄîAPPEAL OF LANDMARK RIPPLE RULING REJECTED (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/200041/sec-ripple-ruling-appeal-rejected?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A US federal judge rejected the SEC appeal against a judgment that
favored crypto firm Ripple Labs. According to the judge, the SEC
failed to prove that there was a problem with the initial decision in
the case. For context, the court had previously ruled against the
categorization of Ripple's cryptocurrency token sale as an illegally
unregistered securities offering. The SEC can still appeal following
the case's formal conclusion next April. 

CELSIUS LAWYER SAYS REVIVAL PLANS INCLUDE $450M IN SEED FUNDING (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/celsius-lawyer-says-revival-plans-include-450m-in-seed-funding/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bankrupt crypto lender Celsius has laid out revised plans to exit
bankruptcy with $450 million in fresh funding from Fahrenheit LLC to
kick off the restart. The relaunched company could then work as a
"user-owned Bitcoin miner", aiming to begin repayments to users by the
end of 2023. The recovery plan still needs approval from securities
regulators and the bankruptcy judge. It could face opposition from
some creditors who believe the new firm is overvalued. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

HELIUM HOTSPOTS GO LIVE IN BID TO TURN MIAMI NETWORK PROFITABLE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/helium-miami-tmobile-hotspots-network-cellular?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Nova Labs, the team behind the Helium wireless network, is releasing
at-home hotspots in Miami with a price tag of $250. The new hotspot
rigs are part of Helium's strategy to increase data usage on Helium
hotspots in the place of regular cellular data usage from providers
like T-Mobile. 

THE OP STACK‚ÄôS FAULT PROOF SYSTEM IS LIVE ON OP GOERLI (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.oplabs.co/op-stack-fault-proof-alpha/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The OP Stack has launched its first fault proof system on the OP
Goerli Testnet. The system is made up of a Fault Proof Program, a
Fault Proof Virtual Machine, and a dispute game protocol, all designed
to secure the network and ensure trust. The hope is that a robust
fault proof system will enhance security across all OP Chains and OP
Stack chains. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

5 LESSONS FROM CRYPTO FUND INVESTING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/bennypjacobs/status/1709283236457967960?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Longtime crypto Investor Ben Jacobs reveals his five main lessons from
crypto fund investing. He emphasizes that managing risk is crucial due
to liquid tokens, warns about alpha decay due to crypto's relatively
small market cap, and points out that many funds fail. He highlights
that fund structure plays a key role and ends on a positive note
indicating that the possible returns in the current climate have never
been better. 

LOOKING INTO ARBITRUM GRANT PROPOSALS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ModestusOkoye/status/1709066531101913164?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post goes over Arbitrum grant proposals and discusses the merits
of 7 different projects that applied. Four categories of grants were
listed, with each category having different requirements. These
applications came on the heels of Arbitrum‚Äôs announcement that it
would be funding projects in the ecosystem with 50 million ARB. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY FRIEND TECH IS GREAT (MAYBE THE BEST EVER PONZI) (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.egirlcapital.com/writings/181712053?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog post discusses FriendTech and describes it as a platform
that seems to transform the concept of social signaling by showcasing
personal value and reputation in a quantifiable manner. Users are
encouraged to engage in genuine positive behavior and discourage
fraud, with implications of a reputational game. Overall, FriendTech
could become a significant social layer and leaderboard, evolving into
a protocol for online reputation management. 

CRYPTO-FRIENDLY REP. PATRICK MCHENRY BECOMES SPEAKER PRO TEMP
FOLLOWING HOUSE SPEAKER OUST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/254607/crypto-friendly-rep-patrick-mchenry-becomes-speaker-pro-temp-following-house-speaker-oust?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto-friendly congressman, Patrick T. McHenry, is temporarily taking
over as Speaker of the House following the removal of Rep. Kevin
McCarthy from his leadership role. McHenry, chair of the House
Financial Services Committee, has previously helped advance bills to
regulate cryptocurrency. This development could be a positive for
crypto regulation while McHenry maintains it, but it is uncertain how
long he will remain in the position. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SEC FILES OPPOSITION TO COINBASE‚ÄôS DISMISSAL MOTION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/iampaulgrewal/status/1709317024516817068?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC opposed Coinbase's motion to dismiss its case, repeating old,
unsupported claims that Coinbase listed unregistered securities, a
claim that Coinbase continues to refute. 

ANTHROPIC‚ÄôS VALUATION HELPING OUT WITH FTX RECOVERY PLAN (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://x.com/AFTXcreditor/status/1709345555971707368?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Anthropic, one of the companies FTX/Alameda invested in, recently
announced it was seeking a $20-$30 billion valuation, which would
raise FTX/Alameda‚Äôs stake from a $500 million valuation to $3-$4.5
billion. 

GRAND THEFT AUTO DEV'S FIRST CRYPTO GAME SEES $5 MILLION IN NFT
TRADING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/254575/grand-theft-auto-devs-first-crypto-game-sees-5-million-in-nft-trading?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Take-Two's Zynga, who developed blockchain game "Sugartown," launched
its first NFT collection in September and generated over $5 million in
trading volume from these NFTs in the first month. 

JUMP TRADING LOST ALMOST $300M IN FTX‚ÄôS COLLAPSE, MICHAEL LEWIS SAYS
IN ‚ÄòGOING INFINITE‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/03/jump-trading-lost-almost-300m-in-ftxs-collapse-michael-lewis-says-in-going-infinite/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Jump Trading lost nearly $300 million with FTX's collapse, according
to Michael Lewis‚Äô new book, ‚ÄòGoing Infinite‚Äô. This is just one
of the many interesting details coming to light in the book about FTX
and those who worked with FTX. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=48d05156-629c-11ee-94a7-91d27753ac33&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696420818&t=1696421102&s=46921ec87ddd4e53e2377cf7bef9a0434b330fd1eb6706165b30cc1cad463f4e].