# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-01-2023

Binance has admitted to merging funds for dozens of tokens issued on
Binance Smart Chain with customer funds.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=75a03094-9c99-11ed-9224-a7adbd1e63f9&pt=campaign&t=1674652093&s=c9542b451a36337189478abe066f5170ad95d12c2cd31925c9d04d6c7a177bd4]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-25

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE ADMITS IT COMMINGLED CUSTOMER FUNDS WITH TOKEN RESERVES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://protos.com/binance-admits-it-commingled-customer-funds-with-token-reserves/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Binance has admitted to merging funds for dozens of tokens issued on
Binance Smart Chain with customer funds. Backing for dozens of tokens
was stored and comingled in an exchange cold wallet rather than being
kept separate. Binance says it is currently in the process of
resolving the issue but that it always had adequate assets in reserve
to cover the tokens. It was previously reported that Binance's BUSD
had insufficient backing for extended periods of time. 

CZ ALLEGES FTX PAID $43M TO RUN BINANCE FUD IN MEDIA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://crypto.news/cz-alleges-ftx-paid-43m-to-run-binance-fud-in-media/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Changpeng Zhao alleges that FTX is responsible for funding most of the
recent FUD reports regarding Binance. He claims that FTX paid a crypto
news publishing site over $43 million to publish negative articles
about Binance. Questions about Binance's proof-of-reserves and rumors
that several Binance executives would be arrested surfaced in
December. Sam Bankman-Fried has previously accused Zhao of
contributing to the decline of FTX. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

KORIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/MetisDAO/status/1617557940306874369?s=20&t=WBwXOqq8Or8dUSfQU3bNQw]


KORIS is an end-to-end operational system for Decentralized Autonomous
Companies. It is designed to meet the specific requirements of
businesses by implementing smart contracts for company operations.
KORIS offers a set of tools that improve the efficiency of business
operations. These tools include task management, community management,
and payment management. KORIS is currently in closed beta and will be
gradually made available to allow-listed DAOs, businesses, and
communities. A link to the waitlist is available. 

INDEX COOP LAUNCHES DIVERSIFIED STAKED ETH TOKEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/index-coop-staked-eth-index-token?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Index Coop has introduced a new index token named dsETH. It will
consist of three different liquid staking derivatives (LSDs) of Ether:
rETH, stETH, and sETH2, with the largest initial allocation being
43.9% for rETH. The index may include new LSDs in the future, with a
preference given to more decentralized options. Index Coop will charge
a 0.25% yearly streaming fee to dsETH holders. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHAT ARE THE CURRENT RISKS IN TODAY'S MARKET? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://revelointel.substack.com/p/what-are-the-current-risks-in-todays?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=1041583&post_id=98395740&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This page contains notes from a podcast that discusses DCG, Gemini,
Genesis, Grayscale, the 3AC GBTC trade, and more. It goes into
Genesis' and DCG's current issues and the implications that DCG's
problems will have on the future of the crypto market. DCG is now
trying to raise capital through any means necessary and it is
considering selling its broader venture portfolio, valued at nearly $3
billion, in order to raise the capital they need. 

ACCOUNT ABSTRACTION FOR EVERYONE ELSE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://camiinthisthang.substack.com/p/account-abstraction-for-everyone?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This guide covers the concept of account abstraction. Account
abstraction refers to the ability to set the validity of conditions of
a transaction programmatically. There are two types of account
abstraction: stateless and stateful. Stateless account abstraction
doesn't depend on external state and doesn't have any side effects,
while stateful account abstraction can depend on external state and
has access to the chain's state. Account abstraction is a necessary
tool for achieving a web2-like experience while maintaining the
custodial properties of web3. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE YEAR AHEAD (41 MINUTE READ)
[https://panteracapital.com/blockchain-letter/the-year-ahead/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


2022 was the worst-ever year on record for US bond investors.
Blockchain technology remained remarkably resilient despite historic
disasters and the poor market conditions for risk assets. This article
looks at the events of 2022 and provides a market outlook for 2023. It
seems clear that the world's financial infrastructure will eventually
move to blockchain-based systems, but we still need to figure out what
steps are required to achieve the transition. 

THE PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE OF AIRDROP DESIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://rabbithole.mirror.xyz/Q-jEQx_DG0jD4pj5r18T3mO8j8VPKqE4TURZgaBJ5tA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Airdrops are a form of incentive that distributes tokens to network
participants as a reward for contributing resources. Incentives are
used by traditional companies to drive growth, engagement, and
organizational alignment. In crypto, they are used to drive user
acquisition, retention, engagement, and align long-term protocol
contributors and governance participants. This article discusses the
history of airdrops and why a phased approach that drives faster
feedback cycles will form the next era of airdrop programs. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

GENESIS CH 11 FINDING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/ramahluwalia/status/1617315466669879298] 

This Twitter thread provides a timeline showing how GBTC went to a 50%
discount. 

WASABI WALLET WILL PAY YOU TO 'CRACK' A BITCOIN WALLET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/24/wasabi-wallet-will-pay-you-to-crack-a-bitcoin-wallet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Hunting Sats game is designed to teach people about seed phrase
security and to demonstrate how brute force is more achievable if
users reveal a part of their seed. 

COINBASE TRADING VOLUME INCREASES IN JANUARY WHILE OTHER EXCHANGES SEE
DECLINES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/24/coinbase-trading-volume-increased-in-january-while-other-exchanges-saw-declines-jpmorgan/?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=feedly&utm_campaign=headlines?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Coinbase's reputation as a trustworthy exchange is paying off. 

AAVE COMMUNITY VOTING TO DEPLOY VERSION 3 ON ETHEREUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/24/aave-community-voting-to-deploy-its-v3-on-ethereum/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave V3 will be the most significant upgrade to the Aave Protocol
since it launched in 2017. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=75a03094-9c99-11ed-9224-a7adbd1e63f9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674651640&t=1674652093&s=2445d106831bb6e23cb31b9b9a4e3cdb1f9570efa03c136b94d871911341ebd7].


Â 