# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-10-2023

Crypto company Genesis has been ordered by a US bankruptcy court to
pay a $175 million settlement to FTXÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dd84b660-698c-11ee-bc99-372fec87feda&pt=campaign&t=1697198906&s=9947e4a43b760fd967dccf4dbe41151caa03e6e0d47e3b5c00d9796b76b0be36]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-13

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 GENESIS HALTS WITHDRAWALS AFTER COURT ORDERS TO PAY $175M TO FTX (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://beincrypto.com/genesis-withdrawals-pay-millions-ftx/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Crypto company Genesis has been ordered by a US bankruptcy court to
pay a $175 million settlement to FTX after a legal dispute resulting
from FTX's financial collapse last fall. This settlement was in
response to FTXâ€™s allegations that Genesis owed $3.9 billion to the
firm from both loans and withdrawals it had made. 

 CFTC CHARGES VOYAGER CO-FOUNDER STEPHEN EHRLICH WITH FRAUD (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/256200/cftc-charges-voyager-co-founder-stephen-ehrlich-with-fraud?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The CFTC has accused Stephen Ehrlich, co-founder of Voyager Digital,
of fraudulent activities and failing to register with the regulatory
body. Ehrlich reportedly misled customers about the financial status
of the crypto lending firm, promising high yet safe returns,
subsequently leading to the firm's bankruptcy and significant customer
losses. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission has banned Voyager
from managing consumer assets, charging Ehrlich for false insurance
claims for customer accounts. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 GREENLIGHT IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.blockstream.com/greenlight-is-now-open-for-business/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Blockstream has officially launched its Greenlight service for
general commercial use. The Lightning-as-a-Service solution offers
scalable, non-custodial functionality, managing the complexities of
operating a Lightning node. The service separates the Lightning node
into smaller components, leaving key management to the user while
managing the rest of the node on Blockstream's infrastructure.
Developers can now concentrate on app development and business growth,
freeing resources from node operations, reducing the risk and cost of
holding user funds, and ensuring the security of transactions. 

 LAYERZEROâ€™S â€˜GAS STATIONâ€™ WILL SIMPLIFY CROSS-CHAIN NFT SWAPS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/layerzero-magic-eden-nft-swaps-gas-station?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 LayerZero, a cross-chain messaging protocol platform, in conjunction
with Magic Eden, has introduced a gas abstraction tool to aid with
cross-chain NFT swaps. This development comes as Magic Eden integrates
the ONFT standard created by LayerZero. The gas abstraction tool known
as â€œGas Station'' will simplify the purchase and transfer of NFTs
between chains. Initially, the feature will be available on Ethereum
and Polygon before being rolled out to other protocols. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 BITCOIN Q3 OVERVIEW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reflexivityresearch.com/free-reports/bitcoin-q3-overview?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This report breaks down Bitcoinâ€™s performance in the quarter.
Bitcoin declined by 11.5% in Q3, but it has remained relatively
strong, outpacing most major asset classes. Despite diminished US
interest and overall market apathy, long-term Bitcoin holders now own
over 76% of the supply, demonstrating the cryptocurrency's stable
base. Key metrics, such as Grayscaleâ€™s discount to net asset value
and the MVRV ratio are also signaling possible market recovery. 

 ZK STATE CHANNELS FOR ON-CHAIN GAMES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/MohamedFFouda/status/1712193022085992456?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This thread discusses the potential of Zero-Knowledge Proof State
Channels - an innovative solution for scaling Ethereum, particularly
for multiplayer on-chain games. Essentially, these channels allow
state changes off-chain with the final state committed on-chain,
resulting in reduced costs. Though there are some challenges -
inactive players causing increased costs - the overall approach
presents promising advantages, as it significantly enhances scaling
multiplayer games. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 COINBASE TELLS IRS IT HAS 'SERIOUS CONCERNS' ABOUT PROPOSED TAX RULES
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/256239/coinbase-tells-irs-it-has-serious-concerns-about-proposed-tax-rules?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Coinbase raised concerns in a letter to the IRS about proposed tax
regulations on cryptocurrency transactions, describing them as
invasive and burdensome. The crypto exchange claimed the rules would
lead to excessive governmental surveillance and pose an impractical
compliance timeline. The company stated that it plans to elaborate its
concerns in a future correspondence. 

 STATELESS CLIENTS: A PATH TO DECENTRALIZATION IN ETHEREUM (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/ohotties.eth/OcQJY6mhXWo_42AlmoFnsU6smW8BGY4ea4-2I7RzDPE?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Ethereum's increasing usage has posed potential problems, including
reduced decentralization and scalability issues. A solution proposed
by Vitalik Buterin years ago, stateless clients, could help solve
these challenges. Stateless clients use cryptographic proofs called
"witnesses," which reduce the storage and bandwidth requirements of
running a full node. This could lead to greater decentralization and
higher transaction throughput, although it also presents its own set
of challenges that need further research. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 THNDR TARGETS $95 BILLION GAMBLING SECTOR WITH NEW BITCOIN LIGHTNING
API (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinmagazine.com/business/thndr-targets-95-billion-gambling-sector-with-new-bitcoin-lightning-api?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 THNDR has introduced Clinch, an API leveraging the Bitcoin Lightning
Network for quick, low-fee, peer-to-peer wagers. It allows bets of
tiny amounts (fractions of a dollar), which is something that is not
feasible with traditional payment mechanisms. 

 SEED PHRASES STORED IN LASTPASS BEING COMPROMISED (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/iamDCinvestor/status/1712239315374277093?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 There have been several reports of people who stored their seed
phrases on LastPass in the past recently getting their wallets
completely drained. 

 UNISWAP LAUNCHES ANDROID WALLET BETA FOR GOOGLE PLAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/uniswap-launches-android-wallet-beta-for-google-play?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 After only having been available on PC and iOS, Uniswap has launched
a beta version of its wallet on Android. Some interesting features it
has are automatic network detection, private transaction routing, and
fee visibility. 

 MANUFACTURING CONSENSUS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://drydenbrown.posthaven.com/manufacturing-consensus?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Decentralization in crypto projects, while regulatory-driven,
inadvertently centralizes power to 'Opinion Leaders', increasing
industry fragility. This post argues that a balanced regulatory model
is needed. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dd84b660-698c-11ee-bc99-372fec87feda&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697198431&t=1697198906&s=19c420592684a4b23b9ca78aae8dc287f7ca66c2e6bdd6da48aed1af5ebb0cb3].