# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-10-2023

VanEck is planning to launch an Ethereum Strategy ETFÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9aef84aa-60ff-11ee-8969-65dc739edb4f&pt=campaign&t=1696248298&s=d85c051925c91500da6e3670fb0c3961393d338143a785e0ec6eadaf6835989c]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-02

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

VANECK TO DONATE ETF PROFITS TO ETHEREUM CORE DEVS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/vaneck_us/status/1707888396171977036?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

VanEck is planning to launch an Ethereum Strategy ETF (EFUT) and has
committed to donating 10% of its profits to Protocol Guild for at
least a decade. Protocol Guild is a funding mechanism that supports
the maintenance and development of Ethereum's core protocol. The
company says this donation is both a recognition of Ethereum builders'
contribution and an investment in its future adoption. 

SEC CONTINUES FILING FRENZY, DELAYING BITCOIN ETFS FROM FIDELITY,
VANECK, AND WISDOMTREE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/253620/sec-continues-filing-frenzy-delaying-bitcoin-etfs-from-fidelity-vaneck-and-wisdomtree?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC has delayed decisions on proposed spot Bitcoin ETFs from
WisdomTree, VanEck, and Fidelity, requesting further input. At this
point, there is a 21-day public comment period with an additional
35-day rebuttal period, indicating that the approval process may
extend for several more months. The SEC is also seeking fresh
perspectives on a proposed surveillance-sharing agreement with crypto
exchange Coinbase. This follows similar delays for proposals from
BlackRock, Invesco, Valkyrie, and Bitwise. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PERIMETER BY CIRCLE: A CREDIT PROTOCOL FOR BLOCKCHAIN-NATIVE DEBT
MARKETS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/circlefin/perimeter-protocol?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Circle Research has released Perimeter Protocol, an open-source tool
for building credit applications. The Solidity-based contracts
powering this protocol enable loan management and delegation.
Perimeter offers integration with open identity standards, as well as
a variety of credit tools without a need for protocol tokens. 

ROME PROTOCOL: THE SHARED SEQUENCER USING SOLANA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x83037f3049971Ee6b998EFA1Aa2Fa9F455d110dE/_D35DY-iUHXxVWqQb7aGTh7cvl9Bc57EPkk8odnCHvI?1?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Rome Protocol plans to utilize Solana as a shared sequencer network
for Ethereum rollups, offering improved speed, interoperability, and
efficiency for cross-rollup transactions. Leveraging Solana's
strengths will assist with atomic composability, enabling smooth
bridging and arbitrage operations while maintaining identical rollup
states. Using Solana should also improve MEV searching and handle the
fragmented liquidity issue in the rollup ecosystem. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SHOULD ETHEREUM BE OKAY WITH ENSHRINING MORE THINGS IN THE PROTOCOL?
(30 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/09/30/enshrinement.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post from Vitalik Buterin talks about the tradeoffs of
â€˜enshriningâ€™ more features into Ethereum. While enshrining
features can help avoid centralization risks, complicating the base
layer can result in systemic risks. Buterin argues that developers
need to consider whether the trust and governance load of a particular
new feature will weaken Ethereum's credible neutrality and increase
complexity. 

NAVIGATING GAS MARKETS AND THEIR SOLUTIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/chilla_ct/status/1707792898887160089?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread explains how some innovative solutions for gas market
challenges are being developed to address challenges in the space.
Finite blockspace limits smart contract and transaction execution on
blockchains, and gas fees - which reflect computational resource usage
- are being addressed with solutions such as gas fees/blockspace
trading, new futures and swap markets, fixed-price transaction
subscriptions, and gas price derivatives. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE STABLE IS THE AESTHETIC (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://rodarmor.com/blog/the-stable-is-the-aesthetic/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog post from Casey Rodarmor, the creator of the Ordinals
Protocol, attempts to explain how he sees his role in the space.
Rodarmor details how he thinks his responsibilities are to keep laying
out new ideas, extend Ordinals, and propose new ways to work with
bitcoin. He also explains that he does not see himself having the
final say in new development as that is up to the Ordinals community. 

SCALING BLOCKCHAINS: THE POWER OF BATCHING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decentralizedthoughts.github.io/2023-09-30-scaling/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog addresses blockchain scalability issues, walking through
challenges like transaction replication, execution, and consensus
protocols which traditionally increase with the number of validators,
hampering scalability. The author suggests these issues can be
mitigated through the use of batching and modern cryptography.
However, there's no blockchain currently using an all-batching model.
Furthermore, batching adds latency, posing potential benefits for
latency-sensitive transactions. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THREE ARROWS CAPITAL CO-FOUNDER ZHU ARRESTED IN SINGAPORE AIRPORT,
SENTENCED TO FOUR MONTHS IN PRISON (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/29/three-arrows-capital-co-founder-zhu-arrested-in-singapore-airport-sentenced-four-months-in-prison/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Su Zhu was arrested in Singapore for not complying with liquidation
processes. Orders were also issued for Kyle Davies, Zhuâ€™s
co-founder, to be arrested as well, though he is still at large. 

VALKYRIE ETF TO 'UNWIND' ETH FUTURES POSITION â€” AT LEAST FOR NOW (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/valkyrie-etf-ether-futures-unwind?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Valkyrie reversed its ether futures holdings product, a quick
aboutface after announcing its ETF would hold ether futures positions
only a day prior. 

WHY BRINGING REAL-WORLD ASSETS ONCHAIN IS IMPORTANT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://variant.fund/articles/why-bringing-real-world-assets-onchain-is-important/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this blog, Variant discusses the potential of real-world assets
on-chain, emphasizing benefits like broadening access, enhancing
off-chain asset utility, and improving traditional capital market
efficiency. 

MILLIONS IN ETHER TIED TO FTX 'HACKER' ON THE MOVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/09/30/millions-in-ether-tied-to-ftx-account-drainer-on-the-move/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Around 2,500 ether from last year's FTX exchange exploit moved after
nearly a year - it was split and transferred through various
protocols. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9aef84aa-60ff-11ee-8969-65dc739edb4f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696248099&t=1696248298&s=c3867061b937a375896d389038b05d46a3d5770f68738fdbf386ea3742f58836].