# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-02-2023

Sam Bankman-Fried is now staying at his parents house, spending his
days on calls with lawyers and journalistsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=16fe33f4-a920-11ed-aec9-a55638adc169&pt=campaign&t=1676034385&s=248e55b2dcffc12c126ec07a29775eae18394aba84cc0b2256f6d2a159cc9267]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-10

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO EXCHANGE KRAKEN ENDS STAKING PROGRAM IN $30 MILLION SEC
SETTLEMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/dZfPP?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Kraken has agreed to pay $30 million to settle the Securities and
Exchange Commission's allegations that it violated US securities laws
with its crypto-asset staking products. The exchange will discontinue
the products. The case makes it clear that staking-as-a-service
providers must register and provide full, fair, and truthful
disclosure and investor protection. 

STABLECOIN ISSUER TETHER REPORTS $700M PROFIT FOR Q4 2022 (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/09/stablecoin-issuer-tether-reports-700m-profit-for-q4-2022/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tether reported a $700 million fourth-quarter profit. It decreased
secured loans by $300 in accordance with a plan to reduce them to zero
this year. Tether completely moved away from holding commercial paper
as part of the reserves backing its USDT token, achieving a goal set
for the end of 2022. The majority of Tether's holdings ($39.2 billion)
were in US Treasury bills as of December 31. The remaining $67 billion
of assets were distributed across money market funds, cash, and other
items. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

DEFI GIANT MAKERDAO TO INTRODUCE AAVE RIVAL DUBBED SPARK PROTOCOL (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/09/defi-giant-makerdao-to-introduce-aave-rival-dubbed-spark-protocol/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


MakerDAO is releasing a lending platform to rival Aave. Spark Protocol
is a fork of Aave V3. It will allow users to borrow, lend, and stake
with DAI. The protocol will be reinforced by pricing oracles provided
by Chronicle Labs and Chainlink. MakerDAO formed Phoenix Labs to build
Spark Protocol. 

AAVE DEPLOYS NATIVE STABLECOIN GHO ON ETHEREUM TESTNET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/09/aave-deploys-native-stablecoin-gho-on-ethereum-testnet/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave has deployed its native stablecoin GHO on Ethereum's Goerli
testnet. Developers can now access the stablecoin's codebase and test
how it works. GHO's mainnet release date is still being determined by
the community. The stablecoin was audited by several blockchain code
auditing firms prior to its testnet release. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

INTRODUCING INFINITYPOOLS: OR HOW I LEARNED TO STOP WORRYING AND LOVE
LEVERAGE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://infpools.medium.com/introducing-infinitypools-or-how-i-learned-to-stop-worrying-and-love-leverage-9b44fc8367b6?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explains how InfinityPools works and how it solves issues
with perpetual futures and leverage trades. InfinityPools is a
protocol that makes 'good' leverage accessible to everyone. It closes
positions perfectly, solving many issues that other protocols have.
InfinityPools allows traders to have unlimited leverage for any asset
and avoid liquidations altogether without any counterparty risk. 

NOSLEEP READING LIST V18 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/nosleepjon/status/1623430858047725568?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread contains a reading list for everything web3 and
crypto. It covers a wide range of topics, including bridges, scaling,
stealth addresses and privacy on Ethereum, crypto use cases, and
sovereign communities. A link to a more complete reading list is
available. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

â€˜SAM? ARE YOU THERE?!â€™ THE BIZARRE AND BRUTAL FINAL HOURS OF FTX
(40 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/ReIko?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

This article talks about, in detail, the story of FTX and the events
that happened in the hours before it fell. It contains emails and
excerpts from internal company chats. Sam Bankman-Fried is now staying
at his parents' house, spending his days on calls with lawyers and
journalists or writing long reflections on what happened. He continues
to claim that the bankruptcy filing was a pivotal error. 

OPERATION CHOKE POINT 2.0 IS UNDERWAY, AND CRYPTO IS IN ITS CROSSHAIRS
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.piratewires.com/p/crypto-choke-point?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=55605&post_id=101709817&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the state of crypto regulation and the direction
it is moving in. The US government is attempting to ban crypto by
using the banking sector to facilitate a crackdown against the crypto
industry. Regulators have made it clear that public blockchains are
unacceptably risky for a bank. This could lead to crypto businesses
being denied access to banking services, stablecoins being unable to
manage transfers to and from crypto, and exchanges being cut off from
the banking system. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THREE ARROWS CAPITAL FOUNDERS LAUNCH EXCHANGE WHERE YOU CAN TRADE 3AC
BANKRUPTCY CLAIMS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/09/three-arrows-capital-founders-launch-exchange-where-you-can-trade-3ac-bankruptcy-claims/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Open Exchange will be a place for trading the $20 billion market of
claims against bankrupt crypto firms. 

OP DROP #2 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://optimism.mirror.xyz/lPZEkFF7LU2ZlrO-dsV3p_LtWQUaknFGfxFMgSz3vGA?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


11.7 million OP tokens will be distributed to over 300,000 addresses
to reward positive-sum governance participation and power users of the
Optimism Mainnet. 

CELSIUS FACES â€˜LOOMING LIQUIDITY CLIFF IN JUNEâ€™, SAYS CREDITORS
COMMITTEE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120953/celsius-faces-looming-liquidity-cliff-june-says-creditors-committee?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A motion was filed in late January asking the court to push the
deadline for Celsius to submit a restructuring plan back to March 31. 

UMAMI FINANCE CEO DUMPS ALL TOKENS AFTER WEEK-LONG DRAMA, LEAVING
CRYPTO HOPEFULS STRANDED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/09/umami-finance-ceo-dumps-all-tokens-after-week-long-drama-leaving-crypto-hopefuls-stranded/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Umami is making changes to the mechanism of its native UMAMI token and
moving towards a decentralized autonomous organization structure. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=16fe33f4-a920-11ed-aec9-a55638adc169&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676034013&t=1676034385&s=9be2c2217af77a881953a2871df9cddd329caea15b8349a2c42bc0d3e29b5785].


Â 