# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-08-2023

Bankrupt cryptocurrency exchange FTX is looking to stake, sell, and
hedge its ~$3 billion in digital assetsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2379ebee-4332-11ee-8c0c-b7d3e0acf499&pt=campaign&t=1692965256&s=79a7b2b5cea11d2bc807773a5cb1af57793d10848e6a4187f79e213f51e8b15b]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-25

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX TAPS GALAXY TO SELL, STAKE, AND HEDGE ITS CRYPTO BILLIONS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/24/ftx-taps-galaxy-to-sell-stake-and-hedge-its-crypto-billions/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bankrupt cryptocurrency exchange FTX is looking to stake, sell, and
hedge its ~$3 billion in digital assets. FTX wants to hire Mike
Novogratzâ€™s Galaxy as an advisor to optimize its sales. The
company's goal is to protect the value of the holdings through
calculated trading, potentially via weekly sales limits, and
ultimately return funds to users in fiat instead of crypto. 

MASTERCARD, BINANCE TO END CRYPTO CARD PARTNERSHIP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/mastercard-binance-end-crypto-card-partnership-2023-08-24/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Mastercard and crypto exchange Binance will terminate their
cryptocurrency card programs in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, and
Bahrain from September 22. The cards enabled payments in traditional
currencies using cryptocurrency holdings. The termination will not
affect Mastercard's other crypto card initiatives. This move comes
amidst Binance facing ongoing regulatory challenges, including a US
lawsuit for alleged deceptive practices. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BEAM INTRODUCES INSTANT PAYOUTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/beam_cash/status/1694409184563925367?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Beam has launched a product called Instant Payouts. Instant Payouts
allows users to send crypto from their cold or hot wallets directly to
their debit card and receive funds on the same day. Beam charges a 1%
fee, similar to Venmo and CashApp. Instant Payouts is live on
Ethereum, Solana, Avalanche, and Polygon. 

MAPLE BRINGS CASH MANAGEMENT SOLUTION TO SOLANA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://maple.finance/news/maple-brings-cash-management-solution-to-solana/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Maple Finance is returning to Solana to launch its Cash Management
Solution, which could provide DAOs, corporate treasuries, and
high-net-worth individuals access to yield backed by US Treasury
Bills. The pool will accept deposits of USDC-spl, targeting the
current 1-month US Treasury bill rate minus fees, and will not impose
additional costs on lenders. Maple Finance's return is just one of
many big news items on Solana this week. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

CRYOGEN (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/banteg/cryogen?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Cryogen is a tool designed to effectively consolidate extracted
datasets from Ethereum while boosting query performance and reducing
disk space. It does this by consolidating datasets in place and
merging parquets into larger files to keep the dataset updated
regularly. Caution is advised when using Cryogen with Cryo as it may
output duplicate data in the dataset. 

12 INDUSTRY-SHIFTING INNOVATIONS ON SOLANA FROM THE PAST WEEK (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/KEMOS4BE/status/1694466000375468472?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The news cycle on Solana really picked up speed this past week.
Highlights include a direct integration with Shopify, a new ChatGPT
plugin, the return of treasury management solution Maple, private
token swaps with Elusiv, $3 million seed fundraising for collectible
content company DRiP, and video call token-gating via Brave. Other
notable mentions were the rollout of Solana Sign-In and the launch of
the first euro stablecoin on Solana. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NEW TORNADO CASH INDICTMENTS SEEM TO RUN COUNTER TO FINCEN GUIDANCE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coincenter.org/new-tornado-cash-indictments-seem-to-run-counter-to-fincen-guidance/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Roman Storm and Roman Semenov have been charged with allegedly
operating an unregistered money transmitting service. The allegations
seem unclear as they appear to have functioned as anonymous software
providers within FinCEN's guidelines rather than as money
transmitters. The case revolves around whether they had "independent
control" over funds transmitted. The specifics of whether they
controlled the smart contracts remain ambiguous. 

COINBASE OUTLINES DECENTRALIZATION PLAN FOR BASE WITH FAULT PROOFS AND
OP CLIENT DIVERSITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/247268/coinbase-base-optimism?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase announced plans to decentralize the Base network, aiming to
create a system where no single entity has control. Working alongside
the Optimism Collective and OP Labs, Coinbase will implement fault
proofs and diverse client software to avoid censorship. Additionally,
they will contribute to the OP Stack infrastructure and help form a
"security council" for the Superchain to further enhance security and
decentralization. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

A QUICK COMPARISON BETWEEN CHAINLINKâ€™S CCIP AND LAYERZERO (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/CatfishFishy/status/1693979111503380988?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Chainlinkâ€™s new CCIP product enables cross-chain trading, lending,
and more and has some crossover with LayerZero functionality. This
tweet provides a comparison of the two focused on their security
models. 

IS COINBASEâ€™S BASE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE LAW? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/adamscochran/status/1694361567804915858?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbaseâ€™s L2 Base has been accused of violating federal laws. This
thread breaks down why thatâ€™s not the case. 

RETHINKING TOKEN INCENTIVES FOR CONSUMER ADOPTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/icebreakerlabs.eth/xDKxKWdxiBn7waxTq9o-LaQi2UhkSO1g3xrqJRtft3Y?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog explains why current crypto incentive systems, like token
rewards and airdrops, are insufficient for mainstream adoption. It
instead suggests that web3 products should draw from Web 2.0 loyalty
programs, where incentives are based on higher psychological
motivators like status and curiosity. 

ON LSTS AND THE DISCUSSION AROUND STAKING CONCENTRATION (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/jon_charb/status/1694734502373765316?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread explains why the framing and discussions around the
concentration of staking between different protocols is misguided and
could be harmful to the space. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2379ebee-4332-11ee-8c0c-b7d3e0acf499&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692964819&t=1692965256&s=4dfa03e0464fa1fc3a8e0084928c413a9fc5bffd9858f72c68216965643426ca].