# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-12-2023

A US judge issued a warning of possible sanctions against attorneys
from the SEC  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-12-04

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 U.S. JUDGE WARNS SEC OVER 'FALSE AND MISLEADING' REQUEST IN CRYPTO
CASE (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 A US judge issued a warning of possible sanctions against attorneys
from the SEC, accusing them of making "false and misleading" arguments
to freeze the assets of a cryptocurrency firm Debt Box. The judge
stated that SEC's misrepresentations caused "irreparable harm" and
undermined the integrity of the case. This came after Debt Box proved
it hadn't moved funds abroad. 

 STARKNET FOUNDATION CONFIRMS SCREENSHOTS SHOWING DRAFT AIRDROP PLANS,
SAYS SNAPSHOT ALREADY TAKEN (2 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 The Starknet Foundation has addressed rumors about an upcoming
airdrop following the leak of two screenshots revealing early draft
plans. The foundation confirmed that the eligibility cutoff date for
the airdrop is already set and further actions will not affect
users’ eligibility for the airdrop. As previously announced, the
airdrop is part of a community reward linked to the issuance of 10
billion STRK tokens. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 ADVENT OF CRYPTO DATA (GITHUB REPO) [7] 

 Paradigm and crypto data companies partnered up to launch the Advent
of Crypto Data Calendar. Throughout Advent, each participating company
will roll out a new launch or feature on one of these days.
Information about each day's featured project can be found on the
calendar, including links to the announcement and company info. 

 BAMM BAMM BAMM; THE REVOLUTIONARY PRIMITIVE DECENTRALIZING THE DEFI
TRINITY (4 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 The Frax Core Team is developing a trustless leveraging primitive
called BAMM, a Borrow AMM. The system allows users to leverage any
token, without requiring oracles. The tool enables borrowing from an
LP pool securely and caters to multiple parts of The DeFi Trinity. It
works by maintaining its solvency and not accruing bad debt. BAMM is
launching exclusively on Fraxchain in early 2024. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 ENTENDRE INTRODUCES THE WORLD’S FIRST AI COPILOT FOR WEB3
ACCOUNTING (SPONSOR) [9] 

 Meet your new AI and GPT-powered super-accountant [9] for Web3.
Entendre handles automated bookkeeping, real time reports, month-end
close processes, and a whole lot more.
⛓️ Automates the accounting cycle [9] for on-chain activity

🔌 Is easily integrated into your existing ERP system

🧾 Acts as a system of record

👉 Setup your free demo [9] now to witness superhuman Web3
accounting in action [9]

 ETHEREUM'S SUPPLY CHAIN, PART 2 (18 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This article analyzes the need for Enshrined Proposer-Builder
Separation in the Ethereum network to combat centralization issues. It
also explores various design proposals for implementing ePBS,
including the Two-slot PBS, Payload-timeliness Committee, and
protocol-enforced proposer commitments approaches. Also discussed are
future proposed changes to Ethereum that ePBS needs to account for,
along with general challenges and concerns for the design. 

 MAXIMIZE RETURN ON DEX SWAPS (3 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This thread provides a comprehensive guide on how to efficiently use
DEX swaps for the best returns. It recommends using a DEX aggregator
like 1inch or DefiLlama and recommends measures against MEV such as
using a Flashbots RPC. The author also stresses the importance of
finding the best pools and utilizing services like Gashawk to save on
transaction fees. There are ancillary benefits to consider like using
DEX aggregators that have airdrops on the horizon. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ETH VS. SOL - THE REAL ISSUES (5 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This thread discusses the inherent differences and issues in Ethereum
and Solana's tech and economic models. It mentions Solana's focus on
better scaling by shifting costs onto dapp teams rather than users,
contrasting with Ethereum's user-centered cost model. The thread also
touches on decentralization, security concerns, and the implications
of Solana's smart contract model. It concludes by questioning both
networks' efficacy in maintaining autonomy and resisting censorship. 

 TIA IS MODULAR MONEY (4 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 This blog lays out a thesis for Celestia, a new blockchain scaling
technology, promising enhanced performance via modular blockchains.
Its utility token, TIA, serves multiple purposes including Proof of
Stake and gas payment, driving security, and rollup creation. The
model is expected to provide hundreds of rollups using Celestia,
forming a scalable ecosystem. Finally, Celestia has the potential to
become a leading force in data availability, which may put pressure on
other rollup frameworks including Optimism, Arbitrum, and Polygon. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 BITCOIN ETF APPROVAL WINDOW OPENS SOON—HERE ARE THE DATES TO WATCH
(2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 With the bitcoin ETF approval windows coming up and anticipation
around those approvals mounting, this article lays out some of the key
dates you should be looking out for over the next several weeks. 

 ZKML WITH ACCELERATED HARDWARE (2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 This thread provides an example of a company, EZKL, integrating
Icicle GPU acceleration into their ZKML system to increase efficiency.
It achieved a 98% reduction in MSM times and 35% in total proof time. 

 TRACKING TIME TO FINALITY OF L2 TRANSACTIONS (10 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 This blog focuses on improving understanding of finality in rollups,
emphasizing the strongest confirmation rule against double-spend
attacks, and addressing complexities in rollup confirmation rules. 

 COINBASE HAS NO PLANS TO LAUNCH BASE TOKEN: CEO BRIAN ARMSTRONG (3
MINUTE READ) [17] 

 In a recent interview, Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong confirmed that
the company had no plans to launch a token for its L2 network Base,
focusing instead on its integration and growth with a variety of
protocols. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=a6bed6b2-9266-11ee-853c-b5699238fbed&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1701695039&amp;s=5d7aa30c304cd7f3acd61c653ebe1a1e331832a079137daa3f49c5fe17b672b2
[5] https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/12/01/us-judge-warns-sec-over-false-and-misleading-request-in-crypto-case/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.theblock.co/post/265588/starknet-foundation-confirms-screenshots-showing-draft-airdrop-plans-says-snapshot-already-taken?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://paradigmxyz.github.io/advent-of-crypto-data/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://flywheeldefi.com/article/bamm-revolutionary-primative?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://entendre.finance/?utm_campaign=TLDR&amp;utm_medium=paid&amp;utm_source=ads&amp;hubspot_page_name=tldr_paid
[10] https://www.umbraresearch.xyz/writings/ethereum-supply-chain-part-2?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://twitter.com/OlimpioCrypto/status/1730203431296544901?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://twitter.com/lex_node/status/1730993147180720414?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://nosleep.substack.com/p/tia-is-modular-money?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://decrypt.co/208252/bitcoin-etf-window-soon-here-are-dates-watch?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/ezklxyz/status/1729492586463629526?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://medium.com/l2beat/tracking-time-to-finality-of-l2-transactions-051d32f5d5ba?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://decrypt.co/208133/coinbase-no-plans-base-token-ceo-brian-armstrong?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=a6bed6b2-9266-11ee-853c-b5699238fbed&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1701694852&amp;t=1701695039&amp;s=3c02f2d7ded86f8a09e226c2ab63e035bd0018dd145137f06aa541398b3edf0a