# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-08-2023

Crypto news outlet CoinDesk is reportedly planning staff cuts as it
nears the close of a $125m deal¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=42f61e7c-3b51-11ee-86da-955780d70645&pt=campaign&t=1692101062&s=59f5a3958d58e93926dcbef0bfd2d3a69fce99ddc380471c15ffea5936d000fe]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-15

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINDESK TO LAY OFF PART OF EDITORIAL STAFF IN PREPARATION FOR SALE OF
STAKE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/coindesk-to-lay-off-part-editorial-staff-preparation-for-sale-of-stake-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto news outlet CoinDesk is reportedly planning staff cuts as it
nears the close of a $125m deal led by crypto investors Matthew Roszak
and Peter Vessenes. The full extent of the layoffs varies from 16% to
45% based on different reports. As a reminder, CoinDesk‚Äôs parent
company, DCG, has been in search of liquidity to aid its ongoing
financial woes, and this sale would provide some much-needed cash for
the struggling company. 

COINBASE ROLLS OUT CRYPTO SERVICES IN CANADA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/152424/coinbase-rolls-out-crypto-services-canada?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase, the crypto exchange giant, is extending its reach into
Canada, taking advantage of the country's high level of
crypto-awareness and strong regulatory framework. To kick off this
expansion, the company is offering a 30-day free trial of its Coinbase
One subscription service to Canadian users. This expansion is yet
another reminder of the stark contrast between the crypto regulatory
landscape in the US and the rest of the world. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

METAMASK, BANXA ROLL OUT '1-CLICK' CRYPTO BUYS WITH APPLE PAY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/152393/metamask-banxa-roll-out-1-click-crypto-buys-apple-pay?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MetaMask users can now purchase Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies
more easily, thanks to a new integration with Banxa that includes
Apple Pay and its "1-click" feature. This feature is available to
users who have already completed KYC procedures. Lorenzo Santos,
MetaMask product manager, emphasized that the goal is to make it
easier for users to make repeat purchases. Banxa, which has been
experiencing growth, is the sole provider of the 1-Click service among
MetaMask's eight integrated on- and off-ramp services. 

'GRAND THEFT AUTO' DEV TAKE-TWO'S FIRST CRYPTO GAME LAUNCHING ON
ETHEREUM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/244783/grand-theft-auto-dev-take-twos-first-crypto-game-launching-on-ethereum?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Take-Two Interactive Software's subsidiary Zynga is venturing into
web3 gaming with its new Ethereum-based game, "Sugartown". Take-Two,
the company behind hits like Grand Theft Auto, bills this as the first
crypto game built from scratch by a major mobile game developer. Users
will gain access to the game via an ERC-721 token and they will be
able to stake these tokens to earn in-game currency - it‚Äôs unclear
whether the currency will be an ERC-20 or proprietary. The combination
of both a huge name getting into the space and the appropriate use of
crypto mechanics to enhance the in-game experience makes this an
interesting one to watch. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TOP TOOLS FOR YOUR CRYPTO TOOLBOX (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/BarryBluee/status/1691147961252589589?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto is a constant barrage of market-moving events, multi-million
dollar exploits, groundbreaking innovations, and narrative plays. This
thread gives a great list of essential tools that can help you stay on
top of the news and narratives in the space. The tools span categories
like news, alerts, on-chain security, analytics, deep-dives, airdrop
farming, and more. 

BREAKING DOWN UNISWAPX (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ashwathbk/status/1691127167596511232?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

UniswapX, Uniswap‚Äôs upgraded protocol, has introduced a feature that
draws liquidity from centralized exchanges. This move signifies a
shift in the crypto marketplace as it recognizes that on-chain markets
might not always yield the most optimal execution. However, this move
brings up questions about the potential impact on liquidity providers
and the future reliance on intermediaries, answers to which could
drastically change the DeFi landscape. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CELSIUS TO POLL CUSTOMERS ON LAUNCHING NEW USER-OWNED COMPANY (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/mbuxH?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bankrupt crypto lender Celsius Network is set to poll account holders
about a proposal to relaunch as a user-owned company, distributing
roughly $2 billion in Bitcoin and Ether. The approval by US Bankruptcy
Judge Martin Glenn hinges on Celsius providing more details regarding
industry volatility and potential operating challenges. The proposed
company, backed by investment firm Arrington Capital, would use equity
to partially repay customers and aims to start repaying creditors by
the end of 2023. 

BITCOIN IS ABOUT TO GO FROM BORING TO ‚ÄúBOING‚Äù (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/bitcoin-is-about-to-go-from-boring?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bitcoin's volatility was muted throughout August, falling to levels
below the average volatility of stocks, bonds, and even gold. The
reasons for this lack of volatility could be attributed to various
factors. Historical patterns suggest that low volatility periods are
typically followed by violent volatility - the past few times this has
happened, it has been to the upside. In parallel with Bitcoin's low
volatility, the DXY is reaching a crucial point that could potentially
signal a market shift, as it has in the past. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HARRYPOTTEROBAMASONIC10INU LEADS LATEST MEMECOIN RALLY, SURGING 30% (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/244646/harrypotterobamasonic10inu-leads-latest-memecoin-rally-surging-30?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

There‚Äôs a new kid on the memecoin block -
HarryPotterObamaSonic10Inu. The coin, launched in May, calls itself
‚ÄúThe People‚Äôs Bitcoin‚Äù and goes by the ticker $BITCOIN. It has
grown to a $150m+ market cap. The interest and volatility in memecoins
throughout the summer is a side effect of market malaise in the
majors, with the prices of BTC and ETH having been relatively
stagnant. 

BITCOIN ETF APPROVAL CALENDAR (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/coinbureau/status/1691000705849708545?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Here is a quick calendar view of when pending Bitcoin ETF applications
are expected to be approved or denied. 

DYDX ROLLING OUT PUBLIC TESTNET 2 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/dYdX/status/1691145739567509510?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

As part of its migration to dYdX chain, the protocol is moving from
the Testnet 1 phase to the Testnet 2 phase. 

TRUST AND TRANSPARENCY IN DEFI‚ÄôS UX LAYER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/infinex.eth/ddHTaMQPKLRdanUmVtOJFIVWwYpTBtfhv1jAqBBySaw?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

While DeFi UX has been lacking for years, the foundation on which to
build great UXs has finally been laid at the infrastructure layer
through innovations like faster, cheaper L2s and account abstraction. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=42f61e7c-3b51-11ee-86da-955780d70645&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692100840&t=1692101062&s=8ff7df0d75a2242226afbcb4bb0d72fbe494a3bbc61e7c0fabd7809bc899fcab].