# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-03-2023

New York State Attorney General Letitia James filed a lawsuit against
KuCoin on Thursday alleging that the exchange is violating securities
laws  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d01ecdd6-bf13-11ed-bd06-bd1fb76a931c&pt=campaign&t=1678453643&s=efaafd4da75d8cb148449fdf1065837d767feecd814c670896635289484b57c2]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-10

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

NEW YORK ATTORNEY GENERAL ALLEGES ETHER IS A SECURITY IN KUCOIN
LAWSUIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/09/new-york-attorney-general-sues-crypto-exchange-kucoin-alleges-ether-is-a-security/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


New York State Attorney General Letitia James filed a lawsuit against
KuCoin on Thursday alleging that the exchange is violating securities
laws by offering tokens - including ether - that meet the definition
of a security without registering with the NYAG’s office. James
argued that ether, luna (LUNA) token and terraUSD (UST) stablecoin are
securities under the Martin Act and KuCoin was required to register
before selling them. The NYAG’s office is seeking a court order to
stop KuCoin from operating in New York and implementing geo-blocking. 

BIDEN BUDGET TAKES AIM AT CRYPTO WASH TRADING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/biden-budget-takes-aim-at-crypto-wash-trading?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


President Biden's 2024 Fiscal Year Budget proposes tax changes on
cryptocurrency transactions, such as eliminating wash trading to
prevent tax-deductible losses on failed investments and applying the
same tax rules as traditional securities. The bill estimates this
could raise $24 billion for the Treasury and also plans to impose an
increase in tax rate for the wealthiest 0.01% to a minimum of 25%. The
changes would apply to sales for fiat currency, exchanges for goods
and services, airdrops, minting, and staking activities. The Budget is
expected to be released today but needs approval from Congress before
it can be signed off by the President. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

INSTADAPP LAUNCHES ‘AVOCADO’ MULTI-BLOCKCHAIN WALLET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/instadapp-avocado-multi-network-wallet?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Instadapp has launched its Avocado wallet, which can be used to
execute multi-network transactions while being connected to a single
network. Transactions are processed through Avocado's RPC and gas fees
are paid in USDC. Avocado also charges a 20% fee on top of the gas
fees, with half of the revenue going to dApps that integrate with the
platform and the remainder going to the Instadapp DAO. Coinbase,
Uniswap, and ETHDenver have all recently released or discussed wallet
offerings, indicating the importance of user experience when it comes
to cryptocurrency adoption. 

LAUNCH OF DUNE SQL (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://dune.com/blog/introducing-dune-sql?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Dune has launched DuneSQL, an attempt to make the fastest, most
powerful and convenient crypto data querying experience on the planet.
It features many Dune-specific improvements such as using other
queries as views and querying byte arrays directly. Postgres-based v1
platform is almost fully sunset and Spark SQL will be sunset in July
2023. Wizards can use an automated tool to help make query changes and
get help from the team if they are having difficulties. There is also
a tool that will help Wizards migrate their existing queries to
DuneSQL. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TO USE ETHERSCAN TO TRACK WHALES AND SMART MONEY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633140265115590656.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Etherscan is the main blockchain explorer for Ethereum, and, at a high
level, it allows users to track transactions, explore contracts, view
account balances, find and analyze tokens, and track wallets. This
thread guides users through the process of using Etherscan to track
wallets and tokens, and then how to go from there to find smart money
wallets, whales, and influencer wallets. 

TOKENOMICS OF PROJECTS THAT 100XED IN THE 2021 BULL AND WHAT THAT
MIGHT MEAN FOR THE NEXT BULL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633456943728668674.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread shows an analysis of the tokenomics of "100xers" in the
2018-2021 bull markets, which highlights the fact that there were 57
100xers in the top 300 per CMC. The analysis shows there are few high
circulating supply 100xers, and that mid circulating supply projects
were the most represented category, as they blend ecosystem dynamism
with not as dilutive tokenomics. It also outlines strategies for
mid-long term and short term horizons, but stresses the importance of
also considering survival bias with the coins in the study. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

DUST ON CRUST - A NEW STABLECOIN PROPOSAL BY ARTHUR HAYES (25 MINUTE
READ) [https://blog.bitmex.com/dust-on-crust/?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

In this article, Arthur Hayes discusses a new design for a stablecoin
called Satoshi Nakamoto Dollar (NUSD). The goal of the NUSD is to
create a token that is worth 1 USD but does not require the services
of the fiat banking system. It works by depositing 1 BTC on a
derivatives exchange and shorting one XBTUSD swap. The Bitcoin value
of the swap increases exponentially as the USD price of Bitcoin falls,
and approaches zero as the USD price of Bitcoin rises. In theory, each
side of the pair should equally offset the other. There are some risks
that come into play, and there are still aspects of centralization,
but the article attempts to provide some solutions to those potential
problems. 

COMMUNITY-AS-A-SERVICE - THE NEXT LOGICAL STEP IN THE NASCENT PVP
WORLD OF CRYPTO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://pageone.gg/p/community-as-a-service?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The concept of Community-as-a-Service (CaaS) focuses on providing
access to a particular group of people that can be considered a
marketable product. Examples of CaaS include Mobalytics for League of
Legends, Aim Trainers for FPS games, and mods for modern video games.
In DeFi, Convex was created to serve the community using Curve.fi, and
Delegate.cash services NFT holders. CaaS differs from the current
competition-driven crypto landscape, as its goal is to serve the
community of an established project, like Tribally did for Axie
Infinity by building a new website. The article posits that more value
will be able to be created by catering to specific communities as
crypto continues to mature rather than attempting to disrupt the
status quo. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

SOME POTENTIAL MISSTEPS BLUR HAS TAKEN WITH ITS TOKEN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633731247867584512.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread argues that while Blur has been extremely strategic with
respect to its approach to competing with Opensea, its tokenomics
design has some flaws on the supply side. It goes on to suggest some
changes to the model to accrue more value back to $BLUR token holders.


THE FUTURE OF MEDICINE IS TOKENS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeeprime.capital/the-future-of-medicine-is-tokens?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this article, Zee Prime Capital explores the notion of DeSci, or
Decentralized Science, a permissionless capital formation for
scientific research that is powered by crypto capital and blockchain
technology. It explains how this concept could accelerate research and
incentivize funding for rare diseases and long-tail therapeutics, and
create real-world outcomes that people are willing to pay for. 

IS DEFI SAFE? THAT'S UP TO YOU! (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://defieducation.substack.com/p/is-defi-safe-thats-up-to-you?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


People often worry whether DeFi is safe or not, but many issues that
people worry about could be avoided with proper education. This
article lays out how to take measures to ensure funds are secure from
hacks, smart contract vulnerabilities, and financial scams and how to
manage private keys and seed phrases. 

CRYPTO.COM STRUGGLES TO MAINTAIN FIAT ON-RAMPS IN THE FACE OF CRYPTO
BANKING CRISIS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/03/09/cryptocom-struggles-to-maintain-fiat-on-ramps-in-the-face-of-crypto-banking-crisis/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto.com has faced turmoil in its banking relationships, losing its
ability to accept U.S. dollar deposits, now only being able to provide
euro-denominated banking services to users in the European Economic
Area; however, on-chain data suggests the exchange is still seeing
healthy deposits. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d01ecdd6-bf13-11ed-bd06-bd1fb76a931c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678453233&t=1678453643&s=2216c59569ceb5f932187086f9b6de66c4beb2ed70a81ab3310806c9958eda44].


 