# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-02-2023

The number of Bitcoin that has not moved for six months has reached
14.99 million coinsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=29e84dc4-b28f-11ed-9b6e-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&t=1677071218&s=ab9079b20308678c701afd5e87388d7e7d40d8048dc0ea289ef8f40dbe1c38a6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Rather Labs]
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-22

GET YOUR PRODUCTS TO MARKET FASTER WITH RATHER LABS â€” BLOCKCHAIN
TECHNICAL PARTNERS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR] 

Too many awesome ideas get bogged down in the details of execution. A
strong blockchain engineering partner can help you move faster and
regain your focus.
For 30+ founders and start-ups, that partner is Rather Labs
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR]. This team of elite
blockchain engineers has built a broad array of stellar products
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR]: DeFi protocols,
decentralized games, metaverses, NFT platforms, fintech applications,
and web2 migrations.

Rather Labs is rated 4.9 on Clutch and recommended by 100%
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR] of customers â€”
including top blockchain companies such asÂ Nervos, Mantial, and
Hatom.

Browse the Rather Labs portfolio or get in touch with an expert today.
[https://www.ratherlabs.com/?utm_source=TLDR]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

POLYGON LABS CUTS 20% WORKFORCE, ALMOST 100 JOBS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/21/polygon-labs-cuts-20-workforce-almost-100-jobs/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Polygon Labs has cut 20% of its workforce, mostly in the US, Canada,
and India. Its treasury remains healthy with a balance of over $250
million and 1.9 billion MATIC. Polygon's native token MATIC was down
5% to $1.42 on the day of the announcement. The company has
crystallized its strategy for the next several years to drive mass
adoption of Web3. 

ANKR PARTNERS WITH MICROSOFT TO OFFER ENTERPRISE NODE SERVICES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ankr-partners-with-microsoft-to-offer-enterprise-node-services?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Microsoft and Ankr have partnered to provide a node hosting service on
the Microsoft Azure Marketplace. The integration will pair Ankr's
blockchain infrastructure with Azure's cloud solutions to allow
developers to focus on scaling their applications. It will allow
organizations to access blockchain data in a reliable, scalable, and
secure way. The partnership is a major milestone for Ankr and will
result in an era of prolific building for blockchain-based
applications. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CODER BRINGS ORDINALS TO LITECOIN AS BITCOIN INSCRIPTIONS SURPASS 154K
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/121789/litecoin-ordinals-inscriptions-nfts-blockchain?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ordinals have taken the Bitcoin blockchain by storm, with more than
154,000 inscriptions created to date. A developer has ported the
Ordinals project to Litecoin following a bounty offer of 5 LTC to do
so. The bounty has since grown to a total of 22 LTC, or around $2100.
The Ordinals port was made possible by Litecoin's soft forks of the
SegWit and Taproot protocols, which are essential for Ordinals to
work. 

EIGENLAYER WHITEPAPER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1627887300448485376.html?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The EigenLayer is a set of smart contracts that allow ETH stakers to
opt in to validating new software modules built on top of the Ethereum
ecosystem. The first public version of the EigenLayer whitepaper is
now available. It describes the key ideas that will be implemented
into the first version of the protocol. The whitepaper also lists
potential EigenLayer modules to build. EigenLayer aims to launch later
this year. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

WHAT CRYPTO FOUNDERS CAN LEARN FROM BLURâ€™S TOKEN AIRDROP (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://variant.fund/articles/what-crypto-founders-can-learn-from-blurs-token-airdrop/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Blur has become the top NFT marketplace and trading platform in the
market just five months since launch. Blur used sophisticated
incentives to bootstrap, grow adoption, and beat out its competitors.
This analysis looks at Blur's token distribution design and offers
recommendations to founders using tokens to grow networks. Blur's
success shows that a token distribution strategy can be a powerful way
to drive network growth. 

HYPERSDK (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ava-labs/hypersdk?utm_source=tldrcrypto?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


hypersdk is an opinionated framework for building hyper-scalable
blockchains on Avalanche. It makes it faster, safer, and easier to
launch a blockchain on an Avalanche Subnet, allowing builders to focus
on project-specific features. hypersdk enables a hypervm to be built
with only 500-1,000 lines of code. Hyperchains built with hypersdk can
process thousands of transactions per second, with the potential for
higher throughput through further optimizations. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

Iâ€™M AMERICAN, BUT MY CRYPTO STARTUP WONâ€™T BE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/02/21/why-i-wont-build-in-the-us/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The US is a poor choice for builders to launch crypto projects due to
its lack of regulatory clarity. Instead of providing predictability
and legality, the US has resorted to regulation through enforcement,
using scare tactics and threats in the absence of well-defined
regulation. This has caused many crypto businesses to look to other
jurisdictions that have developed transparent regulations. If the US
does not act soon, it risks losing out on the best and brightest to
other hubs. 

NEARLY $370 BILLION IN BITCOIN HAS GONE 'DORMANT' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/121860/dormant-bitcoin-370-billion-all-time-high?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The number of Bitcoin that has not moved for six months has reached
14.99 million coins, worth around $370 billion. The all-time high of
old supply coins is 15.029 million. Bitcoin investors are focusing on
long-term gains, compared to other chains such as Ethereum where coins
move more frequently in pursuit of profits. Dormant coins are
increasingly unlikely to be spent after 155 days. The lack of activity
could mean that the market may be oversold and poised for a rebound. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

AAVE AND MAKER PULL BACK FROM PAXOS STABLECOINS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/aave-and-maker-pull-back-from-paxos-stablecoins?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave and MakerDAO are distancing themselves from Paxos-issued
stablecoins due to the New York state's Department of Financial
Services' order for Paxos to stop minting new BUSD tokens. 

THE BUZZ AROUND CHINA AND HONG KONG RELATED CRYPTOS IS GAINING
MOMENTUM ON CT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1628057560464109572.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread contains a list of projects with the potential to
go parabolic if Hong Kong's new crypto regulations pass. 

PUBLIC GOODS BY LAYERZERO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/layerzero-official/public-goods-by-layerzero-9220b9fa3d2d?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Public Goods is an open market for immediate pricing of ETH/GOERLI-ETH
created to make it significantly easier for Ethereum developers to
test and have access to ETH on Goerli. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=29e84dc4-b28f-11ed-9b6e-a1468a73c769&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677070819&t=1677071218&s=29d44dbd37546f2499a08cf168c7560b186c70ff432fde281426baaa54710042].


Â 