# Articles TLDR Crypto 29-11-2023

Coinbase has reportedly alerted an unspecified number of its users
that their account information may be shared with the CFTC  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-11-29

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 SEC OPENS PUBLIC COMMENTS ON FRANKLIN TEMPLETON AND HASHDEX SPOT
BITCOIN ETFS (2 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 The SEC is inviting public commentary on pending ETF applications
from Franklin Templeton and Hashdex. This unexpected early request,
coming two weeks after the SEC extended the decision deadline,
suggests potential approvals in early January. However, swift approval
might not necessarily mean immediate launches. The SEC is also seeking
feedback on market manipulation susceptibility, liquidity, pricing
mechanisms, and other concerns regarding the proposed ETFs. 

 COINBASE MIGHT BE FORCED TO SHARE YOUR BITCOIN TRADING DATA WITH THE
CFTC (3 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Coinbase has reportedly alerted an unspecified number of its users
that their account information may be shared with the CFTC following a
subpoena linked to another crypto exchange, Bybit. The nature of the
data involved has not been disclosed, nor how it relates to Bybit.
Some Coinbase users who have not used Bybit claim they were also
targeted. Coinbase plans to engage with the CFTC to limit the scope of
shared data. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 AXIOM V2: ACCESS THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF ETHEREUM FROM YOUR SMART
CONTRACT (5 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Axiom has launched V2, an upgrade that allows solidity and JavaScript
developers to integrate zero-knowledge computations into smart
contracts with ease. Key features include access to all historical
Ethereum data, the ability to specify ZK-verified computations in
JavaScript, and on-chain result verification without needing
ZK-specific contract deployments. The platform has been deployed on
the Goerli testnet, with plans for a mainnet launch following security
reviews. 

 INITIA TAPS IN CELESTIA TO SCALE A UNIFIED SYSTEM OF THOUSANDS OF
INTERWOVEN ROLLUPS (4 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 The Initia Platform has launched, offering a scalable ecosystem of
modular chains built on Celestia. Targeting developer issues and user
fragmentation, Initia’s platform is designed to streamline the
multichain experience by vertically integrating the tech stack,
mitigating choice overload, and integrating with the L1. With its
unique VM-agnostic optimistic rollup framework, called the OPinit
Stack, Initia allows vertically integrated applications to be built in
various computational environments while maintaining interoperability
and data availability. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ISSUES STABLECOINS WITH TYPESCRIPT — NO BLOCKCHAIN EXPERTISE
REQURIED (SPONSOR) [9]

Think you need an entirely new dev team to issue stablecoins? Think
again: Stablecoin Studio [9] provides a TypeScript SDK and management
CLI that makes it simpler than ever to issue stabelecoins on the
Hedera network [9]. Burn, mint, freeze, wipe, and pause stablecoins
with ease, with built-in proof of reserve and KYC / AML functionality.
Start with an interactive demo [9] 

 A COMPREHENSIVE REPORT ON THE CRYPTO FUNDRAISING LANDSCAPE (8 MINUTE
READ) [10] 

 This post provides a report on venture activity in crypto over the
past year. DeFi investments have made up 29% of total funds raised,
according to the report. Despite turbulent market conditions in 2023,
about 641 funding rounds were conducted across 617 projects, garnering
a total of $5.58 billion. Seed rounds were the most popular stage with
notable firms like a16z, with Paradigm and Jump Crypto being some of
the most active investors. 

 ROLLUPS DA AND EXECUTION (5 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This document presents an investigation into potential bottlenecks in
scaling blockchain technologies, specifically focusing on rollups and
data availability layers. It provides an in-depth analysis of current
providers, transaction numbers, and call data for various L2
solutions. The model presents a key finding that with certain data
layers, the bottleneck is not data availability but execution,
prompting the authors to call for further experimentation in execution
layer rollups. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 SPANISH CITIZENS TO DECLARE FOREIGN CRYPTO HOLDINGS BY END OF MARCH
2024 (2 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 A new law is requiring that residents of Spain holding cryptocurrency
on non-domestic platforms must declare these assets by March 31, 2024.
However, only individuals with a balance exceeding 50,000 euros must
declare their assets. This comes as part of Spain's increased efforts
to tax crypto assets. 

 PANDA POWER: AN ARTHUR HAYES ESSAY (25 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 This essay from Arthur Hayes explains how China, pegging its currency
to a weakening US dollar, can now create yuan credit without
destabilizing its currency or inflation. As such, it may stimulate its
economy by averting property development crises. Despite some
pessimistic views about China's debt, the country is likely to enter a
credit boom that may indirectly benefit Bitcoin and other risk assets.


⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 SHRAPNEL GAME STUDIO FOUNDERS SAY MAJORITY SHAREHOLDER IS STAGING A
COUP (3 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Neon Machine, creator of blockchain game Shrapnel, is embroiled in a
legal dispute involving an alleged internal coup by investor Cort
Javarone, affecting the company's leadership and operations. 

 ON BUILDING A POSITION IN AN UPTREND (3 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 This post provides a guide to building positions in uptrending
markets. It suggests traders should start small, stay proactive, avoid
panic, and capitalize on -30% sell-offs to gradually increase their
positions. 

 CF BENCHMARKS LAUNCHES STAKING INDEX SERIES FOR INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS
(1 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 CF Benchmarks introduced its CF Staking Reward Rate Series, offering
institutional clients indices reflecting daily reward rates from
specific proof-of-stake protocols. 

 CUBE.EXCHANGE SQUARES THE CIRCLE OF DECENTRALIZATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[17] 

 Cube.Exchange released its litepaper and is merging the stability of
TradFi with web3 innovation, offering a hybrid trading platform that
emphasizes user control and transparency in asset management. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=adb13172-8e97-11ee-ab28-13b32ccf6c2f&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1701263010&amp;s=22c3c85809310dfd108e63812b9c2f5602ef718053b09a77b2f218c5c19a654d
[5] https://thedefiant.io/sec-opens-public-comments-on-franklin-templeton-and-hashdex-spot-bitcoin-etfs?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://decrypt.co/207736/coinbase-might-forced-share-bitcoin-trading-data-cftc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blog.axiom.xyz/introducing-v2/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://medium.com/@initiafdn/initia-taps-in-celestia-to-scale-a-unified-system-of-thousands-of-interwoven-rollups-54da6f0c3325?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://hedera.com/stablecoin-studio-on-hedera?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsleter&amp;utm_campaign=stablecoin-studio&amp;utm_content=DATE
[10] https://thorhartvigsen.substack.com/p/a-comprehensive-report-on-the-crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://twitter.com/0xtaetaehoho/status/1729515068302508540?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://cointelegraph.com/news/spanish-citizens-declare-foreign-crypto-holdings-end-march?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://cryptohayes.substack.com/p/panda-power?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://decrypt.co/207755/shrapnel-game-studio-founders-say-majority-shareholder-staging-coup?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/ColdBloodShill/status/1729313234182684882?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://www.theblock.co/post/264981/cf-benchmarks-launches-staking-index-series-for-institutional-clients?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://blockworks.co/news/cube-exchange-crypto-mpc?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=adb13172-8e97-11ee-ab28-13b32ccf6c2f&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1701262829&amp;t=1701263010&amp;s=a978f378f5114f062b1a98e3a70eab3d1a428701a2889d4bf98b19a4e8da10c1