# Articles TLDR Crypto 21-08-2023

The government has officially won its case alleging Tornado Cash
committed OFAC violations.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2abef5ce-400e-11ee-9b29-1b01a4a000e5&pt=campaign&t=1692619429&s=d96f5a8241c41d11835795980c981eccc95628494458bb8c9569953493fb171f]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-21

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE INTERNATIONAL VOLUMES PICK UP, TOPPING $280 MILLION IN ONE
DAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246414/coinbase-international-volumes-pick-up-topping-280-million-in-one-day?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase's offshore derivatives exchange has seen a surge in daily
trading volumes, reaching up to $287m. Launched in May, the platform
has onboarded 50 institutions and generated $5.5B in volume in its
first seven weeks. The aim of this product is to accelerate Coinbase's
global expansion amidst challenging regulatory conditions
domestically. 

TORNADO CASH OFAC RULING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/BawdyAnarchist_/status/1692335486109384863?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The government has officially won its case alleging Tornado Cash
committed OFAC violations. The courts deemed the Tornado Cash entity
as sanctionable, based on grounds that the founders, DAO, and
developers profited from smart contracts used for mixing funds - some
of which were tied to suspect activities. Critics argue key legal
concerns were not properly addressed, including the lack of process
for US citizens whose funds are now trapped in the Tornado Cash
contract. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COURTYARD.IOâ€™S NEW MARKETPLACE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.courtyard.io/a-bright-future-for-collectors-introducing-courtyard-ios-new-marketplace-fe4ee252922b?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Courtyard.io has launched a new marketplace facilitating the trade of
physical collectibles on-chain. The marketplace provides a
tokenization service to simplify the ownership, management, and
trading of physical items for any kind of collector. Building on its
previous successes tokenizing real-world assets, Courtyard.io offers
features such as instant wallet creation, zero gas fees, crypto or
credit payment options, and passive income potential for users. This
move aims to tap into the $400B collectibles market. 

ETHEREUM DEVELOPERS TO DEBUT NEW TESTNET 'HOLESKY' NEXT MONTH (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/246335/ethereum-developers-to-debut-new-testnet-holesky-next-month?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ethereum core developers are working to launch a new testnet named
'Holesky' next month. This move is intended to improve the testing
environment and solve ether supply issues currently affecting other
testnets. While an exact number hasnâ€™t been nailed down yet,
developers have mentioned the testnet having 1 billion testnet ETH,
which would make testnet ETH significantly easier to acquire and speed
up development. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO FRIEND TECH (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DaanCrypto/status/1693260230308618246?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Friend Tech, the recently launched SocialFi platform backed by
Paradigm, took Crypto Twitter by storm last week and even started
attracting mainstream influencers over the weekend. While the app is
still in beta and buggy at times, itâ€™s being praised as having a
great UX that other crypto apps should aspire to. Itâ€™s a different
onboarding experience from most crypto apps, so if you want to try it
out, this thread is a great guide to getting started. 

NAVIGATING THE L2 LANDSCAPE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Louround_/status/1691895111251276099?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Ethereum L2s have been seemingly launching left and right during the
bear market. Arbitrum dropped its token, Base and Binance launched L2s
on the OP stack, and a myriad of zk rollups have been launched. This
thread lays out a strategy for understanding and navigating the L2
landscape. The strategy hinges on two main points: studying the
technology of each chain and considering the financial opportunities,
both with the chainâ€™s underlying token and the protocols built on
the chain. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FLIPPENING: WHY THE ETHEREUM CRYPTO SUPREMACY IS ONLY A MATTER OF
TIME (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/toschi.eth/3ufk3OHNCx8HvBpOCUrZ1CNDSx_QjJi1_3hZSr2P3xU?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The â€˜Flippeningâ€™, the potential of Ethereum surpassing Bitcoin in
market cap, has been a hotly debated topic over the past few years.
Bitcoin has the upper hand as far as its lindy effect relative to
Ethereum and has more mainstream awareness. However, with a fixed
supply, Bitcoin is simply a store of value, while Ethereum is a smart
contract platform that all sorts of financial activity can happen on
top of. With its updated PoS security model, Ethereum is also
deflationary at times. This article discusses the topic further and
makes the case for the â€˜Flippeningâ€™ to happen. 

LAYER 2 WARS HEAT UP AS COINBASE LAUNCHES BASE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/leeorshimron/2023/08/16/layer-2-wars-heat-up-as-coinbase-launches-base/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This Forbes article discusses Coinbaseâ€™s launch of Base and how the
competitive landscape of L2s is shaping up. Base offers faster and
less inexpensive transactions than the base layer while maintaining
full EVM compatibility. Since its launch, Base has already achieved a
TVL ranking of fifth among Ethereum L2s, attracting over $200 million
in value. With an explosion of activity between memecoins and now
innovative apps like Friend Tech, it has also generated the most
revenue of any L2 since its launch. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE CASE FOR A 2024/2025 BULL RUN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/RunnerXBT/status/1692868432356663692?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread lays out the case for a 2024/2025 bull run by comparing
the current part of the cycle to 2019. 

EXPLANATION OF ARBITRUMâ€™S ISSUES OVER THE WEEKEND (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/hkalodner/status/1692586523919532348?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Over the weekend, for about an hour, it seemed as if Arbitrum went
down, causing a bit of a stir. In reality, it was a different issue
that caused the batch poster to stop. In this thread, Offchain Labsâ€™
- the team behind Arbitrum - CTO explains the issue. 

BORED APE YACHT CLUB CREATOR TO BLOCK OPENSEA IN FIGHT OVER PAYMENTS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/18/23837677/bayc-opensea-drops-support-creator-royalty-fees?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In the wake of OpenSeaâ€™s decision to sunset creator royalty
enforcement, Yuga Labs announced it would be discontinuing support for
OpenSeaâ€™s Seaport contract in future collections or updates to
existing contracts. 

CELSIUS CREDITORS TO VOTE ON BANKRUPTCY-ESCAPE PLAN AFTER JUDICIAL
APPROVAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/18/celsius-creditors-to-vote-on-bankruptcy-escape-plan-after-judicial-approval/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Creditors will vote on Celsiusâ€™ plans to sell its assets to the
Fahrenheit consortium, with creditors possibly recovering 67%-85% of
holdings, now that a judge has approved of the plan. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2abef5ce-400e-11ee-9b29-1b01a4a000e5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692619231&t=1692619429&s=65365af56794e39fcb4aa306e838dd4e5e1f9caf1489b7536c3045a7e8ad924c].