# Articles TLDR Crypto 21-02-2023

Distressed asset funds can purchase FTX bankruptcy claims in private
OTC markets for up to 20 cents on the dollar.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=92c5e0e4-b1dc-11ed-b721-d70245c80269&pt=campaign&t=1676984817&s=996085a0ed941df5d3f441e742ea4f9563eb568bbbcca2d92c6964ede3ceeb16]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-02-21

PAY YOUR BILLS WITH CRYPTO â€” FOR REAL (SPONSOR)
[https://www.spritz.finance/?utm_source=TLDR+Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=February+Sponsorship]


What if you could use your DeFi earnings to pay your water bill?
Spritz
[https://www.spritz.finance/?utm_source=TLDR+Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=February+Sponsorship]
is the bridge between crypto and IRL youâ€™ve been looking for:

	*
Pay off everyday expenses
[https://www.spritz.finance/?utm_source=TLDR+Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=February+Sponsorship]
with your crypto earnings - credit cards, mortgage/rent, utilities,
car payments, and more

	*
Program payments with any token on multiple chains

	*
Off-ramp directly to any bank account in the US from your DeFi wallet

Start now to get $10 towards your first payment
[https://www.spritz.finance/?utm_source=TLDR+Crypto&utm_medium=Newsletter&utm_campaign=February+Sponsorship]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX BANKRUPTCY CLAIMS SELL FOR 20 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR IN PRIVATE OTC
MARKETS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/20/ftx-bankruptcy-claims-sell-for-20-cents-on-the-dollar-in-private-otc-markets/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Distressed asset funds can purchase FTX bankruptcy claims in private
OTC markets for up to 20 cents on the dollar. Public bankruptcy
markets are valuing assets at $0.16 on the dollar. As the FTX website
is currently down, it is difficult to prove assets held on the
exchange. There may also be a clawback period for those who attempted
to withdraw prior to the bankruptcy. 

HONG KONG SHOWS DESIRE TO BE CRYPTO HUB WITH NEW REGULATION (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/20/hong-kong-crypto-regulation/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Hong Kong has proposed new rules that would allow retail investors to
trade certain large-cap tokens on licensed exchanges. The tokens
likely include Bitcoin and Ether. The proposal stipulates that all
centralized virtual currency exchanges must obtain a license from the
city's Securities and Futures Commission. Exchanges will have to ban
Hong Kong IP addresses until they have the relevant permits to operate
there. The regulatory requirements are open for consultation until
March 31 and the new licensing regime will take effect on June 1. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

RENEGADE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/hosseeb/status/1627688275795402752?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Renegade is a decentralized exchange that uses Zero-Knowledge Proofs
(ZKPs) and Multi-Party Computation (MPC) to provide a fully anonymized
platform. It eliminates counterparty risk and features guaranteed
on-chain custody. The use of ZKPs and MPC means that validators and
sequencers are unable to view the underlying transactions, thus
eliminating most of the Miner Extractable Value (MEV) from DeFi. Dark
pools are commonly used in equities trading and drive a large volume
of institutional trading. Renegade believes that the same will happen
in DeFi with the help of cryptography. 

BITMAIN PARTNER BITFUFU STARTS MARKETPLACE FOR CRYPTO MINING RIG
COUPONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/20/bitmain-partner-bitfufu-starts-marketplace-for-crypto-mining-rig-coupons/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


BitFuFu, a cloud mining company, has launched a marketplace for
discount coupons on Antminer rigs. Bitmain issued $50 million worth of
coupons for Antminers to loyal customers last year as sales fell. Many
of these remain unused as miners lack funds to purchase new equipment.
Companies like Celsius and Core Scientific have been attempting to
sell their coupons to raise money and repay creditors. BitFuFu is
planning to go public through a special-purpose acquisition vehicle in
May. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ETH IS NOT ULTRASOUND MONEY: PART 1 (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://joncharbonneau.substack.com/p/eth-is-not-ultrasound-money-part?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article is the first of a multi-part series on a framework for
ETH. The series covers how stablecoins will factor into the evolving
crypto-economy, how ETH's role may evolve in a rapidly changing tech
sack, what changes could be made to Ethereum's economic policy, why
deflation doesn't make ETH ultrasound money, whether ETH can become
'money', and traditional assets, economics, and monetary policy. This
article covers how value flows through the Ethereum protocol, what ETH
is and why it matters, and blockchain profitability. 

ARBITRUM: A TECHNICAL DEEP DIVE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://frogsanon.neworder.network/articles/the-reasons-for-arbitrums-popularity?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article explores Arbitrum's technology and discusses why more and
more projects are choosing to build on it. Arbitrum is a suite of
products consisting of Arbitrum One, an Arbitrum Rollup chain running
on Arbitrum Nitro, and Nova, an AnyTrust chain. Both are optimistic
rollups, inheriting Ethereum-level security. The difference lies in
their fraud-proof, where the transaction data is stored, and their
level of decentralization. Arbitrum and Optimism use different dispute
resolution processes, which affects how much it costs and how long it
takes to complete a transaction. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY I'M INVESTING IN ARBITRUM AND A BREAKDOWN OF MY PORTFOLIOS THAT
YOU CAN COPY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Route2FI/status/1627739897770418177?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This Twitter thread looks at Arbitrum, what makes it so special, DeFi
protocols to know about, and more. Arbitrum is Ethereum's biggest
layer 2 to date. It currently sits as the fourth-biggest chain by
total value locked. Arbitrum has one of the most vibrant and
innovative communities in the whole DeFi space, allowing innovation to
happen at a large scale. 

HEDGE FUND GALOIS SHUTS DOWN AFTER HALF ITS ASSETS TRAPPED ON FTX (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/w3UD5?utm_source=tldrnewsletter] 

Galois Capital, one of the highest-profile victims of the FTX scandal,
has decided to close and return its remaining money to investors. The
fund had half of its assets trapped on FTX when the exchange
collapsed. It was managing around $200 million in assets last year and
was one of the biggest crypto-focused quantitative funds. Galois'
closure will see clients receive 90% of the money not trapped in FTX,
with the remaining 10% temporarily held back until discussions are
finalized. The fund has sold its claim on FTX for around 16 cents on
the dollar. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ARBITRUMâ€™S USER BASE IS FASTEST GROWING AMONG LEADING BLOCKCHAINS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/20/arbitrums-user-base-is-fastest-growing-among-leading-blockchains-bernstein/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Transaction growth has been rapid, reaching almost 50% of daily
Ethereum transactions in January, daily transactions and revenue are
four times higher than six months ago, and developer activity is
robust. 

HELIUM TO FULLY MIGRATE TO SOLANA BLOCKCHAIN BY MARCH 27 (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/02/20/helium-to-fully-migrate-to-solana-blockchain-by-march-27/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The migration will see HNT, MOBILE, and IOT issued on the Solana
network. 

ACCOUNT ABSTRACTION IS NOT COMING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://safe.mirror.xyz/9KmZjEbFkmI79s28d9xar6JWYrE50F5AHpa5CR12YGI?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Account Abstraction is the idea of reducing externally owned accounts
and smart contracts to just smart contracts in order to improve
usability and flexibility in web3. 

BITCOIN LAYER 2 STACKS NETWORK'S STX TOKEN SPIKES 50% AS 'ORDINALS'
BOOM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/02/20/bitcoin-layer-2-stacks-networks-stx-token-surges-130-as-ordinals-boom/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Stacks Network is a Bitcoin layer 2 for smart contracts that allows
developers to build applications similar to those on Ethereum and
Solana. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=92c5e0e4-b1dc-11ed-b721-d70245c80269&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1676984419&t=1676984817&s=9b46d93ac4822a12bd31088ebb7ee0970c2fa6b45a0721a130e8052d36d8c7d1].


Â 