# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-09-2023

Bankrupt crypto exchange FTX is suing the parents of its disgraced
ex-CEOÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2b873646-5789-11ee-b0a8-b3a69277d2e1&pt=campaign&t=1695211431&s=e0278de0f2f71ddbe854841d80dc70d9500b1d9a6a1e1d5925d1ad083d22a92d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-20

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX SUES SAM BANKMAN-FRIEDâ€™S PARENTS, AIMS TO CLAW BACK SOME OF THE
$26 MILLION IN GIFTS AND PROPERTY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/19/sbfs-parents-sued-by-ftx-for-millions-of-dollars-in-misappropriated-funds.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bankrupt crypto exchange FTX is suing the parents of its disgraced
ex-CEO, Sam Bankman-Fried, claiming they wrongfully acquired millions
of dollars and property from the company, in an attempt to recover
these assets. The lawsuit asserts that his parents used their
influence in FTX to obtain a $10m cash gift and a $16.4m Bahamian
luxury property while FTX teetered on the brink of insolvency.
Additionally, the suit accuses the couple of urging for political and
charitable contributions that increased their professional and social
standing. 

NOMURA'S LASER DIGITAL STARTS 'BITCOIN ADOPTION FUND' FOR
INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/jZj21?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Nomura subsidiary, Laser Digital Asset Management, has launched the
Bitcoin Adoption Fund to provide an easy path for institutional
investors to enter the digital asset space. According to management,
this is the first step in plans to launch a broader platform of
digital asset investment products. Led by Sebastien Guglietta and
Fiona King, the fund aims to capitalize on long-lasting
transformational changes in the economy caused by technology. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

APTOS LABS ADDS COINBASE PAY TO ITS PETRA CRYPTO WALLET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/19/aptos-labs-adds-coinbase-pay-to-its-petra-crypto-wallet/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Petra, a crypto wallet developed by Aptos Labs, is integrating
Coinbase Pay into its platforms. The goal of this integration is to
improve ease of use and onboarding for users in the web3 space. This
integration could potentially attract users to Aptos by creating more
seamless onramps and offramps. Petra has integrated 160+ dApps into
its wallet offering so far, including LayerZero and PancakeSwap. 

ECLIPSE MAINNET: THE ETHEREUM SVM L2 (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/eclipsemainnet.eth/me7bXLWJDS177V6nl8j1uzF1mxpX6nbGOLNeyBAwXgs?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Eclipse is planning to launch a general-purpose L2 solution that
combines Ethereum's security and liquidity, Solana's speed and
scalability, and Celestia's data availability to massively scale
Ethereum. The platform aims to improve user experience and ease of
development. Key features include Ethereum settlement, a Solana
Virtual Machine execution environment, Celestia for scalable data
availability, and ZK proofs of fraud via RISC Zero. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AMATEUR HOUR IS OVER (SPONSOR) [https://bit.ly/3PFK7yI]

Crypto trading has evolved. And to trade like a pro, you need an
advanced trading platform [https://bit.ly/3PFK7yI] that lets you make
better decisions. Thatâ€™s highly customizable, shockingly powerful,
and absolutely gorgeous to boot.
In other words, you need Kraken Pro. [https://bit.ly/3PFK7yI]

200+ assets. $207B+ traded last year.

Start now and never look back [https://bit.ly/3PFK7yI]

_Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are
unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can
lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains
tax._[Advertisement]

THE FUTURE OF OWNYFANS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://zeeprime.capital/the-future-of-owny-fans?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article discusses the evolution of social media towards an
"asocial" model, with a focus on financial transactions and capital
extraction. It further dives into web3's potential to revolutionize
online commerce through tokens associated with specific social
"tribes" or communities. This sort of tokenization of culture could
fundamentally transform social interactions online by monetizing
internet subcultures and trending memes. 

ARBITRUM STYLUS - A WORLD OF NEW OPPORTUNITIES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://degensensei.substack.com/p/arbitrum-stylus-a-world-of-new-opportunities?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article provides an overview of the Arbitrum ecosystem and the
newly-released Arbitrum Stylus. Stylus allows smart contract
developers to use various programming languages to build on Arbitrum.
The article also discusses potential ecosystem growth due to a new
governance proposal for ARB incentives and upcoming protocols
including Tapioca, Dolomite, Parallax, Empyreal, and Hyperliquid. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENERATIVE MANUFACTURING: TRANSMUTING CODE INTO PHYSICAL GOODS (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/1kx.eth/oBuaEp5jgGbe2gCsa6Z-_mLAeMRUhsIdZsaScHQNXS0?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Generative art has taken the crypto world by storm over the past
couple of years. This article argues that the unique combinations of
generative algorithms and blockchain tech will eventually enable
generative manufacturing of consumer and luxury goods. It argues that
the generative manufacturing stack will be comprised of the creation
layer, including on-chain engines and coding libraries, a curation
layer, a translation layer, a fabrication layer, and an authentication
layer. 

ROLLBIT COIN TUMBLES 5% AS CRYPTO INFLUENCER GAINZY SWAPS SPONSORSHIP
TO STAKE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/197848/rollbit-coin-tumbles-5-as-crypto-infleuncer-gainzy-swaps-sponsorship-to-stake?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto influencer Gainzy announced that he was switching from crypto
gambling site Rollbit to its competitor Stake.com, leading to a 5.3%
drop in Rollbit's token. While his sports betting and casino gameplay
generally generates interest on social media, his move to Stake.com
has generated quite the buzz thus far. Stake has built an impressive
roster of celebrities and mainstream influencers to represent its
brand, while Rollbit has leaned heavily on Crypto Twitter influencers.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE BEST STUFF SAM BANKMAN-FRIEDâ€™S PARENTS BOUGHT USING FTX MONEY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23880783/bankman-fried-ftx-lawsuit-clawback?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The lawsuit against SBFâ€™s parents for improper compensation
practices has made headlines - this article details some of the most
interesting aspects of these compensation packages. 

HONG KONG LOOKS TO RELEASE STABLECOIN REGULATIONS BY MID-2024,
LAWMAKER SAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/251719/hong-kong-looks-to-release-stablecoin-regulations-by-mid-2024-lawmaker-says?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Hong Kong is in its second consultation for stablecoin issuance
guidelines, aiming to release regulations by mid-2024. 

OPTIMISM QUIETLY ROLLS OUT THIRD COMMUNITY AIRDROP (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/09/19/optimism-quietly-rolls-out-third-community-airdrop/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Optimism recently conducted its third community airdrop, distributing
$27 million in OP tokens to 31,000 addresses. 

BRIEF HISTORY OF DEFI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/stacy_muur/status/1704083942180045203?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

From its roots in Bitcoin all the way back in 2010 to present day,
DeFi evolved from decentralized digital currency to complex financial
systems. This post highlights some of the biggest milestones along the
way in that journey. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=2b873646-5789-11ee-b0a8-b3a69277d2e1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695211221&t=1695211431&s=97be1e663b9d8c40c9e995093d207a896c38d99ee85481d87178a755ac704acb].