# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-03-2023

Silvergate informed the U.S. SEC that it is unlikely it will be able
to file its annual report on time and may be “less than
well-capitalized”  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d0fc9c0a-b8d9-11ed-8338-91d0d4e67708&pt=campaign&t=1677762455&s=bcfb189f8fcf1bcc1d8220b5e6cbd33a57feca6b194b73c683d7d196419562e2]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-02

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SILVERGATE MAY BE POORLY CAPITALIZED, REEVALUATING STRATEGY IN LIGHT
OF 'REGULATORY CHALLENGES' (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/216408/silvergate-may-be-poorly-capitalized-reevaluating-strategy-in-light-of-regulatory-challenges?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Silvergate, one of the most well-known crypto-friendly banks, informed
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it is unlikely it
will be able to file its annual report on time and may be “less than
well-capitalized”. In conjunction with this, the Company announced
it is currently reevaluating its business. Shares dropped after the
news and analysts have downgraded the stock, citing limited visibility
and the potential for shocks from broader markets to erode capital.
Silvergate works closely with some of the biggest market makers and
exchanges in the industry and makes it easy for them to move funds
around quickly, so the Company plays an important role in the space. 

MAKERDAO’S PLAN TO ENABLE MKR AS COLLATERAL FOR DAI DRAWS
COMPARISONS TO UST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/mkr-as-collateral-for-dai-raises-concerns?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MakerDAO's proposed plan to allow users to borrow its DAI stablecoin
against its MKR governance token has raised concerns in the crypto
community due to the similarity to the mechanism behind Terra’s UST
stablecoin which spectacularly collapsed last May. The idea makes some
uneasy as MKR is much more volatile and illiquid than other collateral
assets, raising the risk of bank runs. However, only users who
delegate their MKR tokens to an active participant in the Maker
protocol’s governance will be allowed to use the feature, and MKR
will not entirely back DAI. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

POLYGON ID OPEN SOURCE RELEASE BRINGS BETTER DIGITAL TRUST FOR ALL (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.polygon.technology/blog/polygon-id-open-source-release-brings-better-digital-trust-for-all?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Polygon ID has released its self-sovereign identity infrastructure
stack, enabling developers to build trust and verification solutions
while maintaining user privacy. It offers a suite of tools, such as
Verifier SDK, Issuer Node, Wallet SDK and Wallet App, that are made
available under the open-source AGPL license. These tools can be used
by developers to build solutions for a wide range of use cases, such
as KYC, passwordless login, undercollateralized lending, and portable
avatars and reputation. Many companies, such as Blockchain Lock,
Bloock, Clique and Kaleido, have already begun to use Polygon ID to
facilitate various services. 

CHAINLINK’S NEW PLATFORM LETS WEB3 PROJECTS CONNECT TO WEB 2.0
SYSTEMS LIKE AWS AND META (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/03/01/chainlink-launches-web3-dev-platform-to-connect-builders-to-web2-0-apis-like-aws-and-meta/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Chainlink has launched Chainlink Functions, a self-service, serverless
platform that enables developers to connect their decentralized apps
to any Web 2.0 API. Featuring customizable computations, the platform
will support popular programming languages like JavaScript. It will
also offer integrations with services like AWS Data Exchange, AWS
Lambda, and Meta, so developers can automatically trigger on-chain
actions from off-chain activities. Chainlink Functions is currently in
private beta mode on Ethereum and Polygon testnets. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DEMYSTIFYING EXPLOITABLE BUGS IN SMART CONTRACTS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ZhangZhuoSJTU/Web3Bugs?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

This project is aimed at providing a valuable resource for Web3
developers and security analysts by helping them understand
exploitable bugs in smart contracts. Most exploitable bugs are
functional in nature and can't be detected by general oracles like
reentrancy. The project plans to compile an extensive list of
vulnerability detection techniques that prioritize the development of
semantical oracles for smart contracts sourced from a variety of
materials. It also highlights two research papers, "Finding Permission
Bugs in Smart Contracts with Role Mining" and "AChecker: Statically
Detecting Smart Contract Access Control Vulnerabilities", that try to
address access control issues. 

‘ACCOUNT ABSTRACTION’ SUPERCHARGES ETHEREUM WALLETS: DUMMIES GUIDE
(11 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/magazine/account-abstraction-supercharges-ethereum-wallets-dummies-guide/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The announcement of “smart accounts”, or “account
abstraction”, at WalletCon in Denver this week will allow crypto
wallets to have all the features of a bank but without having to trust
one. The new ERC-4337 standard transforms a crypto wallet into
something much more powerful, allowing for two-factor authentication,
the setting of monthly spending limits, and autopay of bills and
subscriptions. Smart accounts appeal to new users by allowing them to
open their wallets with just a fingerprint scanner and make
transactions safer on smartphones by storing cryptographic keys on
their phone's hardware security module. Though Ethereum's gas fees
might make it prohibitively expensive to use smartphone wallets with
the protocol, they are more than low enough on other EVM blockchains
and L2s for it to work. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE ORIGINAL KING OF CRYPTO IS BACK (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://nymag.com/intelligencer/article/arthur-hayes-bitmex-crypto-interview.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


If you’re into crypto and not familiar with Arthur Hayes, you should
be. He was one of the original faces of the burgeoning crypto industry
and became one of its main characters before he got sidelined. While
he has never been accused of taking anything that did not belong to
him, he was charged with violating banking law and failing to guard
against money laundering. He recently served a 6-month house arrest
and has since moved to Japan, dreaming up his next move in the crypto
world. This article provides an in-depth look at his journey from his
university days through his time in the crypto industry as a founder
of the famed exchange, BitMEX, and beyond to how he’s now seeking to
help catalyze a movement from TradFi to crypto. 

NOUNS DAO AND THE PHILOSOPHY OF GOVERNANCE (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://stanfordblockchainreview.substack.com/p/nouns-dao-and-the-philosophy-of-governance?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Stanford Blockchain Review breaks down how Nouns DAO is pairing a
unique form of generative art with a governance system using a fork of
Compound Governance. It provides a democratic system where each Nouner
has a fractional say in how the DAO spends its treasury funds,
proportional to the number of NFTs they own. This reimagines the idea
of "civil society" by dragging dated democratic institutions into a
decentralized digital dimension. The governance model of Nouns DAO
offers the dual mandate of promoting democratic DAO governance and
meaningful decentralization through leveraging the communicative and
solidarity-giving power of art. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

THE DECADE LONG THESIS FOR DIGITAL ASSETS, V2.0 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://0xkyle.substack.com/p/the-decade-long-thesis-for-digital?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


It’s easy for crypto natives to cite idealistic reasons the world
should adopt crypto, such as the Sovereign Individual thesis. In
reality though, this argument currently appeals to only a small
portion of the population. This article dives into some of the more
practical reasons people will adopt crypto in the near, medium, and
long-term. 

NEXT TIME YOUR PARENTS GIVE YOU A HARD TIME ABOUT THE CRYPTO INDUSTRY,
SHOW THEM THIS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630889357828669441.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Price action often takes center stage in crypto and many forget about
all of the challenging problems crypto can solve in the world. This
thread highlights 20 peer-reviewed open-access research papers
covering different innovations in the space. 

ROBINHOOD’S SELF-CUSTODY WALLET LAUNCHES ON IOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/robinhoods-self-custody-wallet-launches-on-ios/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Robinhood has globally launched its self-custody wallet application.
It initially released the beta version of the app to a subset of users
on January 19, and the feedback they received was apparently very
positive. 

PART-TIME DEGEN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://pageone.gg/p/part-time-degen?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

In this guest post, Ben Roy, an investor and active crypto participant
provides 8 lessons he has learned after spending three years in the
crypto market. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d0fc9c0a-b8d9-11ed-8338-91d0d4e67708&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677762036&t=1677762455&s=c7936ab6122066207c13deac8d00d15dd1ab4bc005e91143102d26a6a534637f].


 