# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-06-2023

Congressman Warren Davidson has proposed legislation aiming to
restructure the SEC and dismiss its chair, Gary Gensler  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c473a260-09c6-11ee-afc4-f1a1f223cbd1&pt=campaign&t=1686658182&s=72d6cff456dd9c304f3ecd183e985eb8d9828789e1524d8339fd9618c71f991e]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-13

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE.US RESPONDS TO FRAUD, MARKET MANIPULATION, ASSET SAFEGUARDING
CLAIMS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/234323/binanceus-responds-to-fraud-market-manipulation-asset-safeguarding-claims?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Binance.US is fighting back against allegations of fraud, market
manipulation, and customer deception made by the SEC. It insists it
has been fully cooperating with the investigation since December 2020.
The SEC claims Binance.US, along with parent company Binance, funneled
over $12 billion in customer assets to funds controlled by founder CZ.
In its defense, Binance.US states that it keeps customer and corporate
funds separate. This dispute occurs ahead of a hearing on an
SEC-requested temporary restraining order, which would freeze all
assets of Binance.US besides customer withdrawals. 

US CONGRESSMAN FILES LEGISLATION TO FIRE SEC CHAIR GARY GENSLER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://watcher.guru/news/us-congressman-files-legislation-to-fire-sec-chair-gary-gensler?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Congressman Warren Davidson has proposed legislation aiming to
restructure the SEC and dismiss its chair, Gary Gensler, citing his
"tyrannical" leadership. This follows recent enforcement actions taken
by the SEC against leading cryptocurrency exchanges, Coinbase and
Binance, for alleged securities law violations. Davidson's move
reflects growing concerns amongst crypto users and politicians about
the potentially negative impact of the SEC's actions on the digital
asset sector and broader US capital markets. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ORC-20 > BRC-20? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1668264961590607882.html]

The ORC-20 token standard, created by OrcDAO, is aiming to improve
scalability issues that could hinder the BRC-20 standard by reducing
transaction costs. ORC-20's operations or capabilities include
Deploying, Minting, Sending, and Canceling, and it allows changes to a
token’s properties, multi-recipient sending, and cancellation of
partial transactions. It also features Orc Improvement Proposals
(OIPs), aimed at further enhancing efficiency and functionality. While
ORC-20 brings more features, BRC-20 already benefits from strong
network effects, so it is tough to say which one will ultimately
prevail as the standard. 

POLYGON 2.0: THE VALUE LAYER OF THE INTERNET (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://polygon.technology/blog/introducing-polygon-2-0-the-value-layer-of-the-internet?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Polygon teased its 2.0 launch. The protocol aims to be the 'Value
Layer of the Internet', providing a platform for value creation,
exchange, and programming. With these proposed upgrades, the platform
plans to revolutionize its protocol architecture, tokenomics, and
governance, aspiring for limitless scalability and unified liquidity
via ZK technology. It proposes to achieve this through a network of
ZK-powered L2 chains, offering a seamless experience across numerous
chains. The vision for Polygon 2.0 will be gradually revealed in
future updates, some of which are on the roadmap in the article
already. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BRIDGES IN THE MULTI-CHAIN OF MADNESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1668302660603195394.html]

As the crypto ecosystem becomes more multi-chain, the total volume of
bridged transactions is growing. This has been led by Stargate, which
has facilitated 42.9% of the volume and dominates in users and
transactions. Despite lower average transaction values, Stargate is
the preferred choice for average users due to its low-fee structure.
This Twitter thread explains how several blockchain bridging solutions
are addressing the issue of isolated liquidity across different
networks. The thread also compares some of the other bridging
solutions with Stargate, breaking them down by volume, transactions,
users, and fees (revenue). 

CRYPTO JOB HUNTING GUIDE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1668271399721398273.html]

This guide provides an in-depth breakdown of various platforms and
resources to use for job hunting in the crypto space. It suggests
following VC funding, using platforms like Messari and Crunchbase for
funding round insights, and exploring job boards such as Framework
Ventures, Cryptocurrency Jobs, and ecosystem-specific job boards.
Networking on Twitter and attending crypto conferences are also
highlighted as effective strategies. Finally, being active in
communities and contributing to DAOs can also lead to great
opportunities. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

A NEW CRYPTO BANKING SYSTEM ARISES UNDER THE SHADOW OF A REGULATORY
CRACKDOWN (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/EIaU3?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Following the collapse of Silvergate Capital Corp. and Signature Bank,
crypto firms are turning to smaller, regional lenders and Swiss and
Asian banks for services. This comes as increased scrutiny and
regulatory crackdowns in the US have led mainstream banks to be
cautious about crypto causing the banking situation for crypto firms
in the US to be worse than the pre-2018 era. It has led to the
development of a new banking system for crypto, which is
fragmented/decentralized, less US-focused, and less publicized. While
this may be a challenge for the industry, it could lead to a more
resilient system. 

INVESTORS HAVE PULLED $417M OUT OF CRYPTO FUNDS IN TWO MONTHS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/144251/investors-have-pulled-417m-out-of-crypto-funds-in-two-months?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Institutional investors have continued to pull out from crypto funds
to the tune of $417 million over a two-month period. North America
accounted for 87% of total outflows. Bitcoin led the outflows, while
Ethereum also experienced significant sell pressure. Solana, Litecoin,
and Ripple registered inflows. Market experts attribute the selling to
ongoing monetary policy adjustments, particularly rising interest
rates. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

BANK OF CHINA INVESTMENT ARM ISSUES TOKENIZED NOTES ON ETHEREUM (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/boc-investment-arm-tokenized-notes?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bank of China's investment arm, BOCI, in partnership with UBS, has
issued tokenized notes worth approximately $28 million on the Ethereum
blockchain in Hong Kong. This event marks the first issuance of a
digital note by a Chinese financial institution in the region, amidst
Hong Kong's efforts to establish itself as a crypto hub. 

PAYMENT STABLECOINS SUPPORT THE DOLLAR AND U.S. ECONOMIC
COMPETITIVENESS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.circle.com/executiveinsights/payment-stablecoins-support-the-dollar-and-u.s.-economic-competitiveness?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In his prepared remarks for the House Financial Services Committee
Hearing, Jeremy Allaire, Circle’s CEO, advocated for clear
stablecoin regulations focused on protecting the US dollar's global
dominance in the evolving digital and blockchain-based financial
landscape. 

ETORO CURTAILS NEW ORDERS OF SEC-DEEMED CRYPTO SECURITIES FOR US
CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/etoro-curtails-crypto-securities?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In response to the SEC's lawsuits last week, eToro is limiting US
customers' access to four cryptocurrencies: Algorand, Decentraland,
Polygon, and Dash. Customers can hold and sell existing positions but
can't make new purchases. 

“WE’VE SEEN THIS STORY BEFORE” - REMARKS BEFORE THE PIPER
SANDLER GLOBAL EXCHANGE & FINTECH CONFERENCE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sec.gov/news/speech/gensler-remarks-piper-sandler-060823?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Gary Gensler gave a talk at the Piper Sandler conference asserting
that most cryptocurrencies qualify as securities and should comply
with US securities laws. He pointed out what he viewed as extensive
noncompliance in the crypto market, including illicit actions and
misleading activities. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=c473a260-09c6-11ee-afc4-f1a1f223cbd1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686657635&t=1686658182&s=57580d07fc336c20d3e7fb4abd65e010a7e4c52158ccad829169db4307977948].