# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-07-2023

The US House Financial Services Committee has made progress with a
proposed bill to clarify aspects of digital assets and their market
status.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3f560b2e-2c65-11ee-991e-0557b71ee961&pt=campaign&t=1690459426&s=ae05e99d4a4ddb9c35ce45014941f74bcbdeb87f69cf8dee9279c8acc2b7b977]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-27

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LANDMARK CRYPTO MARKET OVERHAUL BILL ADVANCES PAST FIRST COMMITTEE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/241508/democrats-oppose-crypto-market-overhaul-but-stablecoin-deal-possible?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The US House Financial Services Committee has made progress on crypto
regulation with a proposed bill designed to clarify aspects of digital
assets and their market status. The bill, aiming to provide a way for
a digital asset to transition from a security to a commodity, had
mixed support and opposition from both sides of the aisle. However, it
managed to advance with a bipartisan vote of 35-15. The House
Agriculture Committee will also debate the proposed legislation as it
has some jurisdiction over the proposal. 

BINANCE TO REENTER JAPAN IN AUGUST 2 YEARS AFTER REGULATOR'S WARNING
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/07/26/binance-to-reenter-japan-in-august-2-years-after-regulators-warning/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Binance is set to relaunch in Japan next month. This comes after the
company faced a regulatory warning from Japan's Financial Services
Agency two years ago for operating without authorization. Binance will
not simply relaunch in the country. It is coming back via the
acquisition of already regulatory compliant Sakura Exchange BitCoin,
which closed in November of last year. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MIGRATION TRANSACTION: ALLOW EOAS TO SEND A ONE-TIME TRANSACTION WHICH
DEPLOYS CODE AT THEIR ACCOUNT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7377?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

A new Ethereum Improvement Proposal aims to make it easier for users
to transition from Externally Owned Accounts to smart contract
wallets. The proposal introduces a new EIP-2718 transaction type that
alters the sending account's code field in the state trie and applies
tuples to the sender's storage trie. By expediting user adoption of
smart contract wallets, the EIP hopes to promote better support and
integrations, prompting the mechanism to stop being seen as a niche
use case. Critical concerns include account security and ensuring
wallet providers facilitate safe transactions. 

ETHEREUM GENERATIVE ART CHALLENGER HIGHLIGHT TAKES ON ART BLOCKS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/150089/ethereum-generative-art-challenger-highlight-takes-on-art-blocks?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

A new digital art marketplace, Highlight, has launched as the first
"open access" generative art platform on the Ethereum blockchain.
Backed by Haun Ventures and fresh off an $11 million funding round,
Highlight offers free use with no artist fees. Instead of relying on a
curatorial model that often restricts artist accessibility, Highlight
simplifies the process with easy-to-use tools and encourages
experimentation with different media types. While the platform will be
free for artists to use, it will generate revenue through small fees
from buyers. In addition to Ethereum, Highlight also plans to support
other networks with cheaper transactions. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN UPDATE ON THE ON-CHAIN DERIVATIVES SECTOR (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DeFi_Made_Here/status/1684233479607705601?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This Twitter thread highlights how the DeFi sector is becoming more
and more competitive as user adoption increases. Decentralized
exchanges, despite doing only 2% of CEX trading volume, are generating
billions in volume daily. GMX, one of the leading players, is losing
market share amid rising competition. Its v2 launch's success will be
vital. Synthetix is the largest protocol, but it has a suboptimal
revenue model. Meanwhile, Gains is an undervalued project, while Level
and Perp show less potential. MUX stands out as an interesting
up-and-coming protocol based on its metrics and early traction. 

2021 SEED STAGE RETROSPECTIVE: AN ANALYSIS OF THE 2021 SEED STAGE
PROJECTS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lattice.fund/writing-and-press/2021-seed-stage-retrospective?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Lattice Fund conducted an analysis of 780 seed stage crypto projects
from the 2021 vintage to see where they are now as a group. The report
reveals that about 70% of the projects have shipped a product to
mainnet or equivalent, while 20% have closed or halted development,
and only around 5% have found Product Market Fit. Ethereum continues
to dominate among L1s, with companies on Ethereum showing some of the
best levels of traction. However, companies that have gone multichain
have had the most success raising follow-on rounds and finding Product
Market Fit. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FUTURE OF PAYMENTS INCLUDES STABLECOINS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://policy.paradigm.xyz/writing/The-Future-of-Payments-Includes-Stablecoins?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article highlights key considerations for legislation around
stablecoins. As regulation around cryptocurrencies assumes focus
worldwide, regulators should address user risks by setting
risk-management standards, potentially including balance verification,
and reserve asset requirements for centralized issuers of US
dollar-linked stablecoins. Legislation should also support competition
among stablecoins and other financial services, setting clear
regulations for stablecoin use and guaranteeing open access for
consumers. Furthermore, legislation should support innovation in
stablecoins, allowing a variety of forms, assuming adherence to
consumer protection and suitable risk-management rules. 

CHRISTIEâ€™S FAILS TO SELL $400,000 â€˜LOST ROBBIEâ€™ NFT WEEKS AFTER
A SIMILAR ONE SOLD ON SUPERRARE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://view.email.artnews.com/?qs=74f2bf86368fe22898255fd60a8163d71870086f7041c133f7107ee82811633fa351c69be9721f1e2629facffe14756f3165c11fe062cca42115a34464a9c925da6acad4b13f9258a893ba57180ebc47]

Christie's is recognizing the challenge of keeping pace with
crypto-native marketplaces in the digital art market. Based on an
unsuccessful recent sale of a â€˜Lost Robbieâ€™ NFT, the difficulty
isn't attributed to declining interest in digital art, according to
Christie's digital art specialist, Sebastian Sanchez. Instead, he
stressed that the inherent competitiveness, decentralization, and
dynamism of NFT marketplaces like SuperRare or OpenSea are still
something the auction house is learning to navigate. To compete,
Christie's has shifted some of its traditional strategies, like
dropping buyer premiums and highlighting its unique in-person
programming and exhibitions. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

BITCOIN'S PRICE RISES AFTER FED HIKES RATES AS EXPECTED (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/241516/bitcoins-price-rises-slightly-after-fed-hikes-rates-as-expected?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bitcoin rose slightly after the Fed raised interest rates by the
expected 25 basis points, marking its 11th hike in 17 months. 

ON REAL WORLD ASSETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/KyleSamani/status/1684209464700698715?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In this Twitter thread, Kyle Samani explains how the framing of
discussions on RWAs is wrong and how he views this nascent market. 

BITCOIN MINERS BUY UP RIGS AS PRICES NEAR ALL-TIME LOWS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/07/26/bitcoin-miners-buy-up-rigs-as-prices-near-all-time-lows/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bitcoin mining rig prices have hit a near all-time low due to
decreasing profitability from bitcoin volatility and rising costs.
This price drop is providing an opportunity for miners to upgrade
their equipment ahead of the expected Bitcoin halving in 2024. 

WHATâ€™S THE ENDGAME FOR SOLANA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DefiIgnas/status/1684192430063759360?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The Head of DeFi BD for the Solana Foundation recently discussed
Solana's competitive advantages, plans for recovery after its TVL drop
and the general bear market downturn, and aim to attract a billion
users. This Twitter thread breaks down what she had to say about all
of this and more. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3f560b2e-2c65-11ee-991e-0557b71ee961&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690459223&t=1690459426&s=de174a5843771d44010a55df0d85145d51b51718cf5166aeae271fd6435bc2cd].