# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-05-2023

It seems that Senators Elizabeth Warren and Roger Marshall are having
trouble finding co-sponsors for their crypto anti-money laundering
billÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4522184c-e7f3-11ed-9d28-0f536786f8ee&pt=campaign&t=1682942887&s=a127c39bed5d52a2b3d6df39116a3c51f1c5dd304f55cd384976fe39fe6d5fa8]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-01

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SENS. WARREN, MARSHALL DELAY REINTRODUCING CRYPTO BILL DUE TO LACK OF
SPONSORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/warren-crypto-bill-delayed?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


It seems that Senators Elizabeth Warren and Roger Marshall are having
trouble finding co-sponsors for their crypto anti-money laundering
bill as they have postponed its reintroduction. The bill, initially
introduced in December, seeks to impose wide-sweeping KYC rules on the
crypto industry, including on miners, validators, and other
independent participants in the space. Despite expectations of a
revised bill, the latest version contains the same language that
initially drew criticism. Opponents argue that the legislation imposes
impractical and unworkable compliance burdens, potentially hindering
digital asset innovation in the US. 

CRYPTO-FRIENDLY CROSS RIVER BANK FACES FDIC SCRUTINY OVER 'UNSAFE'
PRACTICES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228835/cross-river-bank-fdic?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Cross River Bank, a venture-backed New Jersey regional bank with
connections to major crypto firms, received a consent order from the
FDIC criticizing its practices as unsafe or unsound. The consent order
was related to the bank's compliance with fair lending laws and
regulations, but the bank neither admitted nor denied the issues.
Cross River Bank has since implemented improvements to its fair
lending and other programs, and the order is not expected to have a
material impact on the bank going forward. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

PAYPAL EXTENDING CRYPTO TRANSFERS TO MORE THAN 60 MILLION VENMO
CUSTOMERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228824/paypal-extending-crypto-transfers-to-more-than-60-million-venmo-customers?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


PayPal is introducing a feature for its over 60 million US-based Venmo
users, enabling them to transfer cryptocurrencies to external wallets
and PayPal accounts. This move follows the introduction of crypto
transfers on PayPal's platform in June last year. Prior to this new
development, US-based Venmo users were not able to transfer crypto
assets outside of their Venmo accounts, essentially only allowing them
to speculate on crypto prices. Now, users will be able to actually use
Venmo as an on-ramp and transfer assets to external, self-custodial
wallets. 

ROBINHOOD GIVES USERS A NEW WAY TO FUND THEIR WEB3 WALLETS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/27/dnprobinhood-starts-a-new-way-for-its-users-to-fund-their-web3-wallet/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Robinhood has introduced Robinhood Connect, a feature that enables
users to fund their crypto wallets natively within apps. The feature
can be embedded in apps, so that Robinhood users can seamlessly buy,
transfer, and fund self-custody wallets. Robinhood Connect aims to
simplify access to web3 technology, providing easier on-ramps to
crypto apps. The Connect feature is already live with MyDoge, Giddy,
and Slingshot wallets with Exodus and Phantom integrations coming
soon. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ZK FUNDAMENTALS: ARITHMETIC CIRCUITS? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1651597345371373571.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread runs through the basics of ZK proofs. ZK proofs involve
proving knowledge of input that satisfies a polynomial equation.
Polynomial functions can be represented by "arithmetic circuits,"
which are directed acyclic graphs with nodes and edges. These circuits
use basic arithmetic operations, like addition and multiplication, on
variables. Nodes are called "gates" and edges are "wires." The process
involves taking inputs, adding and multiplying them together to output
a polynomial. The arithmetic circuits in ZK proofs can be larger and
more complex with more inputs but follow the same basic concept. 

DATA AVAILABILITY SAMPLING AND DANKSHARDING: AN OVERVIEW AND A
PROPOSAL FOR IMPROVEMENTS (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/content/article/an-overview-of-danksharding-and-a-proposal-for-improvement-of-das/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article from a16z explains danksharding, which is a proposed
upgrade to Ethereum aimed at scaling the amount of data on-chain by
using Data Availability Sampling. Protodanksharding, which comes
before Danksharding, introduces a new transaction type called
"blob-carrying transaction" that allows clients to write more data to
the chain. Danksharding further increases data availability, allowing
clients to benefit from lower fees. The article explores modifications
to Danksharding, including reducing the bound for data recovery from
75% to 25%. It also investigates alternative commitment schemes, such
as IPA commitments and Merkle commitments, that do not require a
trusted setup. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MASTERCARD TEAMING WITH SOLANA, POLYGON ON NEW CRYPTO CREDENTIAL
STANDARDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228809/mastercard-crypto-credential-standards?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Mastercard is partnering with Aptos Labs, Ava Labs, Polygon, and The
Solana Foundation to create a new set of standards called Mastercard
Crypto Credential. The goal of these standards is to create more trust
in the ecosystem among consumers, businesses, and governments. The
initiative includes partnerships with wallets to aid in cross-border
transfers and looks to enable enhanced verification techniques for
NFTs, payment solutions, ans enterprise transactions. 

ETHEREUM ALL CORE DEVELOPERS EXECUTION CALL #160 WRITEUP (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.galaxy.com/research/insights/ethereum-all-core-developers-execution-call-160/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


During the most recent All Core Developers Execution call, Ethereum
developers discussed the code changes for the next Ethereum upgrade,
called Cancun. The developers agreed to include EIPs 4844, 6780, 6475,
and 1153, while EIPs 6913, 6493, 4788, 2537, and 5656 are under
consideration but not yet accepted. EIPs related to Big EOF and EVMMAX
were removed from consideration. The focal point of the upcoming
Cancun upgrade will be proto-dankshading, and developers are working
on the EIP 4844 Devnet #5, a multi-client test network, with several
client teams participating. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

EPIC GAMES ALUM MIKE SEAVERS WILL JOIN WEB3 GIANT YUGA LABS AS CTO (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/28/epic-games-alum-mike-seavers-will-join-web3-giant-yuga-labs-as-cto/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Mike Seavers, ex-EVP of Epic Games, will become Yuga Labs' CTO on May
22. Yuga has been building quite the roster when it comes to gaming,
hiring experienced execs from some of the top gaming companies like
Epic and Activision. 

BITCOIN TRANSACTIONS REACH RECORD HIGH AS INSCRIPTIONS SURGE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228882/bitcoin-transactions-inscriptions-record?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bitcoin's daily transaction count reached a new all-time high, likely
due to a massive spike in Ordinal Inscriptions. 

REGULATION WILL KILL CRYPTO SPECULATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.m6labs.co/p/regulation-will-kill-crypto-speculation?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Enforced regulations eliminating speculation would likely transform
the crypto market, shifting from the wild excitement and bubbles we
have seen in cycles past to more stable, subdued conditions. This
change could potentially usher in a new era focused on innovation and
growth, prioritizing long-term vision over short-term gains. 

$1.4 TRILLION INVESTMENT FIRM LAUNCHES TOKENIZED MUTUAL FUND ON
POLYGON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/templeton-money-fund-polygon?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Franklin Templeton has launched its on-chain money fund, FOBXX, on the
Polygon network. The fund aims to maintain a stable $1 share price by
investing in government securities, cash, or repurchase agreements.
The move is yet another example of increased institutional interest in
Ethereum and the EVM ecosystem. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4522184c-e7f3-11ed-9d28-0f536786f8ee&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682942430&t=1682942887&s=3c74bedcf6a4c68d9eae3384b4e74c519643410b9a13f67ecfab78f1d85828a7].


Â 