# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-05-2023

Apollo Global Management, a leading private equity firm, is
participating in a bid to acquire struggling cryptocurrency lender
Celsius  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=64823262-ee3d-11ed-8b26-4d31f5cb9970&pt=campaign&t=1683634142&s=c083939f3b8ce30d9e2b6f6b5901ac22d4c18bf0c15f3379ecd6490ca68c2979]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-09

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE CEO SAYS SEC IS ON ‘LONE CRUSADE,’ DIALS BACK ON
SUGGESTION EXCHANGE MAY RELOCATE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/05/08/coinbase-ceo-on-us-crypto-regulation-sec-lawsuit-international-plans.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong criticized the SEC and its chair, Gary
Gensler, for their "anti-crypto" stance, but confirmed that Coinbase
will not completely relocate overseas. Given the regulatory
uncertainty in the US, Armstrong sees potential for a more welcoming
regulatory environment in the European Union and the UK and has been
expanding international operations as of late. Coinbase continues to
dispute the SEC's allegations of selling unregistered securities to
investors and demand more clarity on the matter and crypto regulations
in general. Armstrong also expressed interest in investing in the
United Arab Emirates, considering its favorable crypto regulations. 

PRIVATE EQUITY GIANT APOLLO IS PART OF A BID TO BUY BANKRUPT CRYPTO
FIRM CELSIUS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/05/08/private-equity-giant-apollo-is-part-of-a-bid-to-buy-bankrupt-crypto-firm-celsius/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Apollo Global Management, a leading private equity firm, is
participating in a bid to acquire struggling cryptocurrency lender
Celsius through its investment in NovaWulf. The restructured Celsius
plans to mine bitcoin, stake ETH, and issue blockchain-based security
tokens representing ownership interests. Apollo's involvement is
notable as traditional finance giants have typically stayed away from
the crypto industry. NovaWulf has partnered with Provenance Blockchain
for equity token issuance and trading, while Figure, Provenance's
sister company, will provide infrastructure for tokenized securities. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

WORLD APP: THE FIRST WORLDCOIN WALLET, DESIGNED TO BRING DIGITAL
IDENTITY & GLOBAL FINANCE TO ALL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://worldcoin.org/blog/announcements/introducing-world-app?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


World App, the first wallet for the Worldcoin ecosystem, launched
yesterday, supporting private digital identity and a vision for a new
financial system. Users can authenticate with World ID, claim
Worldcoin grants, and send digital money globally. The app aims to
empower individuals in the Age of AI and provide access to proof of
personhood, equitable global distribution of digital currencies, and a
path to AI-funded UBI. The wallet is built on Ethereum and runs on
Polygon, with plans to run on an Ethereum rollup. As a reminder,
Worldcoin was created by Sam Altman, the founder of OpenAI, with the
goal of helping people prove personhood in the age of AI. 

MAKER TO SPARK ‘NEW EXPLOSION OF DAI’ WITH CUSTOM LENDING MARKET
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/makers-spark-protocol-dai?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MakerDAO is launching Spark Protocol, a product that provides users
with direct access to a wholesale DAI credit line. Initially owned by
MakerDAO, Spark Protocol is expected to become its own sub-DAO. It
consists of two components: Spark Lend and its front-end interface.
Spark's custom interest rate model is set by governance and remains
flat, irrespective of user numbers or DAI liquidity. Initially capped
at $5 million, the debt ceiling is expected to rise to $200 million
within two-to-five weeks. Spark Protocol will initially support ETH
and stETH as collateral assets. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO BRC-20 TOKEN CREATION, MINTING, AND TRADING
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/skytrackr.eth/6DrgKWTEoVgFJg0PDLxJQtHIQA2q6H47OxxmYbxWIg0?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This guide explains how to create, mint, and trade BRC-20 tokens on
the Bitcoin network. Start by setting up a Taproot (PT2R) Bitcoin
wallet on Unisat and funding it with BTC. Mint desired tokens on
Unisat's BRC-20 page and set appropriate transaction fees using
Mempool Space. Wait for verification and find your tokens in the
wallet's BRC-20 section. List and trade tokens on Unisat Market,
Ordinal's Wallet BRC-20, or BRC-20.io. For optimal results, pay higher
transaction fees, avoid deploying duplicate tokens, and wait for fees
to stabilize before transacting. 

SCROLL AIRDROP GUIDE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655588455894724611.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Scroll token, backed by prominent VCs, could potentially provide
an interesting airdrop to early users. To increase your chances of
receiving an airdrop, you can transfer ETH from Goerli to Scroll Alpha
Testnet and perform swaps, request funds, and create pools on
SyncSwap. Deploy contracts and tokens, then create pools and trade on
SyncSwap or Uniswap. In addition to these testnet actions, you can
join the Scroll Guild, engage with other dapps, and test lending and
borrowing on Aave's Scroll Alpha testnet. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

SUI LAUNCH THROWS MARKET MAKERS’ CUT INTO SPOTLIGHT: ‘NO ONE
REALLY KNOWS WHAT THE TERMS OF THE DEAL ARE’ (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/markets/sui-token-distribution-puts-spotlight-on-market-makers/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The launch of Sui has raised concerns about the role of market makers
in the token's allocation. With big backers like Andreesen Horowitz
and Coinbase Ventures, the SUI token has become one of the top 10
most-traded tokens. However, over half of the launch tokens, worth
about $370 million, were allocated to market makers. Critics argue
this benefits market makers at the expense of retail investors.
However, a Sui Foundation spokesperson maintains that Sui has been
transparent and the token allocation is within industry standards. 

‘VISA’ ON BASE: THE FIRST MASS-SCALE CRYPTO APPLICATION IS RIGHT
AROUND THE CORNER (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/nakulkelkar.eth/NkqBQ7mPuh_pE6hsElGU8y2kKINFd49aravxLfU3jHI?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the potential for mass adoption of crypto
payments, attributing slow progress to high gas fees and the lack of
widely-used stablecoins. Recent developments, including USDC,
Ethereum's rollup-centric roadmap, and the Coinbase Base platform,
could be laying the groundwork for mainstream crypto adoption. The
article also claims that lower transaction costs, enabled by upgrades
like the Cancun upgrade, could make Ethereum a more viable payment
platform. The author argues that, whether we realize it or not,
traditional payment rails, like Visa and Mastercard, impose high fees
and lack innovation, whereas crypto-based payment systems offer
interoperability, instant settlement, and overall lower costs to the
system. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

WHEN YOU’RE FEELING BAD ABOUT MISSING OUT ON GENERATIONAL WEALTH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655585354240475145.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Missing out on life-changing money can impact future trading
decisions, and there’s been a lot of feelings of missing out lately
with the meme coin craze. This thread walks through what you can learn
during times like this to make better decisions in the future. 

AN UPDATE ON THE BRC-20 MARKET (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655442232349196288.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


BRC-20 coins, now at $542 million in market cap, have continued to
increase blockchain congestion and transaction fees and have led to
disagreements between bitcoin maximalists and other crypto users about
Bitcoin’s intended use cases. 

ASCENDING TO DIVINITY: FOCG -- THE NEXT EVOLUTION IN OPEN WORLD GAMING
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/vanishk.eth/9xI-lNxPWyYqnh1PIoBhaKHWS22UhzB0uAP1kbiHeEc?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article explains how fully on-chain games, the next step in the
evolution of web3 gaming, could elevate gaming in general to a whole
new level. 

TRANSACTION COUNT IS AN INFERIOR MEASURE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@nic__carter/transaction-count-is-an-inferior-measure-fba2d5ac97f1?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This old article from Nic Carter resurfaced in light of disagreements
about high transaction volume on the Bitcoin network. In it, he
explains that Bitcoin should be viewed more like fedwire than Visa and
the thinking around that framework. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=64823262-ee3d-11ed-8b26-4d31f5cb9970&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683633631&t=1683634142&s=315a18e6ea458ec722b1a5062a3329518a42f644128abdbe75f46706dab9f60e].


 