# Articles TLDR Crypto 03-09-2024

A new DEX, similar to Uniswap v2 but with a unique fee structure, has
quickly gained attention, reaching $27 M. Users must create their own
tokens  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [EnergyX] [4]

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-09-03

 DEMAND FOR LITHIUM IS FAR OUTSTRIPPING SUPPLY. INVESTORS ARE PAYING
ATTENTION TO THIS LIMITED TIME OPPORTUNITY (SPONSOR) [4] 

 Surging demand for AI chips has made NVIDIA investors rich. Lithium
might be next in line: demand is expected to grow 20x by 2040 [4] as
automakers go fully electric, far outstripping supply.

Looking for a way to invest in this trend?

EnergyX [4] has developed patented tech [4] that can extract 300%
more lithium than current methods. The company has opened its
investment round to the public [4] for a limited time — here's what
you need to know:

⏰ This investment opportunity will officially come to a close
October 3rd at midnight PST.

📈 $104M+ invested to date, including a $50M round led by General
Motors [4] and a $5M grant from the U.S. Department of Energy

🤝 6 strategic agreements with top lithium producers

✅ 120+ patents across 19 patent families

Don't miss out on being an early investor in the lithium revolution
→ [4]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 QATAR INTRODUCES REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR DIGITAL ASSETS (1 MINUTE
READ) [5] 

 Qatar (led by the Qatar Financial Centre) has launched a regulatory
framework for digital assets to increase innovation and efficiency in
the country's financial sector. This framework hopes to have
provisions around tokenization, custody arrangements, and the legal
recognition of smart contracts and property rights in tokens, with the
hope of bolstering economic development and attracting foreign
investment. 

 WHERE DID ETH GO WRONG? (3 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 This critique of Ethereum highlights several key issues: an
overemphasis on sound money principles rather than scaling, which led
to slow and expensive transactions, and a lack of support for DeFi.
The proliferation of L2s has fragmented liquidity, undermining
Ethereum's auction-based fee model and its sound money thesis, while
ongoing selling pressure from the Ethereum Foundation and competition
from user-friendly alternatives like Solana exacerbate the challenges.


🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 QUICK TLDR OF ETHER VISTA (1 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 A new DEX, similar to Uniswap v2 but with a unique fee structure, has
quickly gained attention, reaching $27 million. Users must create
their own tokens, while the DEX provides a "Launch" function,
distributing LP tokens in exchange for new tokens and ETH, with fixed
buy/sell fees that reward LP providers and the token creator. 

 BRIDGE: A NEW STABLECOIN PAYMENTS PLATFORM (4 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Bridge uses stablecoins to address global financial challenges caused
by local currency limitations. It aims to simplify cross-border
transactions, provide dollar access in unstable economies, and reduce
costs associated with traditional money movement. Bridge has partnered
with organizations to facilitate payouts, cross-border payments, and
FX operations by offering stablecoin orchestration and issuance. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 WHY SEQUENCING WILL ALWAYS ACCRUE WAY MORE VALUE THAN DA (3 MINUTE
READ) [9] 

 The Ethereum rollup-centric roadmap is flawed because it undervalues
the sequencing layer, which captures most of the value through price
discrimination, while the data availability (DA) layer, like
Ethereum's, earns little since it can't price discriminate. This
misjudgment has led to a loss of value accrual to the base layer,
threatening Ethereum's role as network equity rather than as a purely
monetary asset. 

 A GUIDE TO ZKTLS (10 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 In zkTLS, a system for creating Web Proofs that can bring Web2 to
Web3, zero-knowledge proofs are used not for privacy but to ensure
integrity and security. There are three main approaches to zkTLS -
TEE-based, MPC-based, and Proxy-based - each using different
cryptographic primitives to protect the private key while maintaining
claim integrity. The primary purpose of these systems is to prove that
data came from a specific website without revealing the decryption
key. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GLUE AND COPROCESSOR ARCHITECTURES (12 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This article explains how modern computing often separates tasks into
two parts: simple logic that directs the process ("glue") and intense,
specialized work ("coprocessors"). For example, Ethereum uses general
code for business logic and specific code for heavy tasks like
cryptography. This trend is growing because it balances efficiency
with flexibility, making it easier for developers to build complex
systems while maintaining performance and security. The approach also
opens doors for new, smaller developers to contribute effectively. 

 THE ‘GOLDEN YEAR OF AIRDROPS' IS OVER (3 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Airdrops have become institutionalized and overfarmed, which,
alongside disdain towards VC-backed projects, has made airdrop farming
and token releases less valuable. There will still be under-the-radar
projects that adequately reward users, but it is worth seeking those
out and staying at the cutting edge of protocols. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 THE FALSE DEMISE OF THE EVM (1 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Ethereum and the EVM still dominate the developer ecosystem, with
most new developers joining the Ethereum network, its L2 solutions,
and EVM-compatible chains like Polygon, BNB, and Avalanche. 

 SOLANA VALIDATOR REVENUE BREAKDOWN (1 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Solana validators receive 78.2% of revenue from issuance, 15.3% from
MEV, and 6.5% from fees. 

 IF THIS THEN THAT FOR THE INTERNET (3 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 This post discusses the potential of a futuristic "If This, Then
That" (IFTTT) mechanism for creating automated actions in the
blockchain space that allows users to set up smart contracts that
execute based on verified real-world events. 

 ARE CEX LISTINGS REALLY A PRICE CATALYST (2 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 While crypto listings on major exchanges like Binance are often
viewed as price catalysts, the actual impact on token prices
post-listing is quite mixed. 

Love TLDR? Tell your friends and get rewards!

 Share your referral link below with friends to get free TLDR swag! 

 https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6 [17] 

		 Track your referrals here. [18] 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [19]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Esham Macauley & Lincoln Murr 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto, please
unsubscribe from TLDR Crypto [20] or manage all of your TLDR
newsletter subscriptions [21]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3198ed74-69ce-11ef-bb57-7b9f169b4061&pt=campaign&t=1725365031&s=a0dfe5093d8aacffcff197d9f3b177e1083d7a7322df4530ccac5e7058a90d38
[4] https://invest.energyx.com/?utm_source=dmrenergyxlandingpage&utm_medium=partnership69-01_09-03&tnames=partnership69-01_09-03_11592126284
[5] https://cointelegraph.com/news/qatar-financial-centre-digital-assets-regulation?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1829618753585262809.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830671008795140297.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://x.com/StableCoin/status/1829189512741957734?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830090797552636209.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://blog.reclaimprotocol.org/posts/zk-in-zktls?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830526983375065514.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1829261775662915831.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830297312855531904.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1829269419152867447.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://blog.codybrown.name/p/if-this-then-that-for-the-future?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1830266553725825316.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://refer.tldr.tech/44a1f28b/6
[18] https://hub.sparklp.co/sub_ed15f5e392d5/6
[19] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[20] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=3198ed74-69ce-11ef-bb57-7b9f169b4061&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1725364840&t=1725365031&s=2dac554f148fd0378fa05c02234ce2a5056ee7e40f002b4d97c2a8f33fa4f7a4
[21] https://tldr.tech/crypto/manage?email=blockchaincryptologue%40gmail.com