# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-04-2023

Coinbase has responded to the SECs Wells noticeÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8767a4ac-e595-11ed-9af6-3571e52d0537&pt=campaign&t=1682683687&s=ec4f3aa67ff508080cffda93c85ec7cc6709461ec24c143add01031f8f0854c9]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-28

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE RESPONDS TO THE SECâ€™S WELLS NOTICE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/coinbase-responds-to-the-secs-wells-notice?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase has responded to the SEC's Wells notice, asserting that they
have not changed since being allowed to go public two years ago and
still do not list securities. They seek SEC compliance to register for
listing securities in the future. Coinbase makes clear that it will
continue building its platform, seek legislation from Congress, and
request SEC rulemaking for clearer crypto regulation. 

GALAXY DIGITAL TO DEVELOP EUROPEAN-LISTED ETPS WITH ASSET MANAGER DWS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/26/galaxy-digital-to-develop-etps-alongside-asset-manager-dws/?utm_source=www.m6labs.co&utm_medium=tldr_crypto]


Along with help from German asset management firm DWS, Galaxy Digital
is looking to develop exchange-traded products to be listed in Europe.
These ETPs will allow Europeans to invest in digital assets through
their traditional brokerage accounts. DWS will be Galaxy's exclusive
partner for crypto ETPs in Europe. Unlike the US, where spot bitcoin
ETFs have faced regulatory hurdles, crypto ETPs have become
well-established in Europe and Canada, offering institutional
investors an entry point to crypto without direct digital asset
ownership. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SOLANA LABS PREPS CHATGPT PLUGIN FOR REAL-TIME BLOCKCHAIN ANALYSIS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/138110/solana-labs-preps-chatgpt-plugin-for-real-time-blockchain-analysis?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Solana Labs is developing a ChatGPT plugin to facilitate Solana
blockchain queries through OpenAI's chat interface. Upon launch, users
will be able to perform tasks like checking wallet balances,
transferring tokens, and buying NFTs using the ChatGPT interface. A
beta version is available for developers to play around with on Solana
Labs' GitHub account. Solana aims to promote safe and
human-interpretable standards for large language models and the
transactions going through them and is granting $1 million to spur
different AI use cases on Solana. 

POLYGON BRIDGE FOR POLYGON ZKEVM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://polygon.technology/blog/announcing-polygon-bridge-for-polygon-zkevm-2?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Polygon has introduced a bridge for its zkEVM to enhance blockchain
scaling. The bridge offers a similar user experience to Polygon's PoS
counterpart but includes UX improvements like a visible progress bar,
transaction history, and filtering options. Polygon zkEVM's bridge is
powered by zk tech, providing fast transaction finality and supporting
various assets such as ERC-20 and ERC-777 tokens. This bridge also
removes mapping requirements for users, which can save hours or days
for users and makes for a much cleaner UX. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DERIVATIVES TRADING FOR DUMMIES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://awawat.medium.com/derivatives-trading-101-15389091f768?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article offers ten lessons for beginners looking to trade crypto
derivatives, which are contracts that track an underlying asset.
Trading crypto derivatives is challenging, but resources on Crypto
Twitter, YouTube channels, and online threads can provide valuable
insights. According to Awawat, the key is to find a trading style that
suits you, identify good entry and exit points for trades, manage
positions and leverage wisely, and track your performance. Holding
duration and life balance should also be considered, and utilizing
indicators and tools can enhance trading decisions. If you find the
right circle on Crypto Twitter, you will also be able to connect with
and learn from seasoned, successful traders. 

TIME, SLOTS, AND THE ORDERING OF EVENTS IN ETHEREUM PROOF-OF-STAKE (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.paradigm.xyz/2023/04/mev-boost-ethereum-consensus?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article dives into the interplay between mev-boost and consensus
and was prompted by the April 2nd attack on an MEV searcher that
resulted in a $20 million loss. Developers released five patches to
address the bug, causing temporary instability in the Ethereum
network. Mev-boost is a protocol designed to mitigate the negative
effects of MEV on the Ethereum network, involving relays, builders,
and proposers. The recent attack highlighted the importance of
mev-boost for Ethereum consensus and the network's vulnerability to
timing-related aspects of the fork-choice rule. Research is underway
to improve network stability and protect mev-boost against
equivocation. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FBI SEARCHES HOME OF TOP FTX EXECUTIVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/TDeyp?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The FBI searched the home of Ryan Salame, a former FTX executive and
major Republican campaign donor. Salame has recently come under
scrutiny due to the $24 million in campaign contributions he made
during last yearâ€™s primaries. These contributions were part of an
aggregate $90 million worth of donations made to political campaigns
by former FTX employees. The crux of the scrutiny is that authorities
and court filings are claiming most of these funds were
misappropriated from FTX exchange users. The search indicates the
ongoing investigation into FTX's collapse, as federal prosecutors
prepare for the trial of Sam Bankman-Fried, the cryptocurrency
exchange's founder, who faces charges of fraud and illegal campaign
finance schemes. 

SUI PERFORMANCE UPDATE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.sui.io/sui-performance-update/?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

As it gears up for mainnet launch on May 3, Sui has achieved a peak
throughput between 10,871 to 297,000 transactions per second with 100
globally distributed validators as it has been running tests on the
network. The time to finality is around 480 milliseconds. Sui uses
Programmable Transaction Blocks (PTB), allowing complex, composable
sequences of transactions with atomic execution. PTB supports up to
1024 transactions, enabling unbounded expressivity and efficiency. Sui
plans to refine scalability and benchmark tooling, horizontal
scalability for intra-validator scaling, and resilience to individual
validator under-performance in the future. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT PROTO-DANKSHARDING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1651222915822632961.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread gives an overview of Proto-Danksharding, which will come
with EIP-4844 and aims to decrease Ethereum rollup fees by ~20x. 

GOOGLE CLOUD TO SUPPORT POLYGON TO HELP GROW ECOSYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/228629/google-cloud-polygon?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Google Cloud and Polygon Labs have partnered to simplify deployment
and management of Polygon nodes using Google Cloud's Blockchain Node
Engine, aiming to increase Polygon ecosystem adoption. 

WINTERMUTE HACKER TURNS $160M HEIST INTO TOP LIQUIDITY POSITION ON
CURVE FINANCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/wintermute-hacker-leads-curve-finance-liquidity-pool/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A hacker who stole $160 million from trading firm Wintermute has
become the largest liquidity provider in Curve Finance's 3pool, with
28% of the pool's funds. 

ONE PERSON. 114 SCAMS. (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/zachxbt/status/1651238822963826694?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A single individual has perpetrated 114 meme coin scams over the past
month and a half, consistently sending stolen funds to the same
deposit address. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=8767a4ac-e595-11ed-9af6-3571e52d0537&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682683230&t=1682683687&s=67e8ba3a81dc4785a7773b97e5b809c754e2957ee70b9c6728e09e37a2b5a9b9].


Â 