# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-11-2023

Jump Trading has amicably parted ways with its crypto project,
Wormhole  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-11-20

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 FIDELITY FILES FOR SPOT ETHEREUM ETF, SAYS APPROVAL WOULD BE 'MAJOR
WIN' FOR US INVESTORS (1 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Fidelity has filed its own application for a spot Ethereum ETF. The
move, which the firm says aims to offer safeguards to US investors
dealing in the crypto space, comes in the wake of a court ruling
criticizing the SEC's inconsistency regarding crypto ETFs. The SEC has
so far permitted futures-based products but has rejected spot crypto
ETFs. 

 JUMP TRADING, WORMHOLE PART WAYS AMID TOUGH CRYPTO MARKET (1 MINUTE
READ) [6] 

 Jump Trading has amicably parted ways with its crypto project,
Wormhole. Several key figures from the project will operate Wormhole
independently. This move is in line with Jump Trading's continuing
withdrawal from the digital asset space. The exact reason for the
separation or the number of employees who left due to it is not yet
known. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 ZKP2P: THE FIRST TRUSTLESS FIAT-TO-CRYPTO ONRAMP POWERED BY
ZERO-KNOWLEDGE PROOFS (2 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 ZKP2P, the first trustless fiat-to-crypto onramp powered by
zero-knowledge proofs, has been launched in alpha. The platform will
offer swift, affordable, and permissionless conversions from USD to
USDC, with a limit of $250 every six hours. Built on a decentralized
front end, it allows any smart contract to take liquidity. Users can
opt-in for its proving service but it's not required. Future plans
include expanding to more payment services and gasless onboarding. 

 FHE-ROLLUPS: SCALING CONFIDENTIAL SMART CONTRACTS ON ETHEREUM AND
BEYOND (25 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Fhenix’s newly released whitepaper details a more scalable solution
for executing confidential smart contracts known as Fully Homomorphic
Encryption (FHE) Rollups. This system, which enhances the efficiency
of confidential smart contracts, doesn't require all nodes in a
network to execute FHE computations to reach a consensus over the
encrypted state, unlike current methods. Fhenix's design adopts an
optimistic rollup approach, avoiding the computational penalty caused
by current verifiable FHE techniques. This development could enable
the most commonly used smart contract ecosystems to be augmented with
confidential smart contracts. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 WEN ETF? (3 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 The anticipation of a Bitcoin ETF has been driving the mini-bull
market over the past few months. An ETF could bring billions into the
crypto ecosystem, akin to Gold ETFs which made gold access and storage
easy for US customers. The market has been highly sensitive to
questions around the timing and likelihood of these approvals going
through. This guide breaks down the different relevant dates for each
of the current Spot Bitcoin ETF applications under review at the
moment. 

 BLUR RESEARCH REPORT (4 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 NFT trading volume has spiked in recent weeks, with most of the
activity happening on Blur, likely in anticipation of its upcoming
season of airdrops. Research firm Revelo Intel provides an update on
Blur and a thesis for its token in this thread. Blur's approach,
focusing on professional NFT traders' needs, has led to improved
overall NFT market efficiency and liquidity. The next step for Blur in
improving token utility might be governance voting with discussions
about using platform profits for token buybacks and burns. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW PARALLEL COLONY IS BRINGING AI GAMING ON-CHAIN (4 MINUTE READ)
[11] 

 Parallel Colony is pioneering a shift in gaming with a gaming
experiment powered by AI on-chain. Based on Stanford and Google
research, the game uses AI-powered avatars that evolve in a simulated
colony using Parallel's native token, PRIME. Notably, these avatars,
being NFTs, can function as wallets, accumulating and managing their
own game assets. The avatars, created by customizing a large language
model, have dynamic life histories affected by AI and human
interactions. 

 ARE WE HEADING INTO A SOLANA BULL MARKET? (10 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 The Solana ecosystem has shown real resilience through a brutal bear
market, with the price of its token, SOL, 6xing from the lows so far.
This comeback has been driven by a surge in developer and
institutional interest, despite previous setbacks from a close
association with FTX. Key indicators show Solana's resilience,
including a significant rise in TVL and an increase in users. However,
occasional network outages and potential security issues could be
potential roadblocks in its path to challenge Ethereum as the main L1
ecosystem. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 SOLANA AIRDROP ELIGIBILITY CHECKER (1 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 This tool can help you check and see if any of your wallets are
eligible for the upcoming Pyth and Jupiter airdrops on Solana. 

 CRYPTO, VENMO, NFTS, TOKENS: WHERE IS MONEY GOING? (15 MINUTE READ)
[14] 

 This article provides a good summary of Rachel O'Dwyer's book,
Tokens: The Future of Money in the Age of the Platform, which explores
the evolution of money, examining the shift from physical cash to
digital tokens and the social and economic implications of this
transformation. 

 DOLLAR ALTERNATIVES, DISTRIBUTION, AND MASS ADOPTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[15] 

 This post explains how dollar alternatives like USDT and USDC cater
to different demographics and markets. USDT tends to dominate in areas
with capital controls, while USDC aligns more with institutional
needs. 

 WORLDCOIN TOKEN'S VALUE DECLINED BY ALMOST 10% FOLLOWING THE NEWS OF
SAM ALTMAN'S DEPARTURE AS CEO OF OPENAI (2 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Sam Altman's departure as OpenAI CEO led to a 13% drop in Worldcoin's
token value due to uncertainty about his future role at Worldcoin. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [17] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [18]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=ffdabebc-877d-11ee-8d62-f309782f3a7d&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1700485506&amp;s=2f671ee756ecc3c6081a23fc6909a9220590344443fe7fff30a1b54cbe3cf976
[5] https://www.theblock.co/post/263626/fidelity-files-for-spot-ethereum-etf-says-approval-would-be-major-win-for-us-investors?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/11/17/jump-trading-wormhole-part-ways-amid-tough-crypto-market-bloomberg/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://twitter.com/zkp2p/status/1725514348431286722?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://www.fhenix.io/fhe-rollups-scaling-confidential-smart-contracts-on-ethereum-and-beyond-whitepaper/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://twitter.com/stacy_muur/status/1725860601489170733?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/ReveloIntel/status/1725195279916548386?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://twitter.com/BanklessHQ/status/1725876555971518483?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://cryptopragmatist.com/p/heading-solana-bull-market?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://x.com/ZheSolworks/status/1726367517126582401?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://spectrum.ieee.org/the-future-of-money?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/DoveyWan/status/1725183674868699391?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://techcrunch.com/2023/11/17/worldcoins-future-uncertain-sam-altman-fired-from-openai/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[18] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=ffdabebc-877d-11ee-8d62-f309782f3a7d&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1700485301&amp;t=1700485506&amp;s=d4e54d2106a308a2158dd25e52577132f669be5af2b9c2c119503858dac4d8fd