# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-07-2023

Crypto asset manager Grayscale has raised criticisms against the SEC
for approving a leveraged Bitcoin-based ETFÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=de86802c-1fa7-11ee-8ab2-190449c1fd7b&pt=campaign&t=1689077170&s=291df228bec0ff31ed4f57b4064dec72e5285a91eea962bdc10a8e96b6585e11]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Kraken]
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:nwl-endemic-primary-pl&utm_content=x_n/a_id:7/11]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-11

PRO-TRADING, SUPERCHARGED BY KRAKEN (SPONSOR)
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:nwl-endemic-primary-pl&utm_content=x_n/a_id:7/11]

Meet the all-new Kraken Pro. The powerful, customizable, beautiful way
to trade crypto. Itâ€™s packed with all the trading features you need
to trade your way. Like advanced order management and analytics tools
â€” all in a redesigned, fully-customizable trading interface. Itâ€™s
Kraken's most powerful, flexible trading platform, well, ever. So go
on, head to Kraken and trade like a pro
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:nwl-endemic-primary-pl&utm_content=x_n/a_id:7/11].Â 
Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are
unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can
lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains
tax.[Advertisement]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

REPUBLICANS ASK JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, SEC TO INVESTIGATE PROMETHEUM (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/238718/republican-lawmakers-ask-justice-department-sec-to-investigate-prometheum?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Republican lawmakers have called for the DOJ and the SEC to
investigate Prometheum, a crypto firm, concerning its relationship
with Chinese investors. Prometheum's co-CEO, Aaron Kaplan, had
testified before a House committee about the company's ability to
operate alongside securities laws. Suspicions arose following
discrepancies between Kaplan's testimony and Prometheum's SEC filings.
The lawmakers fear that Prometheum may have misrepresented its ties
with Chinese investors, primarily Shanghai Wanxiang Blockchain,
leading to an insinuation of potential securities fraud. 

GRAYSCALE ARGUES LEVERAGED BITCOIN FUTURES ETF APPROVAL SHOWS SPOT ETF
SHOULD BE APPROVED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/07/10/grayscales-lawyers-protest-secs-leveraged-bitcoin-etf-approval/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Crypto asset manager Grayscale has raised criticisms against the SEC
for approving a leveraged Bitcoin-based ETF, alleging that the product
is actually riskier than Grayscaleâ€™s Bitcoin futures products. This
comes amidst Grayscale's ongoing lawsuit against the SEC for rejecting
its spot Bitcoin ETF application. The company suggests the SEC is
discriminating against different companies, and is seeking legal
redress, with a judgment expected by year-end. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

THIRDWEB LAUNCHES ONE-COMMAND CONTRACT DEPLOYMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1678472225652092929.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Thirdweb has rolled out a new way to deploy contracts on EVM chains.
This new secure method eliminates hassling with private keys and
copy-pasting ABIs, simplifying the process into a single command.
Users can select from a range of pre-built smart contracts such as NFT
Drops, marketplaces, tokens, staking, and governance. Post-deployment,
developers can hop into a contract management dashboard and leverage
SDKs designed for the contracts they deployed to start building their
full-stack app. Over 300,000 contracts were launched with this feature
in June. 

APPLE MAY NOT LIKE IT, BUT â€˜ZAPPLE PAYâ€™ FINDS WORKAROUND FOR
BITCOIN TIPPING ON DAMUS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/07/10/apple-may-not-like-it-but-zapple-pay-finds-workaround-for-bitcoin-tipping-on-damus/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Bitcoin developers have launched Zapple Pay, a new service enabling
the exchange of Bitcoin through emojis in the Bitcoin-friendly app
Damus. The innovation comes after Apple threatened to remove Damus
from its App Store for allowing users to exchange Bitcoin, a practice
it equates to selling digital media. Damus' developer, William
Casarin, removed this functionality, leaving users with only the
ability to exchange profile-level tips. However, some independent
developers found this workaround, arguing that Apple will struggle to
interfere due to the third-party nature of their service. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DEVELOPER REPORT 2023 MID-YEAR UPDATE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.developerreport.com/blog/newsletter-20230706?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

According to Electric Capitalâ€™s Developer Report, the number of
active open source crypto developers has declined by 22% over the past
year, largely due to newcomers leaving the industry. However, the
number of developers working in crypto for over a year has remained
steady and has accounted for most of the spaceâ€™s activity,
contributing more than 80% of code commits. Despite the overall drop,
the number of active developers is higher than the pre-peak period in
2021. Ecosystems such as Osmosis, Sui, Aptos, TON, Optimism, and Aztec
Protocol have reported year-over-year growth. 

SAFE MODULAR SMART ACCOUNT ARCHITECTURE â€“ EXPLAINED (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://safe.mirror.xyz/t76RZPgEKdRmWNIbEzi75onWPeZrBrwbLRejuj-iPpQ?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Safe is propelling innovation in modular Smart Account infrastructure,
enabling developers to construct a variety of applications and
wallets. Its framework emphasizes four primary facets: Plugins, Hooks,
Function Handlers, and Signature Verifiers. The structure allows for
the creation of unique functionalities while maintaining secure
operations. The architecture focuses on Safe Account, Singleton
contracts, Factories, and Integration Interfaces, with considerations
around cost efficiency, upgradability, and augmented functionality.
Safe's structure incorporates core Ethereum principles like signature
thresholds to ensure security and extend its capacities to allow
developers to build robust smart wallets. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ETHEREUMâ€™S NEW DATA ECONOMY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/etherscan-blog/ethereums-new-data-economy-78511cad22c2?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Ethereumâ€™s next major upgrade, called "Dencun," will focus on
EIP-4844. The upgrade aims to reduce transaction costs on mainnet and
improve the way L2s encode data on mainnet, significantly affecting
the data economy of the platform. The data associated with the upgrade
will be temporary, persisting for only 30 days. This new approach has
implications for applications using on-chain data, especially NFTs,
and raises questions about future data storage and availability. 

ARKHAMâ€™S ON-CHAIN INTELLIGENCE PLATFORM LAUNCHING AMID CONTROVERSY
ABOUT THE COMPANY DOXXING ITS USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/arkham-on-chain-intelligence-platform?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Arkham Intelligence is launching a marketplace and token that allows
users to pay for on-chain sleuthing. The platform, Arkham Intel
Exchange, uses a bounty system where users post a bounty and whoever
fulfills it first gets paid in Arkhamâ€™s native coin, ARKM.
Alternatively, users can auction off their independent findings if
they are of interest to potential buyers. In addition to its token
launch, Arkham gained some attention yesterday as news came out that
they had been doxxing usersâ€™ email addresses in their referral
links. While the links looked harmless, they were actually the
usersâ€™ Base64 encoded email addresses, which tied their emails to
their Twitter accounts when they unwittingly shared them. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

A POSTMORTEM: MY EXPERIENCE AS A DEFI STARTUP CO-FOUNDER (13 MINUTE
READ)
[https://anicetnougaret.fr/blog/farswap-xp?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This thread lays out the experience of an individual who co-founded a
crypto startup, sharing the insights he gained on crypto,
entrepreneurship, and ethics. 

BITCOINâ€™S NEXT TARGET: A LUNA LEFTOVER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarvislabs.substack.com/p/bitcoins-next-target-a-luna-leftover?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In May 2022, the LUNA collapse led to significant BTC sell-offs and
overall market chaos, causing a notable CME (Chicago Mercantile
Exchange) gap of around $35,100. Today, BTC's potential to fill this
gap depends on ETF approvals and a declining U.S. Dollar Index. 

ORDINALS INSCRIPTIONS SURGE FOLLOWING BRC-69 LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/ordinals-inscriptions-surge-following-brc-69-launch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Following the launch of BRC-69, a token standard reducing fees and
introducing recursion, Ordinals are picking up in activity once again.


CRYPTO SCAMMERS RAMP UP GRIFTS BY IMPERSONATING REGULATORS AND LAW
ENFORCEMENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/regulation/crypto-scammers-are-impersonating-regulators-to-lure-victims/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Crypto scammers are increasingly impersonating regulators and law
enforcement officials to defraud victims. Despite intense government
scrutiny and efforts to curb such fraud, these impersonation scams
have still been effective and difficult to prosecute due to their
international and mutating nature. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=de86802c-1fa7-11ee-8ab2-190449c1fd7b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689076968&t=1689077170&s=8c2769c1a68e27ebc920e4d1a64c416ce1a96e8700a174c88143da6ab547b0e7].