# Articles TLDR Crypto 04-04-2023

Twitter added an image of a Shiba Inu, the logo of the Dogecoin
cryptocurrency, to its platform, causing Dogecoin to pump.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d479d41c-d2b3-11ed-b333-7dd6aa307872&pt=campaign&t=1680610039&s=f65f82abac0c6ee86225910c66d05c0f9d78c026c0757ee9e66ba94a2c6a4f0c]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-04-04

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

HONG KONGâ€™S CRYPTO AMBITIONS GET A BOOST FROM U.S. CRACKDOWN (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/j9TIY] 

Hong Kong has been ramping up its efforts to attract cryptocurrency
companies as the US intensifies its regulatory crackdown. Prior to
this, competition from Singapore and concerns about China's approach
to crypto had caused Hong Kong to lose some ground as a crypto hub.
The city is now trying to regain its status by offering a more
favorable regulatory environment. Hong Kong's Securities and Futures
Commission has proposed a new licensing framework focused on investor
protection. This effort has gained some traction as 20 crypto
companies have indicated plans to move to Hong Kong with 80 firms
interested in doing so. 

UNISWAP VOLUME BEATS COINBASE AND REGISTERS ITS BEST MONTH SINCE 2022
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/224490/uniswap-volume-coinbase-best-month?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap, the largest decentralized exchange, recorded its best month
since January 2022, with a spot market volume of $71.6 billion in
March, outperforming Coinbase for the second consecutive month. In the
same month, Coinbase saw a volume of $49.4 billion, up 23% from
February but still only 69% of Uniswapâ€™s volume. The surge in
Uniswap's volume has happened as regulatory scrutiny of centralized
crypto businesses in the US has markedly increased. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

DUNESQL OFFICIALLY LAUNCHED (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://dune.com/blog/introducing-dune-sql?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Dune has officially launched DuneSQL, aimed at creating the fastest
and most convenient crypto data querying experience. DuneSQL, based on
the open-source query engine Trino, will eventually replace Spark SQL
and Postgres. DuneSQL provides blockchain-specific enhancements, and
its roadmap includes materialized views, user-defined functions,
querying personal data sources, and more. To help users migrate to
DuneSQL, an automated tool has been created that will prompt users to
move queries from Dune Engine V2. 

INTERNET COMPUTER ISSUES â€˜LIQUID BITCOIN,â€™ FOR FASTER, CHEAPER BTC
TRANSACTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/04/03/internet-computer-issues-liquid-bitcoin-for-faster-and-affordable-btc-transactions/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Dfinity Foundation has introduced ckBTC, a liquid, cost-efficient
"twin" token backed 1:1 with BTC, bringing L2 capabilities to Bitcoin.
This integration enables faster and cheaper transactions without
compromising security. ckBTC allows for use on DeFi applications
without centralized bridging services, addressing security concerns.
Internet Computer sets low fees for Liquid Bitcoin transactions,
mitigating slow and expensive transaction times. ckBTC uses canisters
contrary to the way other wrapped tokens work, eliminating
intermediaries and cross-chain bridges that introduce security risks.
Building on Bitcoin has been having a moment as interest in Ordinals,
Stacks, and other Bitcoin applications has been heating up. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DISSECTING EVM USING GO-ETHEREUM ETH CLIENT IMPLEMENTATION (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/@deliriusz/dissecting-evm-using-go-ethereum-eth-client-implementation-part-i-transaction-execution-flow-960a1533e994?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The article discusses transaction execution in the Ethereum Virtual
Machine using the go-ethereum client implementation in Go language. It
highlights some important Go language concepts, such as object
orientation, modules, error handling, metadata, generics, and
"finally" keyword. The author provides an overview of the transaction
execution process, starting from a user sending a signed transaction
to a state change in the EVM. The article also covers state
management, transaction processing, and fee calculations. 

RUNNING A NODE TO QUALIFY FOR A POTENTIAL SUI AIRDROP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1642874709808418816.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The tweet thread explains a strategy to receive a potential SUI
airdrop by running a node for free. It covers setting up a VPS server,
installing SUI node software, and connecting to the server, as well as
troubleshooting common errors. The user provides a referral link to
sign up for a 60-day free trial with DigitalOcean, which requires
adding a card for payments after the trial ends. The thread then
outlines the step-by-step process to set up the server, install the
necessary software, and ultimately run the node. This is, of course,
not official advice, but is just a potential strategy based on other
airdrops like Aptos. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ATOMS, INSTITUTIONS, BLOCKCHAINS (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://stark.mirror.xyz/n2UpRqwdf7yjuiPKVICPpGoUNeDhlWxGqjulrlpyYi0?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses the concept of "hardness" in relation to
information, with a focus on blockchains. Hardness is the capacity of
a system to make something very likely to be true in the future. The
author examines three sources of hardness: atoms, institutions, and
blockchains. Atoms refer to physical properties of the universe;
institutions are groups of people who act predictably, such as legal
systems or corporations; and blockchains are decentralized digital
networks. The article suggests that these sources of hardness can be
combined to create a resilient infrastructure for humanity. 

TWITTERâ€™S NEW DOG ICON IS SENDING DOGECOIN â€” SIGH â€” TO THE MOON
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/03/twitters-new-dog-icon-is-sending-dogecoin-sigh-to-the-moon/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Twitter added an image of a Shiba Inu, the logo of the Dogecoin
cryptocurrency, to its platform, causing Dogecoin to pump. This update
coincides with Twitter owner Elon Musk's court case involving
Dogecoin, where his lawyers defend the cryptocurrency as legitimate
with a nearly $10 billion market cap. Following the logo's appearance,
Dogecoin increased sharply, almost 30%. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

HOW A USER DRAINED FIVE MEV BOTS FOR $20M (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1642848556590723075.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A user exploited a bug in mev-boost-relay to drain five MEV bots by
creating an invalid signed block. Subsequently, a patch was put in
place that prevents transactions from being returned if the block
isn't successfully sent to the network. 

BINANCE'S BNB, BITCOIN TUMBLE AFTER CRYPTO TWITTER PERSONALITY COBIE'S
WILD GUESS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/04/03/unverified-rumor-of-interpol-red-notice-for-binance-ceo-changpeng-zhao-sends-bnb-bitcoin-lower/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A tweet containing an encrypted message suggesting Binance CEO
Changpeng "CZ" Zhao faced an Interpol Red Notice led to a drop in
Binance's BNB token yesterday. The message was reportedly
unintentional and based on a rumor, and Binance officials dismissed
its authenticity. 

MPC VS. AA: THE FACTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.usecapsule.com/mpc-vs-aa-the-facts/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The article explores the Multi-Party Computation vs. Account
Abstraction debate in crypto, emphasizing their differing features and
the likelihood of them eventually working together as complementary
technologies. 

WAVES FOUNDERâ€™S ROLE IN LOST $530M RAISES QUESTIONS ABOUT WHOâ€™S TO
BLAME (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/waves-vires-finance-sasha-ivanov-role-in-crypto-530m/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Over $530m was lost on the Waves blockchain network, and new
information raises questions about founder Aleksandr Ivanov's role in
the loss. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d479d41c-d2b3-11ed-b333-7dd6aa307872&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1680609619&t=1680610039&s=bd97fcc0a11bc7f716af574f282e17023522c21ac2b5805266a6e3ed4a936dac].


Â 