# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-04-2024

Harvest Fund and Southern Fund, two large Chinese asset managers, have
applied to launch Bitcoin ETFs in Hong Kong  

 Sign Up [1] |View Online [2] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-04-09

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 BASE TVL HITS $4 BILLION AS TRANSACTIONS PER SECOND SURPASS ETHEREUM
(2 MINUTE READ) [3] 

 Coinbase’s L2 continues to grow in popularity, becoming the
third-largest Ethereum L2 by total value locked. It recorded an
all-time high of over 36 transactions per second, with over 3 million
transactions each day this weekend. Memecoins have been very popular
on the L2, causing DEX daily volumes to surpass $1 billion last week. 

 CHINESE FUNDS APPLY FOR HK SPOT BITCOIN ETF (1 MINUTE READ) [4] 

 Harvest Fund and Southern Fund, two large Chinese asset managers,
have applied to launch Bitcoin ETFs in Hong Kong. Bitcoin Magazine
alleges that the institutional interest from Chinese players, despite
domestic regulatory resistance to crypto, may mark a shift in
Bitcoin's acceptance and usage in Asia. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 KARAK ENDGAME: RESTAKING FOR EVERYONE (3 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Karak takes the concept of EigenLayer and re-staking ETH but extends
it to numerous other assets like stablecoins. New apps and protocols
can leverage this security to create distributed secure services
(DSS), similar to the actively validated service (AVS) on EigenLayer.
Karak's team is also developing K2, a risk management L2 that will use
DSS for security and act as the testing environment for DSS’ before
launching on L1. Karak Private Access, which allows users to stake
assets and earn points from several protocols, is live. 

 TRADABLE: OMNICHAIN SHARED LIQUIDITY AND DISTRIBUTED COMPUTE (3
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Tradable, a new platform for omnichain shared liquidity and
distributed computing, has launched on 22 chains, aiming to address
the fragmentation and limitations in current crypto applications. The
platform introduces a Shared Liquidity Vault (SLV) and Omnichain IDs,
allowing users to access liquidity across different apps and chains. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 PENDLEFI DEEP DIVE (3 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Pendle Finance allows users to manage yield through tokenization,
which can then be traded or held for fixed returns. Its platform
integrates with other DeFi protocols, providing various yield
strategies. It includes governance features for token holders to
influence protocol incentives and earn from transaction fees. 

 REAL WORLD ASSET DEEP DIVE (9 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Stablecoins and other tokenized real-world assets (RWAs) have
traditionally been used for arbitrage and as a volatility hedge. They
are now increasingly being used for crypto-agnostic applications such
as international remittances and inflation protection. With
stablecoins settlement reaching $10T onchain annually, the utility of
these digital assets extends to practical, everyday financial
solutions. Other RWAs remain in the crypto-native phase, but as more
options come on-chain, users will have access to less volatile
investment options in assets like treasuries, stocks, and real estate.


🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 SOLANA IMPLEMENTATION ISSUE (2 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 The current issues with Solana are due to implementation bugs on its
networking protocol, not fundamental design flaws, meaning the
problems are more straightforward to fix. The team just has to swap
out the faulty components. If a BMW has a steering problem, it doesn't
imply that all cars are defective. Solana's choice of a buggy QUIC
protocol implementation can be replaced without altering Solana's
underlying architecture. 

 INCENTIVIZING L2 DECENTRALIZATION (3 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 There is a lack of incentives for Layer 2s to continue decentralizing
their operations. Centralization is great for product development and
operations, allowing faster execution, more control over security, and
quicker response to exploits in the form of chain freezes. Greater
incentives are needed for L2s to upgrade to Stage 1 and 2
decentralization. Social pressure may not be sufficient to cause this
transition. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 NFTS TO EXCEL AS DIGITAL COLLECTIBLES (1 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 NFTs are more likely to excel as digital collectibles rather than
disrupting the traditional art market as their value hinges on the
wider career of digitally native artists rather than any single
collection. 

 AIRDROP APRIL CONTINUES AS SOLANA NFT PLATFORM TENSOR LAUNCHES TOKEN
(1 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Leading NFT exchange Tensor airdropped 12.5% of the total supply of
TNSR tokens, worth $250 million, linearly distributed to early users
based on their exchange volume. 

 SUSHI TEAM UNDER FIRE FOR PROPOSED TREASURY TAKEOVER (5 MINUTE READ)
[13] 

 The SushiSwap core Operations Team's proposal to centralize the
project's treasury under a new Sushi Labs team has sparked community
backlash and allegations of a "hostile takeover." 

 DEFI’S MOST NOTORIOUS BOT MAKES RECORD 2024 PROFIT TARGETING ENA
TRADERS (2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Trading bot jaredfromsubway exploited the frenzy around the newly
launched ENA token from Ethena by making almost $300,000 in a day
through sandwich attacks. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [15]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Esham Macauley, Lincoln Murr & Nish Samarasinghe 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please unsubscribe [16]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[2] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=135f9faa-f652-11ee-a6d5-93085bcd4d99&pt=campaign&t=1712664244&s=1bcdffa3d6b000fc8011353fb6820dc52ee6b71c2de762add96f97abb9772b26
[3] https://unchainedcrypto.com/base-tvl-hits-4-billion-as-transactions-per-second-surpass-ethereum/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[4] https://bitcoinmagazine.com/business/chinas-largest-funds-spot-bitcoin-etf-hong-kong?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[5] https://twitter.com/Karak_Network/status/1777370872627831019?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://twitter.com/jointradable/status/1775962380494631267?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://twitter.com/0xboka/status/1777231038047248727?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/QwQiao/status/1777353810958049653?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://x.com/0xmert_/status/1777400489488900102?s=46&t=SgwrEkON_lHHQdShPyqumQ&utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/eawosikaa/status/1777077297427689649?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://twitter.com/rudyadler/status/1777331360186675277?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://thedefiant.io/airdrop-april-continues-as-solana-nft-platform-tensor-launches-token?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://thedefiant.io/news/defi/sushi-team-under-fire-for-proposed-treasury-takeover?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/mev-bot-jaredfromsubway-attacks-ethena-traders-on-ethereum/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[16] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=135f9faa-f652-11ee-a6d5-93085bcd4d99&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1712664020&t=1712664244&s=bafde6c8191d1d962120e3a68a94156adff993e47f2088dd8eba1e3cb6e6137c