# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-08-2023

After losing its case against Ripple Labs, the SEC is now requesting
an uncommon interlocutory appeal¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e5eb6e30-375e-11ee-be35-fbb931448f43&pt=campaign&t=1691669085&s=c5be7bcef6d602c43afc71aaa64b27038a02f79c85a25743d25dcd6c71073102]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Kraken]
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:brand-pro_pro_us_nwl_tldr_oth_endemic_cpm_db_multi_pss_primary-placement&utm_content=x_n/a_id:brand-pro_pro_us_static_new-st-dis_x_x|cryptotrader|r88_multi_x_x_x_primary-sponsor-aug10_tldr]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-10

EXPERIENCE ADVANCED CRYPTO TRADING WITH KRAKEN PRO (SPONSOR)
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:brand-pro_pro_us_nwl_tldr_oth_endemic_cpm_db_multi_pss_primary-placement&utm_content=x_n/a_id:brand-pro_pro_us_static_new-st-dis_x_x|cryptotrader|r88_multi_x_x_x_primary-sponsor-aug10_tldr]


Kraken Pro
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:brand-pro_pro_us_nwl_tldr_oth_endemic_cpm_db_multi_pss_primary-placement&utm_content=x_n/a_id:brand-pro_pro_us_static_new-st-dis_x_x|cryptotrader|r88_multi_x_x_x_primary-sponsor-aug10_tldr]
is the one-stop destination for advanced crypto traders. Access
multiple products in one powerful interface (web or mobile app).
What makes Kraken the best?

üë®‚Äçüíª¬†A highly customizable, all-in-one trading interface
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:brand-pro_pro_us_nwl_tldr_oth_endemic_cpm_db_multi_pss_primary-placement&utm_content=x_n/a_id:brand-pro_pro_us_static_new-st-dis_x_x|cryptotrader|r88_multi_x_x_x_primary-sponsor-aug10_tldr]
that caters to traders of all levels. See real time performance, find
opportunities, and trade with confidence.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Deep liquidity ‚Äî spreads as tight as 1 pip.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†World class security ‚Äî Kraken‚Äôs team sets security
standards for the industry.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Dedicated support ‚Äî 24/7/365 live chat, call, or email.

‚ö°Ô∏è¬†Creating a free account takes minutes. Start here.
[https://pro.kraken.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=2023_q3_pro_us_brand-pro_rch_brn_id:brand-pro_pro_us_nwl_tldr_oth_endemic_cpm_db_multi_pss_primary-placement&utm_content=x_n/a_id:brand-pro_pro_us_static_new-st-dis_x_x|cryptotrader|r88_multi_x_x_x_primary-sponsor-aug10_tldr]

_Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are
unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can
lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains
tax._[Advertisement]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC FILES RIPPLE APPEAL IN CHALLENGE TO XRP SECURITIES OUTCOME (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/sec-files-ripple-appeal?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

After losing its case against Ripple Labs, the SEC is now requesting
an uncommon interlocutory appeal. The appeal is primarily focused on
the previous ruling that deemed Ripple's XRP token's programmatic
sales were not securities. The SEC argues that an interlocutory review
would prevent potential lengthy processes in the ongoing case. Ripple
Labs is set to respond to the SEC's request next week. 

UK'S CENTRAL BANK FORGES AHEAD WITH PLANS FOR A SYSTEMIC STABLECOIN
REGIME (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/08/uks-central-bank-forges-ahead-with-plans-for-a-systemic-stablecoin-regime/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Bank of England is moving forward with plans to regulate systemic
stablecoins, cryptocurrencies tied to other assets' values. The rules
aim to ensure customers do not lose funds in these stablecoins and
that companies that leverage them are able to ensure continuity. The
Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 has endowed the BoE with the
powers to establish this regulatory regime. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FANTOM IS EXPLORING ADDING OPTIMISTIC ROLLUPS TO CONNECT TO ETHEREUM
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/243220/fantom-optimistic-rollups-ethereum?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Fantom is exploring transitioning to an optimistic rollup on top of
Ethereum, similar to a recent move by the Celo Network. With both the
OP and Arbitrum Stacks as candidates, this move could improve security
and give access to more liquidity from the Ethereum ecosystem. While
most people would view Fantom as a traditional L2, Fantom‚Äôs
co-founder Andre Cronje sees it as a sidechain bridging mechanism.
Despite its potential, Cronje warns the increased security could be
compromised if other bridges connect to the linked blockchains. 

MESO LAUNCHING FOR EARLY ADOPTERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/meso_network/status/1689373352442683392?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Meso, an on- and off-ramp protocol, is opening for early access and
seeking user input before its official launch. The platform offers an
innovative approach to transferring funds seamlessly between banks and
wallets. It promises efficient and low-cost transfers between banking
institutions and wallets without forfeiting self-custody. Meso aims to
ensure user safety with features like two-factor authentication, and
has clear plans for future growth with notable partners such as Solana
Ventures, Ribbit Capital, and Phantom. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BREAKING DOWN PAYPAL‚ÄôS STABLECOIN STRATEGY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TaikiMaeda2/status/1688929690076016641?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

PayPal announced earlier this week it is making a strategic entry into
the stablecoin space with PYUSD, presumably aiming to capitalize on
the profitability Tether has experienced with this business model.
With existing distribution to hundreds of millions of users, it seems
that PayPal will attempt to onboard users to its native stablecoin and
then monetize the same way Tether does: through interest bearing
assets. This is likely just the start of traditional Web 2.0 and
traditional finance companies getting into the stablecoin game, given
how attractive the business model is. 

THE ULTIMATE CRYPTO SURVIVAL GUIDE: HOW TO STEP UP YOUR WALLET
SECURITY (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/francescoweb3/status/1688521206193176576?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This thread explains how to navigate the tricky terrain of crypto
security and offers a guide to enhancing wallet security measures. It
unpacks the myriad of ways users can unwittingly compromise their
crypto wallets, from interacting with scammers on Telegram to
accessing malicious websites. Strategies for safeguarding assets
include investing in a hardware wallet, switching to safer platforms
like Rabby, regularly revoking all contracts, using different wallets
for different functions, and being vigilant about which contracts you
sign. The thread also cautions on the limitations of hardware wallets,
and suggests layered protection. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY SAM ALTMAN WANTS TO SCAN TWO BILLION EYES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://english.elpais.com/science-tech/2023-08-05/why-sam-altman-wants-to-scan-two-billion-eyes.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Sam Altman's Worldcoin created quite the initial buzz but has been
subject to a great deal of criticism since launch. Users reported
abuse through incentives and even coercion. Critics call it "digital
colonialism," citing the misuse of biometric data and potential
exploitation. Governments, like Kenya, banned the service over these
privacy and security concerns. Meanwhile, Altman argues World ID will
be crucial in a future where AI surpasses human capabilities and
claims it could somehow help support UBI. 

Y00TS MIGRATING FROM POLYGON TO ETHEREUM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/y00tsNFT/status/1689404417072889867?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

DeGods project, y00ts, is planning to migrate from Polygon to
Ethereum. It will return 100% of a prior grant they received from
Polygon, which will then be utilized for NFT ecosystem development to
support creators and builders. Despite the shift, Frank, the y00ts
founder, says the project still has a positive relationship with
Polygon. The migration date is to be disclosed soon. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COINBASE'S BASE MAINNET OFFICIALLY OPENS TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/243899/base-mainnet-onchain-summer?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase‚Äôs Base officially launched to the general public yesterday.
The chain has generated a lot of buzz over the past couple weeks and
even has over 100 dApps already building on it. 

UNIBOT ENHANCES SECURITY, MAKING PRIVATE KEYS REMOTE FROM TELEGRAM (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/TeamUnibot/status/1689278849656233984?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Until now, wallets created through Unibot revealed users‚Äô private
keys for newly generated wallets directly in Telegram. A new update,
dubbed Unibot Cloud, stores users‚Äô private keys on Unibot‚Äôs cloud
server. While this is still not ideal, it‚Äôs much better than the
private keys just sitting in Telegram. 

WASABI AGGREGATING NFT LIQUIDITY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Tyler_Did_It/status/1689354453495709696?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Wasabi Protocol has introduced Liquidity Aggregation, enabling Buy Now
Pay Later functionality for NFTs. Liquidity Aggregation aggregates
loans from NFTfi and Zharta and even listings from major marketplaces,
offering flexible repayments and the potential for arbitrage. 

TETHER VS. BINANCE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/VirtualBacon0x/status/1688291837595758592?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Issues between Tether and Binance, such as USD banking issues, Tether
redemption problems, Binance's alternative coins, the potential
depegging of USDT, and exchanges reconsidering USDT pairs, have been
raising concerns. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e5eb6e30-375e-11ee-be35-fbb931448f43&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691668879&t=1691669085&s=4ddb73e1d20f5b1533932a4fdbfaf755a7555287027fd6689bbcf7b9a130d352].