# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-10-2023

Fundraising activity for crypto companies in Q3 2023 hit levels unseen
since Q4 2020Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0f506e5e-6425-11ee-97b8-93013ff3f34f&pt=campaign&t=1696593976&s=60dad3779cc88917765687adb4e2b51116ddb6fa4de7bccda28fa691eb9f1350]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-06

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BANKS WOULD HAVE TO DISCLOSE CRYPTO HOLDINGS UNDER NEW BIS PLAN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/05/embargo-banks-must-disclose-crypto-holdings-as-regulators-rake-over-signature-collapse/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Financial authorities are considering new regulations that would
require banks to disclose crypto holdings. This comes from the Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, which determines norms for
traditional finance lenders. Its proposal follows a turbulent year in
cryptocurrency markets, including the fall of crypto exchange FTX and
startup-focused banks Signature and SVB. 

STATE OF CRYPTO FUNDRAISING - Q3 2023 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://messari.io/report/state-of-crypto-fundraising-q3-2023?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Fundraising activity for crypto companies in Q3 2023 hit levels unseen
since Q4 2020, with total quarterly funding clocking in at just under
$2.1 billion across 297 deals. Funding trends showed a pivot to
early-stage projects, indicating investors' strategy to back projects
with high upside potential in the bear market. The prevalence of
strategic investments suggests that harsh conditions have forced
projects to seek short-term funding or look to be acquired. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ZKUNISWAP: A FIRST-OF-ITS-KIND ZKAMM (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://ethresear.ch/t/zkuniswap-a-first-of-its-kind-zkamm/16839?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

zkUniswap is a novel proof-of-concept demonstrating a version of
UniswapV3 with an off-chain computation of a swap. Execution involves
using a zero-knowledge proof-based system to validate transactions,
potentially reducing on-chain computation costs. zkUniswap minimizes
'front running' by utilizing a pool locking system to prevent state
changes during swap transactions. Despite the still-high computation
cost, parallelization of swaps and alternative implementations of
request methods could make zkAMMs increasingly efficient. 

FIRMS LAUNCH EL SALVADORâ€™S FIRST BITCOIN MINING POOL TAPPING
GEOTHERMAL ENERGY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/254976/volcano-energy-luxor-launch-lava-pool-el-salvadors-first-bitcoin-mining-pool?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Volcano Energy and Luxor Technology have initiated El Salvador's first
Bitcoin mining pool, dubbed Lava Pool, that leverages the country's
geothermal energy resources. Volcano Energy will mine bitcoin
exclusively via this pool and contribute 23% of its net income to the
El Salvador government as part of a public partnership initiative.
This move seeks to integrate Bitcoin into El Salvador's energy
infrastructure and boost economic growth. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A LIST OF OPEN PROBLEMS IN CRYPTO - II (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://crypto.mirror.xyz/hl284jc3A2MI_QeTE39nRsTPihOigNuLKIWjiU2pFzw?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog post discusses an array of open problems in crypto from
verticals like DeFi to ZK and even AI. Topics range from DeFi issues
like automated risk scoring and managing risk for lenders to Mechanism
Design issues like Restaking Equilibria, privacy-information tradeoff
for DEXs, and Mechanism Design for a ZK World. Other topics discussed
include issues in MEV, Zero Knowledge crossovers, pitching a ZK
benchmark, issues around wallet security and user experience, gas
derivatives, state rent issues, decentralized sequencers, Oracle
systems, and reputation systems. Innovation in these areas is vital
for the evolution and growth of the space. 

MAKERDAO RESEARCH REPORT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jake_pahor/status/1709584246254506174?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This research report explains how MakerDAO, through its protocol,
facilitates crypto-backed loans, generating significant revenue
regardless of market state. Despite a recent dip in TVL, it remains a
top DeFi protocol, with its $MKR token crucial for governance and
system recapitalization, aligning holder interests towards prudent
ecosystem management. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

URBIT: BEYOND BLOCKCHAINS, A NEW PARADIGM FOR THE INTERNET (23 MINUTE
READ) [https://portal.vc/urbit_primer?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Urbit has created a completely new internet model from scratch. It
consists of an operating system, an identity system, and a consensus
network that delivers a peer-to-peer, sovereign implementation. While
it is not a blockchain network (but rather a decentralized computing
network), it can be a great complement to blockchains, extending their
capabilities. This post provides a deep dive into how it works and why
itâ€™s a compelling model. 

ENSHRINEMENT: THE TOPIC DU JOUR IN BOTH ETHEREUM AND COSMOS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/MikeIppolito_/status/1709908635441086838?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Enshrinement is becoming a prominent theme within Ethereum and Cosmos
as these ecosystems contemplate incorporating important features
directly into their respective protocols. Issues like centralization
risks and user experience enhancement are driving this change.
However, trade-offs, including unpredictable user behavior and
potential disincentivization for builders, pose challenges. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ARE DEVELOPERS LEAVING CRYPTO? HEREâ€™S WHATâ€™S GOING ON (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/200328/are-developers-leaving-crypto-heres-whats-going-on?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Active open source crypto developers have nearly halved since January
2022, reaching a low since 2020, per data from Andreessen Horowitz and
Electric Capital, but this may not be an accurate depiction of real
activity in the space. 

FRIEND.TECH SIM-SWAP SCOURGE CONTINUES AS SCAMMER NETS $385K IN ETHER
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/friend-tech-sim-swap-attacks-continue-four-targeted?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A scammer stole $385,000 in Ether within 24 hours via SIM-swap hacks
targeting Friend.tech users, highlighting security vulnerabilities and
prompting calls for enhanced safety measures. 

PROPOSED GOALS FOR LIDO DAO TO CONSIDER (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://research.lido.fi/t/hasus-goose-submission-proposed-goals-for-lido-dao-to-consider/5590?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Hasu made a proposal for Lidoâ€™s governance DAO to lay out short and
long-term goals and considerations for decentralization that should be
incorporated into those goals. 

ALAMEDA HAD A $65B LINE OF CREDIT AND â€˜UNLIMITED WITHDRAWALSâ€™ (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/05/sbf-trial-gary-wang/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

FTX co-founder Gary Wang revealed that Alameda had access to a $65B
credit line, which allowed it to easily misuse FTX customer funds. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0f506e5e-6425-11ee-97b8-93013ff3f34f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696593624&t=1696593976&s=5d384fa29def12a434157e845278fa0a0a75b9d8a102925ff93205b7422a9b59].