# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-10-2023

Bitfinexs parent iFinex Inc. is considering a $150 million share
buybackÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=fa568bb6-6805-11ee-a6ec-19c0dc6d0e33&pt=campaign&t=1697026353&s=a906c8e0266d24e51e934534907b1684047da6eb32bcd90a27a184dcb6f62ca1]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-11

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BITFINEX CRYPTO EXCHANGE OWNER MAKES $150 MILLION SHARE BUYBACK OFFER
TO HACK VICTIMS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bitfinex-crypto-exchange-owner-makes-192601156.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bitfinex's parent iFinex Inc. is considering a $150 million share
buyback that would allow it to exert more control amid increasing
regulatory oversight. iFinexâ€™s owners also own Tether, the largest
stablecoin issuer. The purchase would be done through an all-cash
injection from a subsidiary and open to those who bought iFinex shares
via a 2016 investment platform swap deal. 

BLOCKFI BANKRUPTCY JUDGE SAYS HE WANTS 3ACâ€™S $284M CLAIM RESOLVED IN
MEDIATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/10/blockfi-bankruptcy-judge-says-he-wants-3acs-284m-claim-resolved-in-mediation/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A US bankruptcy judge is pushing BlockFi and 3AC into mediation over a
$284 million dispute. If not resolved, a hearing is set for February
to determine repayments to 3AC during its liquidation. The main
contention is the date 3AC became insolvent and how this relates to
payments made to BlockFi, with lawyers indicating up to $270 million
was paid out in a potentially preferential manner. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

LAUNCHING THE SUPERBRIDGE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xfb18aAc9D6ABbDD00fd59dD15d03a49428A3fe22/0bTuZrux9NuN9JS5UN6EGnwbgzsp8QgLYVtM6kzrlWo?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Superbridge, a gateway into various rollup ecosystems, has
officially launched. It allows users to bridge Ether and other tokens
from base layer networks to rollups. New updates include a redesigned
home screen for easier rollup discovery and a Conduit x Superbridge
integration for smoother operation. The team behind Superbridge also
developed a feature called 'Easy Mode', which simplifies the
withdrawal process from rollups, handling gas costs of subsequent
transactions on behalf of users. 

MORPHO BLUE AND ITS TEAMâ€™S VISION FOR DEFI LENDING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://morpho.mirror.xyz/hfVXz323zp9CmJ1PLDL4UhdLITGQ865VIJUyvZYyMA4?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Morpho, a top lending platform on Ethereum, has launched a new lending
protocol called Morpho Blue. Aimed at enabling efficient, trustless
lending and borrowing, Morpho Blue offers higher collateralization
factors, improved interest rates, and reduced gas costs. Diverging
from current DeFi lending approaches, it separates risk management
from its core protocol and allows users to create markets without
requiring permission. Morpho Blue aims to redesign decentralized
lending to overcome existing limitations and enhance flexibility. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DISCUSSIONS FROM THE 2023 MULTICOIN SUMMIT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://multicoin.capital/2023/10/06/discussions-from-the-2023-multicoin-summit/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Multicoin Summit took place in Austin, featuring various crypto
industry leaders. It consisted of numerous presentations, focusing on
key issues including the modular versus integrated debate, value
capture in DeFi, and the potential in DePIN. Talks also highlighted
the evolving crypto regulatory environment, with input from Coinbase's
Chief Legal Officer and Blockchain Association's CEO. This post
provides summaries of each talk and links to the full presentations as
well. 

ANALYZING THE BASE <> OPTIMISM DEAL (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jaypeg.me/p/base-optimism-deal?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Base and Optimism agreed on a deal that gives Base 118 million OP
tokens over the next six years. This post analyzes the deal and the
dynamics of it for both Base and Optimism. In exchange, Base will give
Optimism a percentage of its sequencer revenue. The move mirrors
Didi's purchase of Uber in 2016 and could be a clever solution to
regulatory concerns about issuing tokens. It also acts as a
significant OTC purchase of OP tokens, providing off-exchange
liquidity to Optimism amid upcoming unlocks and vesting periods. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ETHEREUM AND SOLANA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.placeholder.vc/blog/2023/10/10/ethereum-and-solana?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post draws a parallel between Ethereum and Solana and iOS and
Android. Ethereum and its vast network of L2s and L3s is compared to
Android, giving users and developers lots of optionality. However,
this diverse set of networks creates a challenging environment for
developers due to differences in operating systems and user experience
fragmentation. Solana, on the other hand, attributes its fast and
cost-effective nature to its unified network, offering a more
consistent user experience and making it equivalent to Appleâ€™s iOS
in this analogy. The article underscores that both systems offer
unique advantages depending on users' needs. 

PLAY-BY-PLAY ON SBF TRIAL (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/innercitypress/status/1711738371041607990?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The courtroom spectacle continues in the lawsuit involving Sam
Bankman-Fried. This thread provides a summary of the discussions the
witnesses are having on the stand with the attorneys in the case. The
highlight of the thread is Caroline Ellisonâ€™s testimony, in which
she revealed details about her involvement in the alleged fraud, her
relationship with SBF, and the dynamics of working as Alamedaâ€™s CEO.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

UNISWAP V4 HOOKS: OPEN SOURCE DIRECTORY FOR UNISWAP V4 HOOKS (1 MINUTE
READ) [https://uniswaphooks.com/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This directory provides a community-curated collection of all the
various implementations of Uniswap v4 hooks that have been created so
far. 

3AC FIRE SALE: SPENCER VENTURES TO BUY 144 PUDGY PENGUINS FOR â€˜MID
SIX FIGURES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/pudgy-penguins-acquisition-nfts-spencer-ventures?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Spencer Ventures is acquiring 144 Pudgy Penguin NFTs from 3AC via
Sotheby's. The deal includes rare and unminted pieces. The fund has no
plans of reselling anytime soon. 

GROCERY CHAIN TRADER JOEâ€™S SUES UNAFFILIATED CRYPTO PROJECT THATâ€™S
USING ITS NAME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/10/10/joe-sinks-as-retailer-trader-joes-sues-namesake-dex/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Trader Joe's is suing DEX Trader Joe for trademark infringement. The
supermarket alleges the crypto platform mimicked its brand. After
failed private resolutions, Trader Joe's is now demanding a jury
trial. 

BINANCE TIGHT-LIPPED ON PROJECTS FUNDED BY $1B CRYPTO RECOVERY FUND (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-1-billion-plan-to-save-crypto-questioned?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance's Industry Recovery Initiative, meant to aid the crypto
industry post-FTX collapse, has spent only 2.7% of its $1.1 billion
commitment - the few specific beneficiaries have remained undisclosed.


 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=fa568bb6-6805-11ee-a6ec-19c0dc6d0e33&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697025726&t=1697026353&s=da50f991996757ec0da6655a97d9b1f6f75e9d0e6807d8beb720caa19c3459ed].