# Articles TLDR Crypto 23-08-2023

Binance is being investigated by the DOJ over potential US sanctions
violations concerning Russia.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9f32d622-419f-11ee-95e3-5db78d55a4bf&pt=campaign&t=1692792274&s=64e92e625c3a6fbdbce71f381e73966c83aea0d249df718c2bfb3c9680e85032]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-23

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE, THE BIGGEST PLAYER IN CRYPTO, IS FACING LEGAL RISKS OVER
RUSSIA (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/rOt4c?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

Binance is being investigated by the DOJ over potential US sanctions
violations concerning Russia. Despite scaling back operations in
Russia following the Ukraine invasion and implementing Western
sanctions requirements, substantial ruble trading has continued on
Binance's platform. The exchange is suspected of helping clients
convert funds from sanctioned Russian banks into Binance balances and
enabling trades involving blacklisted banks. This is just another of
many accusations that US regulators have made and are investigating
Binance over. 

CRYPTO EXCHANGE EDX MARKETS TAPS ANCHORAGE AS CUSTODY PROVIDER (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/08/22/crypto-exchange-edx-market-taps-anchorage-as-custody-provider/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Crypto exchange platform EDX Markets is collaborating with federally
chartered crypto bank Anchorage Digital for its clearinghouse's
custody service, due to debut later this year. EDX, supported by
prominent investors including Fidelity and Citadel, does not handle
customers' assets directly, making a partnership like this necessary.
The exchange currently offers four cryptocurrencies with plans to
expand once regulatory clarity progresses in the US. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ELUSIV LAUNCHES PRIVATE SWAPS ON SOLANA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/elusiv-privacy/elusiv-launches-private-swaps-on-solana-a68b6a6db03c?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Elusiv has launched private token swaps on Solana, marking its first
steps into private DeFi. Unlike typical decentralized exchanges with
complete transparency, Elusiv allows users to swap assets anonymously.
The swaps use temporary keys to unlink a user's public key and
transaction, enhancing security and privacy. Privacy-focused protocols
have had trouble gaining traction and steering clear of legal issues,
so the fact that this is on an already widely used chain like Solana
could help bring privacy-focused users on board. 

RISC ZERO INTRODUCES â€˜TYPE 0â€™ ZKEVM TO MAKE ZERO-KNOWLEDGE TECH
MORE ACCESSIBLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/risc-zero-zkevm?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

Risc Zero will open-source its "Type 0" zkEVM, Zeth, to bring
zero-knowledge infrastructure to developers. Written in Rust, the
software not only mirrors the functionality of Ethereum, it can also
be adopted by other networks, thus broadening application
possibilities. It offers faster and more efficient transaction
verification and application simultaneously thanks to its ability to
divide computation tasks concurrently. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BREAKING DOWN FRIEND.TECHâ€™S STACK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/0xCygaar/status/1693705049359385060?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This thread looks into Friend.techâ€™s stack to understand it better
and to find any potential vulnerabilities. It points out that the app
has a lack of bot protection, which could potentially allow for DDoS
attacks and information sniping. The wallets on the platform are not
very secure. They are generated by Friend.tech and you can export the
keys if you would like to connect to your wallet outside of the app.
However, this means that Friend.tech has your private keys, making
them vulnerable to a platform hack. 

IS LIQUITY PROTOCOL V2 SOLVING THE STABLECOIN TRILEMMA THROUGH DELTA
NEUTRALITY? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/WinterSoldierxz/status/1693944303910076458?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This thread explains Liquityâ€™s upcoming reserve-backed stablecoin,
planned to be released in 2024. The stablecoinâ€™s release will be a
shift from an over-collateralized system to a reserve-backed approach.
One of the methods it will use includes a dynamic leverage
principal-protected positions setup where the reserves, based on
volatile assets like ETH, will be delta-neutral hedged. Through these
innovations, Liquity aims to tackle the stablecoin trilemma: the
simultaneous search for price stability, capital efficiency, and
decentralization. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A **POSITIVE** BLACK SWAN (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://panteracapital.com/blockchain-letter/a-positive-black-swan/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Panteraâ€™s August letter provides updates and discusses high-level
narratives that were in focus during the month. The letter rehashes
the Ripple ruling, explaining that it was actually a positive black
swan event that could lead to more regulatory clarity. It goes on to
look at specific topics such as web3 gaming and MEV. The upcoming
halving has been in focus lately, so the update provides context on
what the halving is and an analysis of what it could mean for the
market. 

HOW SOLANA IS ENFORCING ROYALTIES FOR NFTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/metaplex/status/1694025870594527433?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Solana's marketplaces are finding favor with NFT creators due to their
support of creator royalties. This can be attributed to the
implementation of programmable NFTs, a unique NFT standard enabling
various types of royalty enforcement created by Metaplex. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

BRAVE RELEASES SOLANA NFT TOKEN GATING FOR WEB3 CALLS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/brave/status/1694031091294687395?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


You can now gate access to calls to a specific NFT and assign
moderator rights based on NFT ownership on Braveâ€™s web3 Calls
feature. 

CRYPTO BOTNET ON X IS POWERED BY CHATGPT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/08/chatgpt-boosts-crypto-botnet-with-ai-generated-tweets/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Researchers found a botnet on X using ChatGPT to promote
cryptocurrency scams. The "Fox8" botnet is comprised of 1,140
accounts. 

BALANCER DISCLOSES CRITICAL VULNERABILITY WITH $33M AT RISK (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/balancer-discloses-critical-vulnerability-with-usd33m-at-risk?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Balancer's decentralized exchange revealed a vulnerability affecting
4% of its $836m TVL. No funds have been lost yet, but users were
advised to withdraw from the affected pools. 

SIGN IN WITH SOLANA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://phantom.app/learn/developers/sign-in-with-solana?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Phantom has introduced a new feature called Sign in with Solana, which
is essentially a one-click sign-on for crypto. Instead of having to
connect your wallet to the site and then sign a transaction to prove
that you are the address owner, the feature does it all in one click. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9f32d622-419f-11ee-95e3-5db78d55a4bf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692792060&t=1692792274&s=ab64c8e09dd380a6007682ff3823b86b9d0dc78356edde853c081caa855f7466].