# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-01-2024

The US government is reportedly planning to sell about $132 million in
Bitcoin associated with the infamous Silk Road seizures  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-01-26

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 US FILES NOTICE TO SELL $130M IN BITCOIN LINKED TO SILK ROAD AGENT (2
MINUTE READ) [5] 

 The US government is reportedly planning to sell about $132 million
in Bitcoin associated with the infamous Silk Road seizures. This
includes Bitcoins connected to Ryan Farace, convicted for money
laundering, and former Secret Service agent Shaun Bridges, who stole
Bitcoins during the Silk Road investigation. The Bitcoins will be sold
in lots of 2,800 BTC and 58 BTC. 

 BITCOIN ETF FLOWS SHOW NEGATIVE TREND FOR FIRST TIME SINCE LAUNCH (2
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Bitcoin ETFs have experienced a combined negative outflow for the
first time since launching on January 11. This was driven primarily by
large outflows from Grayscale's GBTC, which outpaced new investment in
funds like BlackRock's IBIT and Fidelity's FBTC. Despite noticeable
drops in inflows, both BlackRock and Fidelity still hold more than
40,000 bitcoins each and are nearing $2 billion in AUM. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 COLOSSEUM: SUPERCHARGING THE SOLANA ECOSYSTEM (5 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Colosseum, a new organization co-founded by Matty Taylor, Clay
Robbins, and Nate Levine, was launched to host Solana's hackathons,
provide accelerator programs for winning founders, and invest in
next-gen crypto businesses. The program is comprised of online
hackathons that encourage global innovation, a dedicated accelerator
program to nurture hackathon winners, and a venture fund that offers
$250,000 pre-seed investments to teams in the Accelerator program.
Participants present their projects during a Demo Day pitching
session. 

 WEN: A NEW NFT TOKEN STANDARD (8 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 A new crypto project called WEN is being rolled out by the Jupiter
team. It includes a new NFT standard, a token, and a launchpad
project. WEN was initially created as an art-driven poem acknowledging
an oft-repeated question in crypto - WEN token? The poem was then
turned into an NFT and a new lightweight NFT standard was also
introduced so that it could be fractionalized. The WEN token will
represent portions of ownership of the WEN NFT. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 CRYPTO STARTUP IDEAS (18 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This report discusses different crypto startup ideas for potential
founders. It highlights potential use cases in developing countries
for financial applications, like stablecoin payments and
crypto-focused neobanks. The report also explores other sectors ripe
for blockchain integration, including anonymous social network
creation, scientific crowdfunding, and combating 'deepfake' AI
technology. It touches on the development of Bitcoin L2 solutions and
improving Solana's infrastructure. 

 UNDERSTANDING THE BITCOIN L2 SCENE (3 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 The “building on bitcoin” narrative has been gaining momentum.
This thread attempts to break down the Bitcoin L2 landscape. Bitcoin
L2s can enable programmability while preserving some links to the
Bitcoin L1. Teams like Chainway, Botanix Labs, Bison Labs, Stacks, and
Bob are contributing to a thriving Bitcoin L2 ecosystem via security
innovations, bridging mechanisms, and Ethereum rollups aligned with
Bitcoin, offering opportunities for businesses and startups. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ONCHAIN NAMESPACES: AN EMERGING CRYPTO BUSINESS MODEL (3 MINUTE READ)
[11] 

 This author explains why he’s excited about the emergence of
namespaces as a service, which includes unique digital identifiers
like domain extensions, social media usernames, or phone numbers. The
model has been previously used by Ethereum Name Service with .eth
usernames. Subsequently, the emergence of a cross-chain
interoperability protocol has further encouraged the creation of new
namespaces, which has opened the door to new business models. Crypto
consumer apps could potentially create native namespaces, offering
lucrative opportunities and greater protocol flexibility. 

 BY ALL ACCOUNTS: ON POINTS, ATTESTATIONS, & TOKENS (12 MINUTE READ)
[12] 

 This article discusses the evolution of gamification and its impact
on business strategies, focusing on the implementation of point
systems on and off blockchain platforms. The author provides some
valuable insights into the future of decentralized, user-owned
networks by highlighting the differences between tokens and points and
exploring the unique benefits and challenges of on-chain points. They
present an in-depth explanation of how on-chain points can potentially
enhance user engagement and retention in a more flexible and adaptable
way than tokens. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 JP MORGAN ASSERTS $GBTC SELLING IS LARGELY OVER (2 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 The sell-off of GBTC after the Bitcoin ETF launches has been easing
and is most likely coming to a close. 

 ONCHAIN CRYPTO USERS GREW BY RECORD 62M IN 2023 (2 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 The entire crypto user base grew by 62 million in 2023. Ethereum,
Polygon, and Bitcoin led, with Solana gaining 5.6 million users,
despite challenges in measuring exact user counts. 

 WORLDCOIN TO LAUNCH NEW ORB TO MAKE ITS EYEBALL SCANNING DEVICE LOOK
‘MORE FRIENDLY’ (2 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Worldcoin's CEO announced a friendlier Apple-like redesign for its
Orb device amid expansion and controversy over the device's use in
developing economies. 

 SEPOLIA & HOLESKY DENCUN ANNOUNCEMENT (5 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Ethereum’s Dencun upgrade has been activated on the Goerli testnet.
Sepolia and Holesky will upgrade over the next two weeks. The Dencun
upgrade introduces data blobs to reduce fees. Mainnet scheduling is
dependent on test outcomes. 

WANT THE BEST OF TLDR? 🏆

Refer a friend to TLDR Crypto using the referral link below, and we
will send you the TLDR Hall of Fame, our 50 best stories of all time!

YOUR REFERRAL LINK - https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930 [17]

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://advertise.tldr.tech?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=22a907b0-bc2a-11ee-bb54-5724a819d7a2&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1706274226&amp;s=fd2acb62cc0f82d340bebd80c54dfa475cd84a12818807bb7f9888124e8e7ca9
[5] https://blockworks.co/news/us-sells-btc-silk-road?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2024/01/25/bitcoin-etf-flows-show-negative-trend-for-first-time-since-launch?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://blog.colosseum.org/introducing-colosseum/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://twitter.com/weremeow/status/1750539400076021972?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://alliance.xyz/ideas?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://twitter.com/MohamedFFouda/status/1750587246280085960?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://variant.fund/articles/onchain-namespace-as-a-service-ens/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://archetype.mirror.xyz/bbLSBkiAQY7gpSTzmvhlXgW93QSMx2goojhXrjOSWVg?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://x.com/joemccann/status/1750556932770029664?s=20&amp;utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://thedefiant.io/onchain-crypto-users-grew-by-record-62m-in-2023-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://techcrunch.com/2024/01/24/worldcoin-to-launch-new-orb-to-make-its-eyeball-scanning-device-look-more-friendly/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://blog.ethereum.org/2024/01/24/sepolia-holesky-dencun?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=22a907b0-bc2a-11ee-bb54-5724a819d7a2&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1706274019&amp;t=1706274226&amp;s=805071e75b3672abf63d6ff6bb6b8374e795df3953530a0e48129f9870b84970