# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-09-2023

Ryan Salame has pleaded guilty to unlawful political contributions and
running an unlicensed money-transmitting business.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=98e9ad18-4e29-11ee-8f8a-770116311fce&pt=campaign&t=1694174675&s=615ff9fe580b885b57c89d96e37a3803ce7cb7fa3124dcff7a9172b2c3780ffb]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-08

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FBI AGENTS DISCUSS DCG'S SILBERT WITH WINKLEVOSS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/249828/fbi-agents-discuss-dcgs-silbert-with-winklevoss-bloomberg?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Federal officials, including FBI, SEC, and NYC prosecutors, are
investigating potential fraud allegations against Barry Silbert, CEO
of Digital Currency Group and its subsidiary Genesis Global Capital,
following claims raised by Cameron Winklevoss, co-founder of the
crypto trading platform Gemini Trust. Despite Silbert's denial of any
wrongdoing, the investigation into the company's financials is moving
forward. 

CFTC COMMISSIONER PITCHES PILOT PROGRAM FOR U.S. CRYPTO REGULATION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/09/07/cftc-commissioner-pitches-pilot-program-for-us-crypto-regulation/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Caroline Pham, a member of the CFTC, has recommended a pilot program
for regulation in the cryptocurrency markets. With input from industry
experts and other members, Pham is suggesting a limited-time program
that includes registration, risk management, and product terms.
However, as the CFTC is led by Chairman Rostin Benham, a critic of the
crypto industry, there may be delays in Pham's proposed measures. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CENSORSHIP RESISTANCE WITH RESTAKING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Louissongyz/status/1699777071772577951?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Eigenlayer's newly introduced designs, MEV-Boost+ and MEV-Boost++, are
aimed at improving Ethereum's liveness and protection against
censorship. The contributions allow block proposers to auction off
part of a block while maintaining the capacity to include transactions
in the remaining segment. The innovations are an attempt to alleviate
network concerns triggered by builder centralization and lack of relay
neutrality. 

THE FIRST MULTISIG WALLET IS NOW LIVE ON STARKNET MAINNET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://braavos.app/multisig-wallet-on-starknet-multi-owner-account-by-braavos/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Braavos has introduced Multi-Owner Account, an advanced multi-sig
wallet on Starknet Mainnet. Beyond typical crypto multisig models, MOA
combines innovative security with easy integration into decentralized
applications. Key security features include decentralized three-factor
authentication, autonomous gas payment capabilities, and seamless
connectivity with dApps. The MOA will enable teams to manage Starknet
treasuries and contract upgrades securely and collaboratively. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ETERNAL PRIVACY PLAYGROUNDS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tonk.notion.site/Eternal-Privacy-Playgrounds-6cb0ebb4042b42888a15a112a7040cbe?utm_soruce=tldrcrypto]

This article discusses challenges and solutions regarding the
integration of hidden information in games using a fully on-chain game
backend. Emphasizing that zero-knowledge tech isn't the only answer,
it advocates for the utilization of diverse cryptographic techniques
for more engaging and balanced gameplay. The article also explains
that the merging of privacy techniques from DeFi into on-chain gaming
could unlock a new category of dApps. 

A SUMMARY OF VITALIKâ€™S PRIVACY PAPER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/hosseeb/status/1699472982291406966?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The new privacy paper that came out earlier this week by co-authors
Vitalik Buterin and Jacob Illum explores the use of Privacy Pools, a
feature allowing users to separate themselves from illicit funds. This
is comparable to Tornado Cash, with the added ability to prove that
your original deposit came from a whitelisted address. The authors
suggest that third-party whitelist providers could supply
non-sanctioned or low-risk addresses. However, there are concerns
about whether this would meet the Department of Justice's standards
for compliance. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FTX EXEC RYAN SALAME PLEADS GUILTY TO CRIMINAL CHARGES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/7/23862959/ftx-trial-ryan-salame-pleads-guilty-criminal-charges?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Former FTX Bahamas subsidiary leader, Ryan Salame, pleaded guilty to
unlawful political contributions and running an unlicensed
money-transmitting business. Agreeing to surrender over $1.5 billion
in assets, his plea intensifies pressure on Sam Bankman-Fried, who is
due for a fraud trial. Salame also faces separate investigations for
questionable contributions to his girlfriend's political campaign. 

I LIVED OFF CRYPTOCURRENCIES FOR ONE WEEK...WELL, TRIED TO (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0xE4dF449bDC1ec8f7688F68F7E839f1370617Ac73/ROB3I2hLeOdo6at4Uwncwi-fzFbLMVV_CsgSpTQeR24?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blogger kind of succeeded in paying for most expenses over a week
in Italy with cryptocurrencies. Despite initial challenges, the author
managed to cover costs for a co-working space, food, beverages, and
travel with Bitcoin, Monero, Zcash, and other forms of
cryptocurrencies through various applications and gift card services.
The author acknowledged the need for in-depth research and contingency
plans when relying solely on digital currency. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

FBI SAYS NORTH KOREA-LINKED LAZARUS GROUP WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR $41
MILLION THEFT ON STAKE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/249805/fbi-says-north-korea-linked-lazarus-group-was-responsible-for-41-million-theft-on-stake?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Earlier this week, Stake, a popular crypto casino and sportsbook, was
exploited for $41 million. According to the FBI, the infamous Lazarus
Group was responsible for this. 

TEXAS PAID BITCOIN MINER RIOT $31.7 MILLION TO SHUT DOWN DURING HEAT
WAVE IN AUGUST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/06/texas-paid-bitcoin-miner-riot-31point7-million-to-shut-down-in-august.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Riot Platforms earned $31.7 million in energy credits from Texas'
ERCOT by reducing power during a heatwave, offsetting losses from
declining Bitcoin revenues. 

EXPERTS LINK LASTPASS SECURITY BREACH TO A STRING OF CRYPTO HEISTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/7/23862658/lastpass-security-breach-crypto-heists-hackers?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The LastPass breach in 2022 has been linked to crypto thefts totaling
$35 million, and it is presumed that victims stored crypto "seed
phrases" in LastPass, giving the hackers access to their wallets once
LastPass was breached. 

CRYPTO EXCHANGE KRAKEN'S UK DERIVATIVES UNIT LOOKING TO EXPANDS ITS
SERVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/09/07/crypto-exchange-krakens-uk-derivatives-unit-looking-to-expands-its-service-bloomberg/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto Facilities, owned by Kraken, has been discussing launching
futures contracts denominated in fiat currency with the U.K.'s
Financial Conduct Authority. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=98e9ad18-4e29-11ee-8f8a-770116311fce&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694174437&t=1694174675&s=82a1d7a21d93923cea7bb20c48c1fa95912c237d1781605c3173bb0bc37775f3].