# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-03-2023

Congresss new Digital Assets Subcommittee has scheduled its first
hearing on March 9¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise]|View Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=aff28202-b809-11ed-b8ff-8fa5dd7d7e3c&pt=campaign&t=1677659159&s=e5f9e620a8fe83bcfe71cbbddf8a0597954b6979e6634b1e3e6ce9662a78f2a6]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Coinspect]
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-01

IS WEB3 SERIOUS ABOUT SECURITY? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301] 

Too much web3 code is insecure. Hackers know this, and will pounce on
any chance to steal cryptocurrency and wreak havoc. That‚Äôs why the
best web3 developers protect their source code and smart contracts
with 3rd-party security audits
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301].
If you‚Äôre looking for blockchain security experts to audit your
software through the eyes of an experienced hacker, you should get in
touch with Coinspect
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301].

Adrian Eidelman, CTO and Co-founder, RSK Labs: ‚ÄúCoinspect helps us
on a daily basis - training our developers to detect and avoid
introducing vulnerabilities in an early stage of our software
development lifecycle.‚Äù

Request a customized security audit today
[https://www.coinspect.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_campaign=20230301]

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

NEW CONGRESS BODY TO HOLD FIRST-EVER HEARING ON REGULATORY
‚ÄòATTACK‚Äô ON CRYPTO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/regulation/new-congress-body-to-hold-first-ever-hearing-on-regulatory-attack-on-crypto/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Congress's new Digital Assets Subcommittee has scheduled its first
hearing on March 9 titled "Coincidence or Coordinated? The
Administration‚Äôs Attack on the Digital Asset Ecosystem" to examine
recent crypto enforcement actions and banking lockouts by federal
regulators. The hearing will delve into the SEC's crackdown on crypto
companies, highlighting the shutdown of Kraken's staking offering and
stablecoin issuer Paxos' Binance stablecoin, the lawsuit against
Terra, and their usage of the Howey test to assert jurisdiction over
crypto markets. The joint statement from the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation in reference to Operation Chokepoint 2.0 will
also be discussed. 

ETHEREUM STEPS TOWARDS STAKING WITHDRAWALS WITH SUCCESSFUL TESTNET
UPGRADE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/ethereum-steps-towards-staking-withdrawals-with-successful-testnet-upgrade?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum developers successfully launched the Shanghai Capella upgrade
on Sepolia testnet at midnight ET, Tuesday. This deployment is a step
in Ethereum's roadmap to allow validators to withdraw ether when the
update is complete on mainnet. While Sepolia isn't open to
permissionless validators, the testnet was launched in October 2021
and was used to test the Merge upgrade successfully. The deployment
comes after developers ran the application on the Zhejiang testnet
earlier this month, following the Shanghai upgrade plans that have
been underway since 2020. The mainnet upgrade is on track for late
March when users will finally be able to un-stake and transfer their
assets. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

GAMING ENGINE UNITY TAPS METAMASK, IMMUTABLEX AND SOLANA FOR WEB3
DEVELOPER TOOLS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/02/28/gaming-engine-unity-taps-metamask-immutable-x-and-solana-for-web3-developer-tools/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Unity, a leading game developer platform, has released a
'Decentralization' category in its online storefront offering support
for 13 different blockchain-based software developer kits (SDKs), such
as Metamask, Solana, Dapper Labs, and ImmutableX. This is intended to
allow developers to build in blockchain technologies such as NFTs to
bolster gameplay experiences. Web3 game developers have been eagerly
anticipating this move, as platforms like Joyride and ChainSafe have
already optimized their products for Unity. 

PHOENIX, THE FIRST FULLY ON-CHAIN, NON-CUSTODIAL, ATOMICALLY
COMPOSABLE, AND CRANKLESS LIMIT ORDER BOOK DEX, ANNOUNCED ITS BETA
LAUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630695716048760832.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ellipsis Labs has announced the launch of Phoenix, a limit order book
DEX that is non-custodial, atomically composable, and crankless. The
Phoenix beta is live on Solana mainnet, and users can access Phoenix
liquidity through Jupiter Exchange. They've open-sourced the Phoenix
program and have a bug bounty initiative. Market makers have to be
whitelisted while Phoenix is still in beta and will be permissionless
when Phoenix exits. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE SIX PHASES TO PRODUCT-MARKET FIT IN WEB3 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.google.com/url?q=https://cointelegraph.com/innovation-circle/the-six-phases-to-product-market-fit-in-web3?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In a still nascent industry like Web3, there have been numerous
different approaches to finding Product-Market Fit (PMF). While
builders in Web3 can draw on learnings from Web 2.0, the
decentralization component of crypto creates unique challenges for
finding PMF. This article attempts to lay out the six phases of
finding PMF in Web3. Platforms and protocols can begin the journey
with the distribution of utility tokens via airdrops creating a
community-operated workforce. After that, they can aim for progressive
decentralization, utility establishment, utility momentum, Network
effect alpha, Network effect beta, and Economic Flywheel. Overall,
getting to any semblance of PMF in Web3 requires a deep understanding
of incentive alignment and is still a relatively new problem space. 

A DEVELOPER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO THE WEB3 SECURITY STACK FROM COINBASE
VENTURES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/a-developers-guide-to-the-web3-security-stack?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


While smart contract exploits garner the most media attention the
underlying infrastructure, smart contract code, protocol logic, and
ecosystems are all vulnerable to security threats. A range of security
technologies, processes, and policies can be used to detect and
respond to these emerging threats, including infrastructure primitives
like wallet and private key management, access management, consumer
security, and monitoring & observability as well as smart contract and
protocol logic solutions like security testing tools, formal
verification, audit services, and bug bounty platforms. Lastly,
protocol risk management, threat intelligence, and blockchain
forensics are necessary to help prevent, detect, and respond to
potential threats. Coinbase Ventures continues to invest in teams
building developer tools that automate security testing and audit
processes, monitoring platforms that enable proactive threat detection
and prevention, or tools that enhance identity management and access
control mechanisms. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

VISA'S CRYPTO STRATEGY REMAINS INTACT DESPITE CRYPTO WINTER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/02/28/visas-crypto-strategy-intact-despite-crypto-winter/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Yesterday, Reuters published an article claiming that Visa was
‚Äúslamming the breaks‚Äù on new crypto initiatives; however, Visa‚Äôs
head of crypto, Cuy Sheffield, strongly refuted that sentiment and
reiterated Visa‚Äôs focus on crypto and crypto-related innovation.
According to Sheffield, Visa is still forging new partnerships in the
crypto space and still holds the long-term belief that fiat-backed
digital currencies running on top of blockchain rails will be an
important piece of the overall payments ecosystem. Even as recently as
mid-February, it was announced that Visa had entered into a long-term
partnership with Wirex to facilitate more payment options for
consumers in the U.K. and Asia-Pacific. 

STABLECOINS AS STATECRAFT: HOW UNCLE SAM COULD REPLACE SATOSHI AS THE
KING OF DIGITAL CURRENCY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://fortune.com/crypto/2023/02/26/stablecoins-statecraft-uncle-sam-satoshi-digital-currency/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The SEC has recently begun taking a hardline approach to stablecoin
regulation, but this could end up coming back to bite the US as it
could impede legitimate innovation and, even worse for the US, global
dollar adoption. Stablecoins have already been adopted in
inflation-ravaged countries like Argentina, Zimbabwe and Turkey, and
they have the potential to cement US financial hegemony for a
generation. The US government embracing stablecoins could actually act
as a tool to project American economic power and promote dollarization
abroad. A well-regulated approach to stablecoins could enable US
dollar dominance to an extent the world has never seen before and
ultimately secure a dollar-centric digital economy. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STARBUCKS'S WEB3 ODYSSEY IS SEEING EARLY SIGNS OF SUCCESS, BOFA SAYS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/215750/starbuckss-web3-odyssey-is-seeing-early-signs-of-success-bofa-says?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Last year, Starbucks launched its Odyssey program, a Web3 spin on its
already successful Starbucks Rewards program. According to BofA, the
program is seeing early signs of success by allowing consumers to not
just earn rewards for purchases but to interact with the brand in
novel ways. 

FTX CO-FOUNDER NISHAD SINGH PLEADS GUILTY TO FRAUD AND CONSPIRACY
CHARGES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/ftx-co-founder-nishad-singh-pleads-guilty-to-fraud-and-conspiracy-charges-192939749.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FTX co-founder, Nishad Singh, has officially pleaded guilty to US
federal fraud and conspiracy charges. This plea comes on the same day
the SEC and CFTC filed civil complaints against him. 

ETHEREUM MOVED TO PROOF-OF-STAKE. WHY CAN‚ÄôT BITCOIN? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/eQ78m#selection-317.0-317.53?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


It seems like a given that Bitcoin must operate as a proof-of-work
chain, but is that actually the case? This article takes a look at
what technical, if any, and social limitations exist that keep Bitcoin
from moving to proof-of-stake like Ethereum did. 

INTERESTING PROJECTS FOR THE POLYGON NARRATIVE WITH POLYGON‚ÄôS ZKEVM
LAUNCHING SOON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1630661921858002946.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Polygon‚Äôs zkEVM is launching soon, so if you‚Äôre trying to learn
more about the ecosystem, this thread provides a good general
overview. It also dives into some of the top projects in the ecosystem
from DEXs to NFTs to GameFi. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/advertise?utm_source=tldr]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=aff28202-b809-11ed-b8ff-8fa5dd7d7e3c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1677658761&t=1677659159&s=c96b3000b0ed93f83c175d45c7a5147e50962429b4721c068f83b795b47c5349].


¬†