# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-10-2023

Former BlackRock executive Martin Bednall predicts the SEC will
approve all spot Bitcoin ETF applications simultaneouslyÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f5f2f2bc-6689-11ee-b5ea-519ddd899ee6&pt=campaign&t=1696853345&s=25e6b30af3278640a78d10a737762d29916a40a1c338d9cf3669b8f2170c8452]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-09

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEC LIKELY TO APPROVE ALL SPOT BITCOIN ETFS AT ONCE, SAYS FORMER
BLACKROCK EXECUTIVE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/254940/sec-spot-bitcoin-etf-blackrock?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Former BlackRock executive Martin Bednall predicts the SEC will
approve all spot Bitcoin ETF applications simultaneously, to avoid a
first-mover advantage. Steven Schoenfeld, CEO at VanEck-owned
MarketVector Indexes, predicts this approval could happen within 3 to
6 months, considerably sooner than his previous 9 to 12 months
estimate. 

CFTC WEIGHS ENFORCEMENT ACTION AGAINST FORMER VOYAGER DIGITAL CEO (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/cftc-enforcement-action-voyager-ceo?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Former Voyager Digital CEO, Stephen Ehrlich, could face enforcement by
the CFTC for breaching derivatives regulations. The potential action
follows an investigation that ended after Voyager's bankruptcy
declaration in July 2022 due to the crypto market crash. This is yet
another potential fight with regulators as Voyager has already drawn
the Federal Trade Commission's ire for misleading crypto marketing. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OSTIUM LABS BRINGING DEX PERPETUAL SWAPS TO OIL AND GOLD (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/255217/ostium-labs-raises-3-5-million-to-bring-dex-perpetual-swaps-to-oil-and-gold?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Crypto startup Ostium Labs came out of stealth and announced it is
aiming to combine traditional commodities trading with the world of
crypto by developing a protocol for digitized commodity perpetual
swaps. The protocol will offer traders a transparent and flexible
alternative to traditional derivatives platforms and will initially
support trading in commodities like oil and Bitcoin along with forex
pairs. The platform aims to improve accessibility and transparency in
tangible asset trading. 

BACKED LAUNCHES TOKENIZED BLACKROCK ETF ON BASE NETWORK (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/200389/backed-launches-tokenized-blackrock-etf-base-network?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Backed Finance has successfully launched a tokenized government bond
auction for a BlackRock ETF on L2 network Base. The protocol allows
companies to digitize assets like equities, commodities, art, or
collectibles without going through traditional finance rails or their
own legal processes. There has been increased interest in
non-USD-denominated short-term bonds with high interest rates and low
crypto prices. However, U.S. investors are currently blocked from
trading any of Backed's tokenized offerings. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

PROTOCOL AND STAKING POOL CHANGES THAT COULD IMPROVE DECENTRALIZATION
AND REDUCE CONSENSUS OVERHEAD (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.ethereum.org/@vbuterin/staking_2023_10?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Ethereum's two-tiered staking model, comprised of node operators and
delegators, is facing issues of centralization risk among node
operators and unnecessary consensus layer burden. To address this,
Vitalik Buterin is proposing the role of delegators could be expanded
through more competition between pools, improved voting tools, and
enshrined delegation. Alternatively, delegators could be given a
lighter role in consensus. These tweaks may reduce the number of
signatures the Ethereum consensus layer has to process, improving
decentralization and user participation in the staking process. 

OVERVIEW OF ON-CHAIN RWAS AND THE FORCES PROPELLING THEIR GROWTH (15
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.galaxy.com/insights/research/overview-of-on-chain-rwas/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


The fastest-growing category in DeFi in 2023 has been RWAs, reaching a
TVL of $2.5 billion. The growth has been driven by a surge in interest
rates and the crypto bear market, which has served to attract
crypto-natives to traditional yield-generating instruments such as
U.S. Treasuries. Since getting direct access to U.S. Treasuries is not
always easy, especially if you are moving those funds from your crypto
portfolio, demand for crypto-based U.S. Treasury investments has
skyrocketed, causing many firms to start offering these RWAs on-chain.


ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FTX JURY SUFFERED THROUGH A CODE REVIEW (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/6/23906899/ftx-alameda-sam-bankman-fried-trial-gary-wang-testimony?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


In a recent testimony, FTX co-founder Gary Wang suggested that more
significant control than previously known was held by Sam
Bankman-Fried. According to Wang, FTX gave special advantages to
Alameda Research, enabling negative balances and faster trading order
placement. These changes allegedly stemmed from instructions from
Bankman-Fried himself. However, it was Wang who oversaw their
implementation, ultimately leaving him vulnerable to criminal charges
as well. 

DOUBLE HAPPINESS: ANOTHER ARTHUR HAYES ESSAY (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptohayes.medium.com/double-happiness-18c6533c22ca?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


In this essay, Arthur Hayes lays out a thesis for a crypto bull market
fueled by fiat liquidity and AI commercialization enthusiasm, a
"Double Happiness" for investors. Hayes anticipates that fiat
liquidity will surge due to the major global central banks printing
significant amounts of money to bolster their respective nations' bond
markets, creating the most significant two-to-three-year fiat increase
in history. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

COINBASE ADOPTING 'INTERNATIONAL-FIRST MENTALITY', SAYS POLICY LEAD (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/200378/coinbase-adopting-international-first-mentality-says-policy-lead?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Coinbase has been intensely focused on international expansion amidst
challenging US regulations, securing multiple global licenses, and
launching international products. 

AVALANCHE SOCIAL APP STARS ARENA DRAINED OF $3M IN AVAX AFTER HACK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/10/07/avalanche-social-app-stars-arena-drained-of-3m-in-avax-after-hack/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Stars Arena on Avalanche network suffered a $3 million exploit due to
a smart contract vulnerability, despite prior warnings that it had not
gone through an official security audit. 

MAJOR LAYOFFS AT YUGA LABS, LEDGER, AND CHAINALYSIS LAST WEEK (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/layoffs-departure-chainalysis-ripple-galaxy-digital?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Yuga Labs, Ledger, and Chainalysis all announced they were laying off
workers last week due to tough market conditions. Additionally, Ripple
has shifted its hiring focus outside the US to mirror its shift in
strategy to focus on non-US customers. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f5f2f2bc-6689-11ee-b5ea-519ddd899ee6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696852934&t=1696853345&s=49e3ec6e92d662c6150569acd7ffc49e1445d44c169a84fd0eda5fc6626da83f].