# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-06-2023

The first leveraged crypto ETF in the US, Volatility Shares 2x Bitcoin
Strategy ETF, ticker BITX, is set to launch on Tuesday¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5b92aaa2-1402-11ee-bc22-99ac87e9a127&pt=campaign&t=1687781015&s=9228a3dbaf9ac1bf41f7711e9a325ba30aa821113517e83da56c53f6803ce61a]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-26

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

LEVERAGED BITCOIN FUTURES ETF TO START TRADING TUESDAY, SPONSOR SAYS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/06/23/leveraged-bitcoin-futures-etf-to-start-trading-tuesday-sponsor-says/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The first leveraged crypto ETF in the US, Volatility Shares' 2x
Bitcoin Strategy ETF, ticker BITX, is set to launch on Tuesday after
the SEC chose not to deny its application. This 2x ETF allows
investors to double up on their exposure to bitcoin. The ETF will
track the CME Bitcoin Futures Daily Roll Index. This development
follows numerous traditional investment firms, like BlackRock, filing
for bitcoin ETFs with the SEC over the past couple weeks. 

IMF SAYS BANNING CRYPTO ASSETS MAY NOT BE EFFECTIVE LONG-TERM (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/236199/imf-crypto-ban?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In an about-face from earlier this year, the IMF is now suggesting
that banning crypto assets might not be an effective long-term risk
management strategy for countries. Instead, the IMF recommends
focusing on addressing the factors driving crypto demand, enhancing
transparency, and recording crypto transactions in national
statistics. The institution believes that countries should mitigate
risks while leveraging the potential benefits of technological
innovation associated with crypto assets. This stance contrasts with
the IMF's previous position, which considered the possibility of
imposing outright bans on crypto. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

JPMORGAN STARTS EURO BLOCKCHAIN PAYMENTS FOR CORPORATES (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/3jr5h?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

JPMorgan Chase has introduced euro-denominated payments for corporate
clients using its JPM Coin, expanding its live blockchain application.
Launched in 2019, JPM Coin was initially used to move dollars. The
system allows wholesale payments clients to transfer dollars or euros
within their JPMorgan accounts globally or make payments to other bank
customers using the chain. JPM Coin enables always-available and fast
payments, making it easier for corporate treasurers to manage
liquidity than with traditional methods. 

CRYPTO DATA PROVIDERS LINK UP IN BID FOR BETTER DEX-CEX COVERAGE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/nansen-kaiko-better-dex-cex-coverage?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Crypto data providers Nansen and Kaiko have partnered to offer
institutions a comprehensive view of insights across centralized and
decentralized exchanges. By combining Nansen's comprehensive coverage
of on-chain data with Kaiko's evaluation of price volatility,
liquidity risks, and market movements, the collaboration aims to help
companies better navigate the fragmented nature of transactions in the
crypto space. Additionally, the partnership gives users programmatic
access to both on-chain and market data without requiring multiple
integrations like it would have before. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

VISA ON MONOLITHIC VS. MODULAR BLOCKCHAINS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://usa.visa.com/solutions/crypto/monolithic-vs-modular-blockchain.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Visa‚Äôs crypto team recently wrote a paper describing the differences
between monolithic and modular blockchain technologies. Monolithic
blockchains, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, focus on security and
decentralization but face scalability challenges. In contrast, modular
blockchains aim to optimize specific tasks for efficiency and
scalability. They break down the blockchain into interconnected
modules, offering flexibility and customization. The article compares
the two approaches across various factors, including scalability,
adaptability, security, and developer familiarity. The paper makes the
point that as the technology advances, the spectrum of modularity in
blockchain design will continue to expand, catering to specific use
cases and driving future innovation. 

DIVING INTO ZORA‚ÄôS FACTORY MINT CONTRACT (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/onnnnnnnion/status/1672231606436896768?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This thread provides an in-depth walkthrough of Zora's
ZoraNFTCreatorV1.sol contract, which is used when creating ERC721
Drops or Editions on Zora's website. The thread explains how the
contract interacts with other components, the functions it contains
and how they operate, and the differences between Drops and Editions.
It also provides a link to the GitHub repo containing the contract, so
you can use it to learn how to build a contract with similar
functionality. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SCALING CRYPTO APPS NOT INFRASTRUCTURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/breck.eth/7ofXcxEXzXNIF_QAmnw3_kgQ-DeagYkVIm6FwkDfheg?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog explains how crypto apps struggle to auto-scale like
traditional cloud-based apps due to the constraints of their
underlying networks, leading to higher usage costs. While some attempt
horizontal scaling across multiple chains or vertical scaling via
offchain logic, such methods have had limited success. The author
proposes that an alternative approach of customized, vertical scaling
might offer a promising solution. 

ALAMEDA SEEKS TO CLAW BACK $700 MILLION SBF PAID 'SUPER NETWORKERS' (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/236049/alameda-seeks-to-claw-back-700-million-sbf-paid-super-networkers?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Alameda, SBF‚Äôs infamous hedge fund and part of the FTX empire, is
attempting to reclaim $700 million it previously gave to "super
networkers" Michael Kives and Bryan Baum of K5 Global. A court filing
alleges that Bankman-Fried intended to expand his influence among
celebrities and political figures via Kives and Baum. FTX and
Bankman-Fried had been known for their extensive spending in sports,
arts, and politics. K5 Global denies any wrongdoing and calls the
lawsuit meritless, arguing that they believed Bankman-Fried was
legitimate when entering into their business relationship with him. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BLOCKCHAIN IN THE AGE OF LLMS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.propellerheads.xyz/blog/blockchain-and-llms?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article explains how LLMs like ChatGPT can enhance blockchain
interfaces, assisting user intent translation into transactions and
enabling AI-managed projects, potentially helping to foster mass
adoption. 

WINTERMUTE ACCUSED OF ENABLING ‚ÄòWASH TRADING‚Äô BY CELSIUS CREDITORS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinist.com/wintermute-accused-of-enabling-wash-trading/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Creditors of the bankrupt crypto lending platform, Celsius, have
accused crypto market maker Wintermute of colluding with Celsius
executives to manipulate the price of the platform's native
cryptocurrency CEL through illicit market practices. 

‚ÄòZK EMBODIES INTEGRITY, PRIVACY AND MAGIC‚Äô: MATTER LABS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/zk-embodies-integrity-privacy-magic?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Matter Labs, the team behind Ethereum L2 rollup zkSync, has published
a ‚ÄúZK Credo‚Äù document outlining its vision for the ‚ÄúInternet of
Value.‚Äù The principles emphasize trustlessness, security,
reliability, censorship-resistance, privacy, scalability,
accessibility, and sovereignty, with a focus on enabling user groups
to exit or fork from the network at minimal cost. 

NFL RIVALS SCORES 1M DOWNLOADS FOR NFT-BASED MOBILE GAME (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/06/22/nfl-rivals-scores-1m-downloads-for-nft-based-mobile-game/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Mythical Games' free-to-play game, NFL Rivals, has surpassed a million
downloads despite launching in a tough crypto environment during NFL's
off-season. CEO John Linden reports that about 10% of players have
interacted with the marketplace for trading cards. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=5b92aaa2-1402-11ee-bc22-99ac87e9a127&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687780825&t=1687781015&s=684cf1489310993e7385e4a6bdb16284fd46360d6fd9220b3f56e7418cd46aa9].