# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-03-2023

Renowned technologist and VC Balaji Srinivasan expects Bitcoin to
reach $1 million within the next 90 days.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=480abf98-c6ef-11ed-bd19-0f39de59981e&pt=campaign&t=1679314073&s=4f9e0a5634570e8f44ba66f860faa0f1efc71fe4fa91e98ba31b84aa51a963d3]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-20

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BALAJI SRINIVASAN SAYS HYPERINFLATION HAPPENING NOW — MAKES
MILLION-DOLLAR BETS ON BITCOIN PRICE EXCEEDING $1M IN 90 DAYS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://news.bitcoin.com/balaji-srinivasan-says-hyperinflation-happening-now-makes-million-dollar-bets-on-bitcoin-price-exceeding-1m-in-90-days/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Renowned technologist and VC Balaji Srinivasan, former CTO of
Coinbase, contends that hyperinflation is unfolding presently and took
to Twitter last week to claim that he expects Bitcoin to reach $1
million within the next 90 days. Taking the claim one step further,
Srinivasan has engaged in a million-dollar bet with James Medlock that
this will happen. The narrative around Bitcoin as a safe haven in the
midst of bank failures had already started taking hold last week prior
to the buzz around this bet as the cryptocurrency rose from below $20k
to $28k on Sunday. While it seems unlikely this wager is purely a
financial play for Balaji, it is no doubt bringing renewed attention
to Bitcoin as a potential safe haven asset. 

COINBASE IS SPEEDING UP PLANS TO EXPAND OUTSIDE THE US (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/123904/coinbase-expanding-outside-us?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Regulatory scrutiny in the US has increased dramatically in the crypto
space subsequent to the Celsius, Luna, and FTX debacles. This has
resulted in a number of enforcement actions against crypto companies
and individuals in the space. While some of this is required to cull
bad actors, regulations and frameworks around these decisions are
still hazy at best. This has left US-based crypto companies
questioning whether or not to stay in the US, while financial hubs
outside of the US are competing to become the main hub for web3.
Seemingly due to this uncertainty, Coinbase is accelerating its “Go
Broad, Go Deep” strategy that has a major emphasis on increasing
presence in regions outside of the US. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

MICROSOFT TESTING CRYPTO WALLET IN ITS WEB BROWSER EDGE: BLEEPING
COMPUTER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/221014/microsoft-testing-crypto-wallet-in-its-web-browser-edge-bleeping-computer?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Microsoft is reportedly developing a self-custody wallet for its Edge
web browser, even offering a swap feature in collaboration with
Consensys. The wallet, which is currently in a limited testing phase,
will allow users to control their funds directly, without the need for
extensions. It is said to support NFTs, crypto swaps, and integrations
with Coinbase and Moonpay. While Microsoft had not officially
confirmed the project at the time of this report, similar features are
already available in rival browsers Opera and Brave. 

UNIDEX SWAPSV3 IS HERE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/unidexexchange.eth/XSyVffhIbuhuGUYkY3struM-eyOvGpgwrObwdck-AoU?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


UniDex has launched SwapsV3, an upgraded swap aggregator with an
improved user interface, gasless order creation, and MEV-protected
orders. The new aggregator allows users to make instant and gasless
swaps, supports multiple cross-chain order fills, and only requires
approval for one address to access all aggregators. SwapsV3 is
compatible with most EVM chains and will support additional networks
in the future. Limit orders will be introduced after the launch of
PerpsV3, which aggregates perpetual positions across leverage
protocols. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

GUIDE TO QUALIFY FOR THE POTENTIAL LAYERZERO AIRDROP (5 MINUTE READ)
[/%E2%80%8B%E2%80%8Bhttps://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1637351342149627905.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This tweet thread provides a strategy guide for participating in a
potential $ZRO token airdrop from LayerZero Labs, an omnichain
interoperability protocol. The guide outlines five strategies:
bridging $USDC from BSC to APTOS using theaptosbridge.com; bridging
from APTOS to POLY using bridge.liquidswap.com; becoming a DAO voter
of Stargate Finance by staking $STG and voting on snapshot.org;
bridging Bitcoin from AVAX to other chains using
bitcoinbridge.network; and using the USDC testnet bridge at
usdcdemo.layerzero.network. The author emphasizes that the airdrop is
speculative and not confirmed yet. 

TOLYGPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1637521141236658176.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A developer used GPT-4 to read the entire Solana validator codebase
and create documentation, resulting in TolyGPT.com, an AI-powered
chatbot capable of answering technical questions about the Solana
validator codebase. The process involved traversing the codebase,
generating documentation, and storing the information for user
queries. GPT-4 wrote around 30% of the code for the project. This
tweet describes the process of building this tool, so developers could
build something similar for their own repos. This type of solution
could enable developers to pass knowledge to others more efficiently
and effectively. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

INTERNAL WAR BREAKS OUT AT DEFILLAMA AS 'ROGUE' EMPLOYEES REJECT TOKEN
PLAN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/221063/defillama-internal-war?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


An internal conflict has erupted at DefiLlama, a blockchain data
platform, as an employee named 0xngmi forked a version of the platform
and accused the founders of launching a token without consensus.
According to two DefiLlam contributors, the token launch was opposed
by most of the team, and several top code contributors have followed
0xngmi to the new platform. DefiLlama's parent company, Llama Corp.,
denies a hostile takeover attempt and hopes to resolve the situation
amicably. 

ROLLUPS AREN'T REAL (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://joncharbonneau.substack.com/p/rollups-arent-real?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The article discusses the challenges and opportunities in
decentralizing sequencers in rollups, a scaling solution for
blockchain networks. It provides an overview of the landscape for
forced transaction inclusion mechanisms, L2 sequencer
decentralization, shared sequencers, cross-chain atomicity, and
MEV-aware design. The author explains how smart contract rollups
(SCRs) and sovereign rollups (SRs) work, as well as paths towards
sequencer decentralization and associated hurdles. The article also
highlights other areas of exploration, including the interaction of
different layers, transaction fee mechanisms, L2 fee markets, ZK
prover markets, rollup business models, and upgradeability and
governance. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

PROJECTS TO WATCH AS ARB AIRDROP OCCURS THIS WEEK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1637399069453701121.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Last week, the long-awaited Arbitrum airdrop was announced and will
take place on March 23. This airdrop could result in a significant
liquidity injection with a subsequent trickle-down effect into smaller
projects in the ecosystem. This thread highlights a few projects to
keep an eye on. 

JUSTIN SUN’S $1.5 BILLION BID FOR CREDIT SUISSE FALLS SHORT (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1637480697093926914.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


On Sunday, Justin Sun made a $1.5 billion offer for the embattled
Credit Suisse over Twitter. His bid outdid UBS’s original official
$1 billion bid, but the bank came back and placed the winning $2
billion bid for Credit Suisse later. 

THE UGLY TRUTH ABOUT TOKENS: WHY MOST PROJECTS SHOULDN'T LAUNCH THEM
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.m6labs.co/p/ugly-truth-tokens-projects-shouldnt-launch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article argues that many crypto tokens are pointless and driven
by hype and greed, instead of offering real value. It highlights the
importance of focusing on genuine problems and solutions to build a
sustainable future for crypto. 

EFFECTIVE ALTRUIST LEADERS WERE REPEATEDLY WARNED ABOUT SAM
BANKMAN-FRIED YEARS BEFORE FTX COLLAPSED (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/e2Sq7#selection-983.12-983.111?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This report highlights how Effective Altruism leaders ignored warnings
about Sam Bankman-Fried's unethical behavior as CEO of Alameda
Research. Despite concerns, they accepted millions from his charitable
fund before FTX collapsed. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=480abf98-c6ef-11ed-bd19-0f39de59981e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679313619&t=1679314073&s=ad37519261a843081adece638b77b1593783195ba35e87c61f31fbddf8bb25db].


 