# Articles TLDR Crypto 30-01-2023

A CryptoPunk was exchanged for a complete set of tokens from an
unknown collection called The Memes on January 19.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9a3c20f8-a08f-11ed-a3fd-d3f6d13209a7&pt=campaign&t=1675083985&s=97f5bc7a23130dfd06fc016bad91c61bc6f58d949766a280da195d4dba610772]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-30

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

OBSCURE NFT COLLECTION BASED ON MEMES FETCHES $83M MARKET CAP (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/obscure-nft-collection-based-on-memes-fetches-25m-market-cap?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


A CryptoPunk, which usually goes for a minimum of $100,000, was
exchanged for a complete set of tokens from an unknown collection
called The Memes on January 19. The Memes collection has seen a
19-fold increase in value in the NFT market over the past three
months. Founded by Punk6529, the concept behind The Memes collection
is that memes, which are transmittable units of culture, can be owned
in the form of NFTs. It is uncertain if owning an NFT of The Memes
collection actually gives ownership of the culture unit. The Memes has
a unique token minting model, which involves continuously minting new
tokens, that has been successful in attracting investors. 

MOST CRIMINAL CRYPTOCURRENCY IS FUNNELED THROUGH JUST 5 EXCHANGES (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/01/most-criminal-cryptocurrency-is-funneled-through-just-five-exchanges/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Governments have intensified their crackdowns on crypto money
laundering and additional enforcement is expected. New evidence
suggests that blockchain tracing and crackdowns on illicit activities
have reduced the number of money laundering outlets, making it harder
for the crypto black market to cash out its proceeds. Nearly 68
percent of black market cash-outs are handled by just five
cryptocurrency exchanges. In 2022, over $6.3 billion of illicit funds
were tracked to just 542 cryptocurrency addresses, with four addresses
receiving $1.1 billion of those funds. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SOLANA UNVEILS APP STORE FOR SAGA PHONE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/solana-saga-app-store?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Solana Mobile has announced the launch of its native App store, which
will be available exclusively on its Saga phone. The Solana store will
be free and censorship-resistant. The Saga Phone will be powered by a
modified version of Android with Google's mobile suite pre-installed.
It will enable users to securely make peer-to-peer transactions using
Solana Pay with the added security of a seed vault that runs in
parallel with the Android-based operating system. The Saga will be
available in 33 countries for $1,000. 

AAVE PROTOCOL V3 IS NOW LIVE ON THE ETHEREUM MARKET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/aaveaave/status/1618903037761945601?s=12&t=sPPc-bClgrRvvN83Zxb3Dw?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Aave Protocol V3 has been launched on the Ethereum market. The update
unlocks new technical features and benefits, including High-Efficiency
Mode, Isolation Mode, and Gas Optimization. High-Efficiency Mode
enables users to increase their capital efficiency when supplying and
borrowing correlated assets. Isolation Mode allows for increased asset
listings while maintaining security. There are around 20-25% reduced
gas costs associated with all functions across the board. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

A PRIMER ON UNISWAP V3 MATH: AS EASY AS 1, 2, V3 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uniswap.org/blog/uniswap-v3-math-primer?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at the most common technical questions about
Uniswap. It explains Q Notation, how to calculate the current exchange
rate, and how tick and tick spacing relates to sqrtPrice. The article
is aimed at helping developers, analysts, and researchers build, draw
insights from, and study market activity on the Protocol. 

ILLEGITIMATE BITCOIN TRANSACTIONS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://read.pourteaux.xyz/p/illegitimate-bitcoin-transactions?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The debate over the purpose of bitcoin transactions has been ongoing
since its inception, with some arguing for its use as a financial tool
and others advocating for its use as a secure data store. Ordinals is
a new NFT protocol enabled by a design quirk of Taproot. This article
examines the early debate around what is considered a "valid" Bitcoin
transaction, the negotiated limits established with OP_RETURN, and how
Taproot allowed Ordinals to circumvent these restrictions. It aims to
provide an overview of this area of emerging controversy and put
diverging points of view into historical context. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHITE HOUSE CRYPTOCURRENCY ‘ROADMAP’ RECOMMENDS AGAINST PENSION
FUNDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/white-house-cryptocurrency-roadmap-recommends-against-pension-funds?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The White House has issued a statement outlining the Biden
administration's plan for managing the risks associated with
cryptocurrencies. Its recommendations include expanding regulators’
powers, strengthening disclosure requirements, strengthening penalties
for misconduct, and increasing funding for law enforcement. Executive
agencies will increase enforcement and issue new guidance. Government
agencies are creating public awareness programs to help consumers
understand the potential risks of investing in cryptocurrencies. 

ONECOIN FOUNDER RUJA IGNATOVA RESURFACES AFTER FIVE YEARS IN HIDING (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120180/cryptoqueen-ruja-ignatova-onecoin-found-alive-resurfaces-legal-filing?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Dr. Ruja Ignatova, the founder of OneCoin, has been connected to a
property in London. She is listed as a beneficial owner of Abbots
House Penthouse Limited, a Guernsey-based company that had purchased a
multi-million dollar penthouse in Kensington, London. Ignatova has
owned the penthouse through Abbots House Penthouse Limited since May
2016. She was reportedly forced to declare ownership of the company
due to new regulations in the UK. Ignatova is one of Europe's most
high-profile fugitives and is on the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted list. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

AZUKI TWITTER ACCOUNT HACKED, ATTACKER DRAINS OVER $750K IN 30 MINUTES
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/120144/azuki-twitter-account-hacked?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The malicious tweets from the compromised Azuki Twitter account were
deleted and the account was removed from Twitter search results within
an hour. 

TOKEN DESIGN: MENTAL MODELS, CAPABILITIES, AND EMERGING DESIGN SPACES
(32 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/token-design-mental-models-capabilities-and-emerging-design-spaces/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This talk provides an overview of token capabilities and technological
breakthroughs that have enabled new design spaces for protocol
developers. 

UNLOCKING PAYMENTS OVER CRYPTO RAILS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://multicoin.capital/2022/12/08/unlocking-payments-over-crypto-rails/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Cryptocurrency payments have not yet become widely accepted despite
the hype surrounding them since Bitcoin launched in 2008. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=9a3c20f8-a08f-11ed-a3fd-d3f6d13209a7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1675083639&t=1675083985&s=e93a69170d148b54a71b9e5882c4413495e19ad352596dfa19f55afcca58bd11].


 