# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-06-2023

HSBC Hong Kong is now permitting its customers to trade Bitcoin and
Ether ETFs on the Hong Kong stock exchangeÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6de17886-14c6-11ee-8187-9bf04e43c69b&pt=campaign&t=1687867452&s=fba8a10dfdeed2bb1302c684437fb9d332ff6895c722aec003fc7e8cdb6c4998]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-27

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

HSBC HONG KONG NOW LETS CUSTOMERS TRADE BITCOIN AND ETHER ETFS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/236325/hsbc-hong-kong-bitcoin-ether-crypto-etfs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

HSBC Hong Kong is now permitting its customers to trade Bitcoin and
Ether ETFs on the Hong Kong stock exchange. With three different ETFs
available, HSBC is the first platform to offer crypto exchange-traded
funds in Hong Kong. This is just another step forward for the region
in further opening up to crypto. Throughout the course of this year,
Hong Kong has been introducing new regulations for crypto companies
with an eye toward becoming a global crypto hub. Hong Kongâ€™s banking
regulator has even been pressuring major players to accept crypto
exchanges for clients. 

YIELD-HUNTING INVESTORS SEND STAKED ETHER BEYOND $43B TO ECLIPSE
EXCHANGES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/staking-boom-saps-ether-from-centralised-exchanges/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Staked ETH has surpassed ETH held on centralized exchanges for the
first time, totaling almost $44 billion. Following the Ethereum
network's Shapella upgrade in April, ETH held on exchanges began to
decrease, while ETH staking surged. This trend, coupled with the new
fee-burning mechanism that is core to ETH 2.0 is a fundamental shift
in sell-pressure on ETH. While we have yet to see the full effect of
this shift or where the balance between staked ETH and ETH on CEXs
will balance out, itâ€™s likely to create an interesting dynamic in
the next bull run. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

AZUKI UNVEILS NEW â€˜ELEMENTALSâ€™ COLLECTION, EXPANDING ITS NFT
ECOSYSTEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/06/26/azuki-unveils-new-elementals-collection-expanding-its-nft-ecosystem/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Azuki is releasing a new NFT collection, Azuki Elementals, featuring
20,000 NFTs based on the four Azuki elements: earth, fire, lightning,
and water. The Dutch Auction for the collection starts at 2 ETH and
will decrease by 0.1 ETH every five minutes. Some of the NFTs were
airdropped to existing Azuki holders during the recent Vegas event,
"Follow the Rabbit." With floor prices currently at 15.3 ETH and a
potential mint proceeds of $40 million, this is likely to be one of
the biggest NFT drops of the year. 

SOLANA WELCOMES INSTITUTIONAL MPC WALLET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/solana-welcomes-institutional-mpc-wallet?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Fordefi, an institutional multi-party computation wallet company, is
expanding to Solana and offering its wallet solution to applications
and protocols on the chain. Fordefi's MPC wallets provide advanced
security features and policy management tools tailored for
institutions, allowing multiple parties to access the same wallet
without revealing personal information. The platform uses transaction
simulations and policy engines to define the approval process for
institutions, accommodating the often-lengthy institutional approval
process. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ORDER BOOK PERP DEXS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1672715723603595264.html]

Nearly all current DEXs running perpetual contracts operate their
order books off-chain, creating greater potential for manipulation and
higher risk than frontrunning and sandwiching on AMMs. This thread
explains how, for DEXs to provide fair and transparent trading, order
books must operate fully on-chain, ensuring proper price-time priority
and eliminating opportunities for manipulation by order book
operators. On-chain order book execution will require fundamental
infrastructure innovation and has yet to be massively adopted. 

IMPLICATIONS OF EIP-4844 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://degensensei.substack.com/p/implications-of-eip-4844?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

EIP-4844, an Ethereum improvement proposal introducing
proto-danksharding, is expected to impact leading optimistic rollups
on Ethereum. EIP-4844 adds blobs, raw byte strings attached to
transactions, to store additional data alongside transactions
temporarily. This separation of storage and computation fees allows
for a more dynamic fee market, enabling a tenfold reduction in fees on
leading L2s like Arbitrum and Optimism. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHEN IT COMES TO CRYPTO, TURMOIL IN THE U.S. COULD BE A BOON FOR JAPAN
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2023/06/26/business/financial-markets/japan-crypto-us-turmoil/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Despite the continued regulatory crackdown on the crypto industry in
the US, some Japanese crypto sector players believe it presents an
opportunity for Japan to strengthen its presence and become a hub for
the sector. Japan already has an established legal framework,
providing protection to investors while enforcing strict regulations
on crypto exchange operators. With the country's forward-looking
approach to stablecoins and its promotion of web3 - decentralized web
services as they have coined it - Japan aims to create a healthy
industry ecosystem while attracting businesses from across the globe. 

THE BLOCK AND COINBASE EXAMINE WEB3 INVESTMENT AND PRODUCT INNOVATION
TRENDS ACROSS THE LARGEST U.S. COMPANIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/236387/the-block-and-coinbase-examine-web3-investment-and-product-innovation-trends-across-the-largest-u-s-companies?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

According to a joint study between The Block and Coinbase, over 52% of
Fortune 100 companies have made an attempt at crypto, blockchain, or
web3 initiatives since 2020. The tech, financial services, and retail
sectors have led the way in web3 adoption, with NFTs driving retail's
recent surge in initiatives. Crypto financial services and B2B
blockchain-related services are the most commonly invested categories,
making up over half of all crypto venture deals. Citi Ventures, Google
Ventures, Microsoft Ventures, and Goldman Sachs have been by far the
most active Fortune 100 companies in the crypto venture scene. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ERIC WALLâ€™S UNIQUE CONSULTING NFT IS RELINQUISHED AMIDST 300% TAX
BURDEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/236422/eric-walls-unique-consulting-nft-is-relinquished-amidst-300-tax-burden?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Eric Wallâ€™s Orb Land project tokenizes his time through a unique NFT
offering personal consulting. The holder surrendered it due to a
burdensome 300% annual Harberger tax. Orb Land aims to revise its
mechanism for smoother ownership transitions. 

BITCOIN MINER HUT 8 BORROWS $50M FROM COINBASE FOR 'TREASURY
MANAGEMENT STRATEGY' (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/146210/bitcoin-miner-hut-8-borrows-50m-from-coinbase-for-treasury-management-strategy?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Hut 8 Mining, a Canadian bitcoin mining firm, has received a $50
million credit facility from Coinbase Credit to support corporate
needs and its Bitcoin treasury management strategy. 

HOW MANY BITCOIN ARE FOR SALE? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://insights.glassnode.com/the-week-onchain-week-26-2023/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This Glassnode analysis of crypto exchange fund flows suggests strong
Bitcoin accumulation in Asia and weaker demand in the US in 2023 and
walks through some of the current supply and demand dynamics that have
been playing out lately. 

FTX BANKRUPTCY TEAM SAYS THE EXCHANGE OWED CUSTOMERS $8.7B (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/06/26/ftx-bankruptcy-team-says-the-exchange-owed-customers-87b/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The report on the failed FTX.com exchange reveals an $8.7 billion debt
to customers due to the commingling and misuse of deposits. So far, $7
billion in liquid assets have been recovered. Senior executives are
accused of hiding the issue since August 2022. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6de17886-14c6-11ee-8187-9bf04e43c69b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687867263&t=1687867452&s=3a9079a285226efa4949d60bb17d7762bf7f02ec27abd8362441b03edae52f53].