# Articles TLDR Crypto 12-06-2023

Robinhood is delisting Solana, Polygon, and Cardano after June 27Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e3621e50-08e4-11ee-871b-ed7d79390b3c&pt=campaign&t=1686572054&s=faab20b227aafb7d623afbc4fd3fc54f613527c5688f11305eecda08ee104c60]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-12

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

ROBINHOOD ENDS SUPPORT FOR SOLANA, POLYGON, CARDANO AMID SEC EXCHANGE
CRACKDOWN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/233961/robinhood-ends-support-for-solana-polygon-cardano-amid-sec-exchange-crackdown?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

As a result of the SEC's latest offensive against crypto exchanges,
Robinhood is delisting Solana, Polygon, and Cardano after June 27.
Users will be able to transfer these cryptocurrencies until the
deadline, but post-deadline, Robinhood will sell the coins, crediting
the corresponding USD value to users' accounts. The decision follows
Robinhood's review of SEC lawsuits against Binance and Coinbase.
Despite having its securities trading license, Robinhood officials
acknowledged that they are not sure if this would allow them to trade
the tokens the SEC is claiming are securities. 

BINANCE.US SUSPENDS USD DEPOSITS, WARNS OF FIAT WITHDRAWAL PAUSE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/binance-us-suspends-usd-deposits-warns-withdrawal-pause-incoming?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Binance.US is suspending USD deposits and is warning users of a pause
in USD withdrawals starting on June 13, due to pressure from the SEC.
Its banking situation has become more complicated after the SEC issued
an order to freeze Binance.USâ€™s assets. The crypto exchange is
planning to transition to a crypto-only platform. While trading,
staking, deposits, and crypto withdrawals will remain operational, the
firm plans to delist USD trading pairs, though Tether pairs will still
be supported. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CATALYST UNIT OF LIQUIDITY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1666839952972300288.html]

Catalyst Exchange's new whitepaper goes over an innovation called the
'Unit of Liquidity', which promises to further generalize Uniswap and
Balancer AMM equations and improve cross-chain DeFi applications.
Unlike existing protocols, Catalyst enables cross-chain swaps without
exposing users to an intermediate token or requiring a bridge. The
system executes swaps independently and uses price curves rather than
a constant function. It can mimic the Balancer invariant, facilitate
stable-coin swaps, enable cross-chain liquidity auctions, and more. 

INSCRIPTIONS 2.0 - RECURSIVE INSCRIPTIONS COMING TO ORDINALS (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1668075272132870145.html]

A PR for recursion, merged over the weekend, allows an Ordinals
inscription to request content from other inscriptions, effectively
exceeding the previous 4mb limit. This creates opportunities for
innovative applications such as loading parts of a larger game code,
or building image inscriptions from a base layer plus traits, all
on-chain. Even entire programs, like Bitcoin Core, can theoretically
be uploaded and run on Bitcoin. The development of this concept opens
the door for further creativity and functionality for Ordinals. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

THE THREE TRANSITIONS (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/06/09/three_transitions.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This article from Vitalik Buterin discusses three critical transitions
Ethereum must undergo to mature: L2 scaling, wallet security, and
privacy. The first relates to everyone moving to rollups, enabling
faster and cheaper transactions. The second involves the transition to
smart contract wallets for enhanced security. The third emphasizes
privacy-preserving fund transfers. In the post, Buterin discusses the
implications of these transitions on users, addresses, on-chain
payments, key recovery, infrastructure, and identity. 

ONCHAIN HYPERCULTURES: THE CONTEXT-FERMENTATION WINDOW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/lght.eth/pTG74wlS43LGBzP7ZYCBTGEcWJ9uZdC3lUa2JJUXtQA?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog discusses on-chain culture, represented by blockchains and
the internet, and how it may lead to a global cultural shift by
turning cultural diversity into a fruitful global society. It
transforms individual and collective creativity into tangible
milestones in the digital realm. For example, paying to mint, as
opposed to simply uploading to servers, enhances the value of shared
content. The decentralized nature of blockchains allows for endless
hyperculture creation, across fields like art, journalism, music, and
more. This potential, combined with collective resonance, could bring
about a major cultural evolution. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THEIR CRYPTO COMPANY COLLAPSED. THEY WENT TO BALI. (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/evNr9?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This controversial article explains how Kyle Davies and Su Zhu have
enjoyed leisurely lives traveling and sightseeing following the
collapse of their cryptocurrency hedge fund, 3AC. Their hedge fund's
failure led to substantial losses for other companies and individual
investors, but Davies and Zhu claim to have thrived since, spending
time in Bali, Thailand, and Malaysia, among other locations. Despite
ongoing investigations and outstanding balances to creditors to the
tune of $3.3 billion, they insist they've done nothing wrong. In fact,
they're even promoting their next venture, Open Exchange, a platform
for traders who lost money in last yearâ€™s crypto market crash to buy
and sell claims to the bankruptcy estates of defunct crypto firms.
Ironically, users will be able to trade claims against 3AC on this new
exchange headed up by Davies and Zhu. 

GENSLER ACCUSED OF BEING IN â€˜COMPLETE CONTEMPT OF CONGRESSâ€™ WITH
CRACKDOWN ON COINBASE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketwatch.com/story/opposition-to-genslers-crypto-crackdown-grows-after-coinbase-lawsuit-7e9f51dc?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The SEC's recent lawsuits against Binance and Coinbase have drawn
criticism from Congress and former regulators, who accuse SEC Chairman
Gary Gensler of undermining their efforts to develop a regulatory
framework for the crypto industry. Critics argue Gensler's views have
significantly shifted from when he taught blockchain at MIT. While
Gensler emphasizes that he is trying to reign in what he views as the
non-compliance of the crypto sector, others believe the SEC is wasting
resources on ambiguous cases. Some in the industry are hopeful that
these enforcement actions will prompt Congress to accelerate the
creation of crypto regulation, though skeptics caution about betting
on swift legislative action. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

POLYGON LABS RESPONDS TO SEC'S CLAIM MATIC IS A SECURITY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/234063/polygon-labs-sec-matic-security?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Polygon Labs has refuted the SEC's claim that MATIC is an unregistered
security, focusing its argument on the fact they didn't target the US.


A16Z EXPANDING TO THE UK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/announcement/expanding-uk-andreessen-horowitz/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

a16z announced it is opening its first non-US-based office in the UK.
The firm views the UKs policies towards crypto as much more friendly
than the USâ€™s regulatory environment and wants to have a strong
presence in the region. 

GENERATIVE ART: A QUINTESSENTIALLY MODERN ART FORM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sothebys.com/en/articles/generative-art-a-quintessentially-modern-art-form?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This piece from Sothebyâ€™s in connection with its Grails auction
explains how Generative art, created via autonomous systems and often
tokenized as NFTs, is gaining popularity and earning a legitimate
place amongst other modern art forms. 

CFTC WINS OOKI DAO CASE, SETTING PRECEDENT THAT DAOS CAN BE HELD
LIABLE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/234019/cftc-wins-ooki-dao-case-setting-precedent-that-daos-can-be-held-liable?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

In a case alleging that Ooki DAO was operating an illegal exchange, a
US court ruled that the decentralized autonomous organization is
legally liable under the Commodity Exchange Act, potentially setting a
significant legal precedent for other DAOs. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e3621e50-08e4-11ee-871b-ed7d79390b3c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686571296&t=1686572054&s=73fa6b24f2861dba9cd58f554fab01e1040cd6035b487dbc986de49cc9db9f3d].