# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-05-2023

Binance allegedly breached US financial regulations by merging
customer funds with company revenue in 2020 and 2021.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f902ed62-fa06-11ed-a183-ad4bcda0463f&pt=campaign&t=1684930354&s=3215eaecd81aec3cb08ffbf196b7d8b94db428bb7b6d140c911c206e1f18f66d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-24

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO GIANT BINANCE COMMINGLED CUSTOMER FUNDS AND COMPANY REVENUE,
FORMER INSIDERS SAY (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/crypto-binance-money/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance, the world's biggest cryptocurrency exchange, allegedly
breached US financial regulations by merging customer funds with
company revenue in 2020 and 2021. This alleged commingling of billions
of dollars frequently occurred at Silvergate Bank. The lack of clear
separation of customer funds and corporate revenue suggests weak
internal controls at Binance, a setup that could put client assets at
risk. There's no evidence that Binance's clients lost any money as a
part of this. 

LEDGER PLANS TO ACCELERATE OPEN SOURCE WORK IN WAKE OF RECOVER
BACKLASH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/231857/ledger-plans-to-accelerate-open-source-work-in-wake-of-recover-backlash?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In response to concerns about its newly announced private key recovery
service, Ledger, one of the most popular hardware wallet
manufacturers, has committed to accelerating its open-source roadmap
for greater transparency. The service, named Ledger Recover, divides
usersâ€™ seed phrases into three parts, held by Ledger, CoinCover, and
EscrowTech. This led to concerns about third-party entities, like
governments, being able to take custody of user funds. Ledgerâ€™s
announcement of this accelerated open-source roadmap seemed to allay
some of the concerns the crypto community had around the Recover
update. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

METAPLEX ADDING FEES TO ITS PROTOCOL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.metaplex.com/posts/token-metadata-immutability?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Metaplex Foundation announced three significant updates to its
protocol. Firstly, theyâ€™re aiming to transition the Token Metadata
program to a state of immutability, preventing future upgrades or
modifications to the program. Secondly, the foundation will ensure key
characteristics of Token Metadata, such as permissionless access.
Lastly, they will introduce network fees to the Token Metadata
program, which will be assessed on mints, verifications, updates, and
freezes. These updates received backlash from users in the Solana
ecosystem for its additional fees and concerns over loss of control. 

LAYER 1 BLOCKCHAIN VEGA PROTOCOL ACTIVATES ON-CHAIN FUTURES AFTER
MAINNET ROLLOUT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/231875/vega-protocol-blockchain-markets?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Vega Protocol, an L1 that is focused on derivatives trading, has
launched on-chain markets. The protocol launched its mainnet on May
10. Backed by a $43 million token sale, it offers decentralized,
permissionless markets and will initially support cash-settled futures
markets. Future plans include various market types like spot and
futures markets, a browser wallet, and an MEV protection feature named
Wendy. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN UPDATE ON TOKENIZED SECURITIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1660342934372335617.html] 

Tokenized securities, digital versions of traditional assets like
T-bills, ETFs, or stocks, are gaining traction with a market cap of
over $220 million, facilitated largely by platforms like Ondo and
Matrixdock. They offer a way to invest in low-risk traditional
financial instruments using crypto assets like USDC, attracting
on-chain treasury capital. Most tokenized assets are issued on
Ethereum due to its large capital base. While the process of investing
in these assets is not as efficient as the TradFi system yet, itâ€™s
easy to envision infrastructure being developed that will make it
orders of magnitude more efficient in the future. 

IDENTITY FIRST, APPS SECOND: BEYOND GATED WEB 2 PLATFORMS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://zeeprime.capital/identity-first-apps-second?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article explains how web3 social is poised to emerge bottom-up,
starting with user identities. The decentralization and tokenization
of the internet is turning blockchain addresses into user profiles,
prioritizing identities over applications. Instead of being locked
into social platforms, users will utilize open identifiers like tokens
and NFTs to define their social graphs. Future social apps will
facilitate discovery and interaction without owning the social graph
but rather accessing it on-chain. Web3's potential lies in combining
social and financial intents and integrating these processes into the
user journey. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE NOT-SO-SUBTLE ART OF THE MEME COIN (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/meme-coin-cryptocurrencies?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Meme coins, known for their humor and lack of utility, have, over
intermittent time periods, attracted significant attention to the
crypto world. Notable coins include Dogecoin, PEPE, and Floki Inu,
which turned heads with rags-to-riches stories of traders turning
hundreds of dollars into millions in short time frames. These tokens
primarily bank on narratives and community-building, targeting
audiences attracted by humor or controversy. However, the reality of
meme coin trading is that it's a zero-sum game with lots of risk for
scams and fraud, causing critics to label them as casinos undermining
the vision of crypto. Despite risks, some see meme coins as gateways
into the larger crypto ecosystem and useful case studies on how
communities form in crypto. 

BLOCKCHAIN CAPITAL MULLS EMERGING CRYPTO HUB MOVE AMID US CRACKDOWN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/231805/blockchain-capital-mulls-expansion?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Blockchain Capital, a San Francisco-based crypto venture firm, is
contemplating decentralizing its operations and capital in response to
the US government's increasing regulatory scrutiny on the crypto
sector. The firm's founder, Bart Stephens, indicated that they're
considering jurisdictions like the UK, UAE, and Hong Kong, which are
all aiming to be crypto hubs in their own rights. This potential move
comes as no surprise. Several other US crypto firms have decided or
are thinking about moving their operational bases due to the recent
uptick in regulatory actions. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

EX-CFTC COMMISSIONER SAYS ETH CAN BE BOTH A COMMODITY AND A SECURITY
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://unchainedcrypto.com/ex-cftc-commissioner-says-eth-can-be-both-a-commodity-and-a-security/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ex-CFTC Commissioner Dan Berkovitz recently appeared in an interview
with Unchained and explained how ETH could be viewed as a commodity by
the CFTC and a security by the SEC and both would be within their
legal right. 

A BALANCED TAKE ON FTX 2.0 BY WASSIELAWYER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661022628197601282.html] 

The future form of the failed FTX exchange, dubbed "FTX 2.0", has been
hotly contested. Possible outcomes include reopening for claim
trading, a complete restart by a new operator, or selling the customer
list to another exchange. It seems like some form of FTX 2.0 makes
sense as a logical step forward, as opposed to complete liquidation. 

DASH BLOCKCHAIN HALTED AFTER FAILED HARD FORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/dash-blockchain-halted-after-failed-hard-fork?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Dash's transaction processing and block production were disrupted
during the activation of Dash Core v19, causing a halt in the chain
early Monday morning. 

VITALIK BUILT A SIMPLE WEB-BASED GAME IN 2011 AND JUST UPLOADED IT TO
IPFS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://slasha.vitalik.eth.limo/?utm_sourcet=tldr_crypto] 

Vitalik Buterin uploaded a pre-crypto real-time strategy game from
2011 called Slasha to IPFS for users to enjoy. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=f902ed62-fa06-11ed-a183-ad4bcda0463f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684929667&t=1684930354&s=a4ba1bb1c2efaccc053056aba27b6d71b8ed72127325d0ae9b146a91dbb379eb].


Â 