# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-08-2023

The scrutiny on Worldcoin continuesÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d4ccd228-3836-11ee-948d-a1ef3c269db5&pt=campaign&t=1691755487&s=35bde3ccf5c9aafe9b7e0be8a8c0772b61ac4152b9556c89559454a6f12bb88b]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-11

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

WORLDCOIN REGULATORY SCRUTINY GROWS AS ARGENTINA OPENS INVESTIGATION
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/08/10/worldcoin-regulatory-scrutiny-grows-as-argentina-opens-investigation/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The scrutiny on Worldcoin continues. The Argentine Agency for Access
to Public Information (AAIP) has initiated an investigation to
ascertain the legality of its data collection practices. It wants
entities like Worldcoin to register with the organization, provide
information about its data processing policies, and indicate the
purpose for collecting sensitive data and the retention period for
such data. The AAIP did not confirm whether Worldcoin complies with
the standards. 

BITSTAMP TO SUSPEND TRADING OF MAJOR ALTCOINS FOR US USERS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitstamp-suspend-trading-major-altcoins-us-users?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Bitstamp is suspending trading of Axie Infinity, Chiliz, Decentraland,
Polygon, Near, Sandbox, and Solana for US customers, with all seven
tokens being named by the SEC as securities. Users will still be able
to hold the seven tokens in their accounts and withdraw them at any
time. The SECâ€™s allegations against the tokens have not yet been
proven in a court of law. It currently alleges that 68
cryptocurrencies are securities. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

TELEGRAM INTRODUCES TON SPACE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptodaily.co.uk/2023/08/telegram-to-integrate-a-crypto-wallet-called-ton-space?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

TON, a blockchain system originally created by Telegram, announced the
launch of its self-custodial crypto wallet TON Space that would be
integrated in the prominent messaging app. It is now in a beta phase
and available for developers. TON Space will provide users with full
control over their assets. It will be able to seamlessly link to any
app built on Telegram. 

INTRODUCING LASSO AND JOLT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16zcrypto.com/posts/article/introducing-lasso-and-jolt/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Silicon Valley venture-capital giant Andreessen Horowitz has released
a pair of open-source software projects, Lasso and Jolt, with the goal
of speeding up the core tech behind zero-knowledge proofs. Lasso and
Jolt solve three crucial issues with SNARKs: performance, developer
experience, and auditability. Lasso is a new lookup argument where the
prover commits to fewer and smaller values than prior works. Jolt is a
new frontend unlocked by Lasso's ability to use gigantic lookup
tables. This article explains the projects and why they matter. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

INTRO TO AMM INCENTIVES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gauntlet.xyz/resources/intro-to-amm-incentives?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


The end goal of any incentive program is to create net positive value
for the protocol. Unfortunately, AMM incentive programs have not
proven to be very effective. In this article, Gauntlet explores what a
self-sustaining AMM incentive program might look like. 

10 SECTORS TO KEEP AN EYE ON (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/CryptoNikyous/status/1689318458578890753?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


A thread on 10 promising sectors to keep your eye on, including LSDs,
perps, and GambleFi. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ROLLUP DECENTRALIZATION - DOES IT MATTER? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/shivamadan.eth/AGhh5hIcPCqeCbGNtD8j16tBujdWBGVV7Q1ER90cfCA?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Thereâ€™s been a lot of discussion recently on how decentralized
rollups should be. But does it really matter? Itâ€™s a tricky
question. In this article, Shivansu Madan explores it from
philosophical, technical, and economic angles. 

FIREBLOCKS DISCLOSES MASSIVE VULNERABILITY AFFECTING CRYPTO WALLETS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/fireblocks-identifies-crypto-wallet-bitforge-vulnerability?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


According to digital asset infrastructure firm Fireblocks, over 15
widely-used crypto wallet providers and projects have gaping
vulnerabilities that could potentially see millions of crypto wallets
drained, although Coinbase, Binance, and Zengo have since fixed the
issue. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

THIS WEEK ON-CHAIN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://degensensei.substack.com/p/this-week-on-chain-33-calm-for-once?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


A quick look into what happened this week on-chain as it pertains to
bridge flow, DEX volumes, and NFT trading volumes. 

EIGHTEEN LEADING VC FIRMS FACE FTX CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/temasek-sequoia-capital-softbank-vcs-lawsuit-ftx-fraud?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Eighteen leading venture capital investment firms, including Temasek,
Sequoia Capital, Sino Global, and Softbank, have been named as
defendants in a class-action lawsuit filed in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California for their links
to FTX. 

ONCHAIN SUMMER (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/base-org/onchainsummer.xyz?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

The open-source GitHub repository for Coinbaseâ€™s Onchain Summer
project. 

DCG FILES TO DISMISS GEMINIâ€™S FRAUD CLAIMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/08/10/digital-currency-group-files-to-dismiss-crypto-exchange-geminis-fraud-claims/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Digital Currency Group filed a motion to dismiss a lawsuit brought
last month by cryptocurrency exchange Gemini, which alleged the crypto
conglomerate and its founder, Barry Silbert, committed fraud through
its Genesis subsidiary, which held funds for Geminiâ€™s Earn program. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d4ccd228-3836-11ee-948d-a1ef3c269db5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691755280&t=1691755487&s=9b57fc8e8b5ea6c354619d4dba422ef521cfc8ed3726edbbb989695f0d438585].