# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-03-2023

Terraform Labs founder Do Kwon has been arrested in Montenegro  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=369e1dd8-ca08-11ed-ae8b-85ed7d771e2a&pt=campaign&t=1679659761&s=181dd64745f2991ae64b7a0192254046e2d253d9bd29f4f222dbe536058ce950]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-24

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

DO KWON ARRESTED, MONTENEGRIN OFFICIALS SAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/do-kwon-arrested?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Terraform Labs founder Do Kwon has been arrested in Montenegro for
allegedly causing over $40 billion in losses due to the TerraUSD
stablecoin collapse. Montenegrin police detained Kwon at Podgorica
airport with falsified documents.TerraUSD, an algorithmic stablecoin,
was not backed by reserves, rather an algorithm that eventually
unwound, causing the stablecoin to ultimately fail. Kwon has been
charged by the SEC for orchestrating cryptocurrency securities fraud
and is sought by South Korean and Singaporean officials. 

MYSTEN LABS TO BUY BACK EQUITY, TOKEN WARRANTS FROM FTX BANKRUPTCY
ESTATE FOR $96M (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/03/23/mysten-labs-to-buy-back-equity-token-warrants-from-ftx-bankruptcy-estate-for-96m/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Mysten Labs, the creators of Sui, agreed to purchase FTX's equity
investment in Mysten Labs and Sui token warrants for $96.3 million.
This is another step in the ongoing journey for FTX CEO John J. Ray
III, attempting to maximize creditors' recovery from the collapsed
crypto exchange. In Augsut, just a couple few before its implosion,
FTX led Mysten Labs’ $2 billion Series B, investing $102 million in
the Company and receiving preferred equity and token warrants in
exchange. This means, FTX is recovering close to 95% of its original
outlay. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

THE GRAPH NETWORK NOW ACCEPTS QUERY FEES VIA CREDIT CARD (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1638933843645288449.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Graph Network has introduced a more convenient payment method for
query fees by allowing users to pay with debit or credit cards via the
Banxa widget. This fiat onramp streamlines the onboarding process
further, making it easier for developers to build on decentralized
data infrastructure and benefit from The Graph's decentralized
network. To use this feature, users simply click "Pay with Card" when
adding GRT to their billing balance in Subgraph Studio, enter their
card details, and submit. This removes what could have been a big
potential blocker for developers. 

USDT STABLECOIN PAYMENTS LAUNCH ON TELEGRAM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/124243/telegram-announces-usdt-stablecoin-payments-on-tron-network?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Telegram users can now exchange Tether's stablecoin, USDT-TRON or
TRC20, with each other through the messaging app's wallet function,
which was developed by independent developers. USDT is the
third-largest cryptocurrency by market cap and the largest stablecoin
in the space. Telegram will only support USDT on Tron for now, which
is a low-cost and high-speed network. Additionally, the wallet allows
users to buy, swap, and make P2P trades with Tether USDT and send it
to friends without transaction fees. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

AN OVERVIEW OF A NEW BITCOIN L2 SOLUTION AND ITS POTENTIAL IMPACT ON
DEFI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1638566818569924609.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Mintlayer is a Bitcoin L2 that aims to scale and speed up the future
of DeFi. The chain is anchored to Bitcoin, and users must stake ML
tokens and run a node to participate in network consensus. Mintlayer
uses a Check Point system to leverage Bitcoin’s security, decrease
initial blockchain download time, and ensure minimal disk space
requirements. The tokenomics include an initial circulating supply of
15.82 million ML, listing price of $0.25, and a total supply of 600
million ML. Mainnet launch is expected in Q3 2023. 

ON COMPOSABILITY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/blog.murphylabs.eth/eYi81A6LZ_d0S8ALjy1M8SQRwe3cekorLUP8tf2JIqw?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article walks through how composability in DeFi enables
interoperability between different components, fostering ecosystem
growth and innovation. Open-source culture and smart contracts
facilitate the creation of unique products and improved user
experiences. Counterintuitively, competition actually cultivates a
"blue ocean" strategy, where projects end up collaborating and expand
the market instead of fighting for existing pieces of the pie.
Examples of projects enhancing DeFi's composability include Paraswap,
Morpho, APWine, and Li.Fi. Despite its benefits, composability has
limitations, such as increased hack risks and potential user
confusion. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

DUE TO SEC INACTION, REGISTRATION IS NOT A VIABLE PATH FOR CRYPTO
PROJECTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://policy.paradigm.xyz/writing/secs-path-to-registration-part-i?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In this article, Paradigm criticizes SEC Chair Gary Gensler's claims
that registering crypto tokens and products with the SEC is as simple
as filling out a form online, like traditional startups registering
with the IRS. The author argues that this comparison is misleading, as
registering crypto projects with the SEC is neither easy nor cheap,
and the current registration framework is inadequate for digital
assets. The SEC has not provided actionable guidance or engaged
constructively with the crypto industry. The authors call for honest
discussions on crypto regulation, involving policymakers and
stakeholders, to create a viable path for crypto registration. 

DRPC LAUNCHES DECENTRALIZED RPC NETWORK FOR ETHEREUM APPS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/222196/drpc-launches-decentralized-rpc-network-for-ethereum-apps?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Centralization of RPCs has long been a pain point in an otherwise
decentralized industry. DRPC is aiming to solve this problem by
launching decentralized RPCs, which can enhance security, decrease
costs, and increase reliability for applications in the space.
Decentralized RPCs, which are essential for trustless, scalable
blockchain networks, eliminate potential bottlenecks that can occur
when centralized providers go offline. DRPC’s solution uses a
network of globally distributed providers to share the RPC load more
efficiently. Initially supporting Ethereum-based apps, DRPC plans to
expand its coverage to other EVM-based networks, including Arbitrum,
Polygon, and Optimism. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

AAVEGOTCHI X POLYGON SUPERNETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.aavegotchi.com/introducing-gotchichain-aavegotchi-x-polygon-supernets/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Aavegotchi will launch Gotchichain, a gaming-optimized blockchain
using Polygon Supernets technology, with faster transactions, lower
fees, and scalability. It will host Aavegotchi games and dapps, using
GHST token for transactions. 

MAGIC EDEN LAUNCHES A GAMING HUB (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1638575117273022465.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Magic Eden Games launched a dedicated hub for discovering and
exploring web3 games, featuring 10 launch partners across Polygon,
Solana, and Ethereum. The platform offers rich gaming content,
cross-chain game leaderboards, category filters, and a newsfeed to
enhance web3 gaming experiences. 

WEB2 BEHEMOTH GOOGLE TRYING TO INNOVATE FOR WEB3 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/222445/google-web3-innovation?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In addition to its Node Engine launched last year, Google is striving
to provide even more solutions for web3 that specifically fit
developer and user needs there. A podcast episode from ‘The Scoop’
with the Google web3 team will be dropped over the weekend. 

ADVANCED ANALYSIS FOR ARBITRUM AIRDROP (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/x-explore.eth/AFroG11e24I6S1oDvTitNdQSDh8lN5bz9VZAink8lZ4%5C?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Arbitrum's airdrop release faced Sybil detection loopholes, resulting
in 279,328 same-person addresses and 148,595 Sybil addresses receiving
tokens. In this case, ineffective rules enabled Sybils to exploit
exchanges, bridges, and contracts, and engage in post-snapshot
collection behaviors. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=369e1dd8-ca08-11ed-ae8b-85ed7d771e2a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1679659219&t=1679659761&s=9d7f7a0caf39534347378caaa902e6d8574c77d93da7b0abb1f1aabc5fa85d62].


 