# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-09-2023

Coinbase apparently mulled over the idea of purchasing FTXs European
arm after FTX‚Äôs fall last year¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e5b87694-5b8d-11ee-af4a-636e7b5f8ad8&pt=campaign&t=1695643604&s=e46886dac18e746cde66580c07195999c11a6d870bc16b4f27581010b2161954]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-25

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

COINBASE PURSUED FTX EUROPE ACQUISITION AS IT LOOKED TO EXPAND
OVERSEAS DERIVATIVES BUSINESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/MluxD?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase apparently mulled over the idea of purchasing FTX's European
arm after FTX‚Äôs fall last year. While the talks did not progress
extensively, the move highlighted the importance of derivatives in
Coinbase's global strategy. As spot trading volumes have declined
during the bear market, derivative volumes have risen, particularly in
Asia. Coinbase's interest also brought about questions regarding the
future of crypto derivatives in Europe, as FTX Europe was the only
company offering a type of crypto derivative called perpetual futures.


AS OTHERS DEPART THE US, COINSHARES EXPANDS VIA NEW HEDGE FUND UNIT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/coinshares-europe-hedge-fund-division-us-expansion?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Crypto investment firm CoinShares is launching a hedge fund division,
CoinShares Hedge Fund Solutions, to cater to US investors, marking the
firm's expansion into the country. The unit will be led by Lewis
Fellas and offer funds based on Bitcoin and Ethereum. This move comes
while other companies have been exiting the US due to its oppositional
regulatory stance. CoinShares CEO Jean-Marie Mognetti sees potential
with the product as he has observed increased demand for active
digital asset management amid an inflation-driven macro environment. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ERC5564 CONTRACTS FOR STEALTH ADDRESSES ON EVM CHAINS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/kassandraoftroy/erc5564-contracts?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This developer has open-sourced an EVM chain-based protocol for
private payments and transfers of any asset, including ERC20 and
ERC721 tokens. The smart contracts aim for a balance between stealth
and simplicity. The idea was based on a framework that Vitalik Buterin
proposed for stealth addresses. The technology is accessible for
developers seeking transaction privacy, leveraging ERC5564, a formal
standard for stealth addresses. 

BITCOIN‚ÄôS FIRST ZERO-KNOWLEDGE LIGHT CLIENT SEEKS TO DRIVE
INNOVATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/zerosync-starkware-zero-knowledge-proofs-bitcoin?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

ZeroSync, a Swiss non-profit, is aiming to bring zk proofs to Bitcoin,
starting with a zk proof-based light client for the network. Its
roadmap includes developing a protocol on top of Bitcoin to increase
throughput, allowing for the incorporation of tokens and enhanced
privacy. The project, which is funded by grants and is the first to
use StarkWare's Cairo programming language outside Ethereum, would
require a soft fork in Bitcoin's code. The ZeroSync team is currently
exploring options and participating in the community to find the best
approach. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ANALYZING ETHEREUM WITH CRYO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://mteam88.github.io/posts/analyzing-ethereum-with-cryo/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post provides a guide to using Cryo, a flexible user-friendly
tool built by Paradigm that enables developers to easily extract
blockchain data into multiple formats for analysis. The tool utilizes
Rust and Python for data exploration, allowing users to download
different datasets like blocks, transactions, and logs. The post
offers a walkthrough of how to install Cryo, extract and download
Ethereum data, and analyze it using Python libraries. 

EXTENDING THE ETHEREUM-EQUIVALENCE DEFINITION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://finestone.mirror.xyz/a5cP9-p4OoeHSKAUxbwVVIHOoNTKtcfeNf3WsBwUQWo?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article examines the concept of Ethereum-equivalence and
introduces a layer of advanced definitions. The idea is to identify
levels within Ethereum-equivalence, building up on conventional
meanings towards a more philosophical alignment. This hierarchy aims
to provide a roadmap for rollups and in achieving a full 'Ethereum on
Ethereum' structure. The author proposes two further levels within the
Ethereum-equivalence hierarchy, providing a comprehensive view of the
topic. They also elaborate on what each level offers and the virtues
of full Ethereum-equivalence. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE BURN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://w.mirror.xyz/AmHOzH-FQZVO3IhGXHSvCRxRSf2MO6VCZdmMwNEIyKE?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

NounsDAO is due for an update. This proposal lays out plans to burn
any excess ETH held by the treasury. The move would tie the treasury,
the Nouns supply, and the auction price together, and encourage the
DAO voters to spend the treasury, increase the Noun supply, and raise
the auction price. The proposal also suggests a waiting period
post-update to allow the DAO to coordinate, potentially setting the
first burn date for New Year‚Äôs Eve, 2023. 

PROGRESSIVE COMPLIANCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.placeholder.vc/blog/2023/9/20/progressive-compliance?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article from Placeholder explains how the legal and regulatory
uncertainties surrounding blockchains and dapps remain key barriers to
mass adoption. Many projects aim to achieve "progressive
decentralization" to comply with current regulatory frameworks. The
primary challenge with this approach lies in accomplishing compliance
without compromising foundational principles. The article lays out a
parallel concept called ‚Äúprogressive compliance‚Äù for companies or
protocols whose business models do not make sense to decentralize. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SHIFTS IN PRODUCT DYNAMICS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/adeets.eth/X6M0V7clnbUh6eFlyIxXIB8AfZBJEfoNbC_g90jlJHM?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This blog post highlights some of the shifts in the dynamics of
building in web3 that have occurred throughout the bear market. It
specifically highlights 5 shifts: velocity being the new constant, the
frontier paradox, headless brands, the multi-application flywheel, and
putting the audience ahead of the product. 

BASE TOKEN NOT 'RULED OUT ENTIRELY,' COINBASE'S PAUL GREWAL SAYS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/252477/base-token-not-ruled-out-entirely-coinbase-clo-paul-grewal?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase's Chief Legal Officer Paul Grewal mentioned at Messari
Mainnet that Coinbase has not ruled out issuing a token for its
Ethereum L2 Base that launched and gained a great deal of traction
throughout the summer. 

STRUCTURAL ADVANTAGES FOR INTEGRATED BUILDERS IN MEV-BOOST (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/MaxResnick1/status/1705320727162077235?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This study conducted by Max Resnick and Mallesh Pai explains how
integrated builders, due to their speed, dominate CEX/DEX arbitrage,
outperforming neutral builders. 

VITALIK BUTERIN, THE MAN BEHIND ETHEREUM, TALKS CRYPTO AND THE US
CRACKDOWN (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/22/vitalik-buterin-cnbc-interview-ethereum-founder-on-us-crypto-crackdown.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Vitalik Buterin was recently interviewed on CNBC, discussing the
regulatory crackdown on cryptocurrencies in the US and how crypto will
continue to thrive, especially in developing countries. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e5b87694-5b8d-11ee-af4a-636e7b5f8ad8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695643329&t=1695643604&s=d3a49eeb3674de0a6192f3202278fa3d0de7f0584c77bdd02bf1f6c35883be21].