# Articles TLDR Crypto 05-07-2023

Cameron Winklevoss has proposed a final offer in debt-restructuring
talks for the bankrupt digital-asset firm Genesis.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e0d87ccc-1b01-11ee-bf02-d1e8c21c1127&pt=campaign&t=1688558685&s=b3a5cfb712d77bfa38018b0b204622ea9dde9d5ef9c6b501e5e7235dc804e89b]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-05

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TRADERS FLOCKING BACK TO CENTRALIZED EXCHANGES AMID BITCOIN RALLY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237727/traders-flocking-back-to-centralized-exchanges-amid-bitcoin-rally?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The DEX to CEX volume ratio fell from 22% in May to 16.8% in June and
has dipped further so far in July according to The Block's data. This
comes as attention in the crypto market has shifted from the meme coin
craze we saw in May to excitement around the potential for spot ETFs
and what that could mean for institutional adoption. As the attention
shifted from meme coins and altcoins to majors like BTC and ETH,
traders and investors began to shift volume to CEXs where these majors
are more easily traded. 

GEMINI'S CAMERON WINKLEVOSS TWEETS $1.5B 'FINAL OFFER' IN DEBT TALKS
OVER CRYPTO FIRM GENESIS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/07/04/geminis-cameron-winklevoss-tweets-15b-final-offer-in-debt-talks-over-crypto-firm-genesis/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Gemini crypto exchange co-founder Cameron Winklevoss has proposed a
final offer in debt-restructuring talks for the bankrupt digital-asset
firm Genesis. The deal involves $1.5 billion in forbearance payments
and new loans. Winklevoss accused DCG, Genesis's owner, of delaying a
satisfactory repayment plan for Genesis creditors and missing a $630
million payment to Genesis. The consequences of rejecting the deal
could result in lawsuits and a "non-consensual" debt-repayment plan
against DCG. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

NEW BITCOIN STANDARD BRC-69 REMOVES DATA LIMIT FOR ORDINALS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/147270/new-bitcoin-standard-brc-69-removes-data-limit-ordinals?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The proposed BRC-69 token standard for Ordinals addresses the
limitation on inscription size that plagues prior Ordinals standards.
Utilizing "recursive inscriptions," it facilitates creating new
inscriptions using data from existing ones, which can reduce costs by
more than 90%. The upgrade simplifies the process for minters and
enables the effective use of on-chain resources. This development is
considered significant in Bitcoin's history, hinting at an "internal
internet" for the blockchain where files can interact with one
another. This proposal follows a flurry of other recent developments
in the space, like Bitmaps, which allows claiming ownership of Bitcoin
blocks. 

FXHASH 2.0 - EXPANDING TO ETHEREUM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1674436332536623110.html] 

Tezos-based generative art platform, fxhash, is planning to make a big
move with fxhash 2.0, expanding its on-chain minting services to
Ethereum. After this integration, users will have the freedom to
choose Ethereum or Tezos based on which one is best suited to their
needs. The expansion aims to offer a seamless user experience
regardless of the chosen chain, with an eye towards simply celebrating
art rather than focusing on which chain it’s on. In fact, fxhash 2.0
will display both Tezos-minted and Ethereum-minted pieces right next
to each other in the marketplace. fxhash is slated to release the
multichain update by Fall or Winter of this year. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

DECIPHERING GMX V2: THE NEXT WAVE OF DECENTRALIZED PERPS (27 MINUTE
READ)
[https://castle-chronicle.beehiiv.com/p/deciphering-gmx-v2-next-wave-decentralized-perps?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


GMX, a leading entity in the decentralized perpetual trading scene, is
preparing for its v2 transition. The upgrade aims to resolve existing
sector issues and strengthen GMX's position within the derivatives
market. Key improvements include a revised pricing model, refined
operational mechanisms, and enhanced trading functionalities. However,
there are still challenges to overcome like potential system exploits,
attracting liquidity, and integrating with third-party providers. 

THE ULTIMATE AIRDROP DASHBOARD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1676232667438936066.html] 

The Ultimate Airdrop Dashboard as a way to keep up with different
potential airdrops on the horizon and to provide a convenient way to
get info about them. This thread lays out some of the top potential
upcoming airdrops and gives overviews of the projects. LayerZero has
developed an interoperability protocol that connects different
blockchain networks, raising $260M. Other projects on the dashboard
include zkSync, a trustless protocol enabling cost-effective
transactions; StarkNet, a permissionless ZK-Rollup providing scale for
Ethereum-based dApps; and MetaMask, the most popular hot wallet in the
space. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

HONG KONG URGED TO ISSUE STABLECOIN TO COMPETE WITH TETHER AND USDC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/237728/hong-kong-stablecoin-usdt-usdc?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Several prominent figures in Hong Kong and Hong Kong's web3
Association have proposed that the Hong Kong government introduce a
stablecoin backed by the city's foreign exchange reserves. They cite
potential benefits like improved financial inclusiveness and
transaction efficiency. They argue that a government-backed stablecoin
could also decrease risk and increase credibility compared to those
issued by private institutions and could assist in de-dollarizing Hong
Kong’s economy. The proposal even suggests it could spur the
digitization of traditional assets and boost financial innovation and
competitiveness. 

GETTING TO THE SYNTHETIX V3 END GAME (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/cavalier.eth/nOTmVQcole7f0mnqhF93PHO2qbCMm1Y0JAAdiYX9tjU?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Synthetix v3, a liquidity layer for decentralized finance, is
gradually taking over its predecessor, v2. Key features of v3 include
Liquidity Providers being able to delegate collateral to Pools and
mint sUSD, increasing their rewards and the circulation of this native
stablecoin. The new system, live on mainnet and mainly focusing on the
spot market, aims to streamline derivatives and financial products.
While the transition is ongoing, incentives are expected to shift from
v2 to v3 once Perps v3 goes live and starts earning fees for the
system. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

DEFI 'CIRCUIT BREAKER' COULD DRASTICALLY REDUCE HACKS AND THEFTS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/defi-circuit-breaker-stop-hacks?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


To counter rising DeFi security breaches, Meir Bank and Philippe
Dumoneth have proposed ERC-7265, the "Circuit Breaker", which would
specify that token flows be halted when a certain threshold of
outflows is exceeded, thereby potentially reducing hacking
vulnerabilities. 

NFTS AS THIS CYCLE’S ALT COINS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1676090350291816448.html] 

In the wake of a massive capitulation event in NFTs, Electric
Capital’s founder gave some perspective on the tech and his outlook
on it, claiming that NFTs as we know them are the foundation for the
real innovation that will come on top of this protocol in the near
future. 

NOW YOU CAN CREATE TUNES VIA BITCOIN WITH AN ON-CHAIN MUSIC ENGINE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/147234/create-songs-on-bitcoin-ordinals-music-engine?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ordinals' new "recursive inscriptions" allows for much larger files to
be inscribed to bitcoin, thereby giving developers interesting avenues
for combining those files into applications. In this case, a developer
created an on-chain music engine that allows users to generate and
inscribe music to the chain with just a few words about what they’d
like to create. 

DISTRIBUTED BLOCKBUILDING NETWORKS VIA SECURE KNAPSACK AUCTIONS (20
MINUTE READ)
[https://collective.flashbots.net/t/distributed-blockbuilding-networks-via-secure-knapsack-auctions/1955?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


HashCloak is proposing to decentralize Ethereum block creation,
likening it to the knapsack problem, using privacy-preserving
techniques. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=e0d87ccc-1b01-11ee-bf02-d1e8c21c1127&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688558495&t=1688558685&s=dac647c73fd57df14d80a8bd252e098fc2573f5717ab2284e1afd71105c6c7f5].