# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-10-2023

BlackRocks BTC ETF briefly disappeared from DTCC directory, sparking
media attention.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0838098e-731a-11ee-b8cb-e1e6b5883dfd&pt=campaign&t=1698235414&s=65a8235964bf29104787275e01aa94f68316003318373761d00ce57ddb6dcfc0]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-25

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 CRYPTO LENDER BLOCKFI ENDS BANKRUPTCY WITH A PLAN TO REPAY CUSTOMERS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/203099/blockfi-ends-bankruptcy-prepares-to-return-customer-funds?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 BlockFi, the infamous bankrupt crypto lending firm, announced that it
has finalized bankruptcy plans by reorganizing its balance sheet for
creditor repayment. It disclosed that it has $1.2 billion in assets
linked to FTX and Alameda Research, two companies accused of
multibillion-dollar fraud. BlockFi's recovery plan includes asset
recovery from these bankrupt firms and customer asset reconciliation.
Additionally, its interest-bearing account customers are expected to
get initial distributions by early 2024, depending on recoveries from
FTX and affiliates. 

 GRAYSCALE LAUNCHES CRYPTO INDICES PRODUCT WITH FTSE RUSSELL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/259073/grayscale-launches-new-crypto-indices-product-for-the-next-bull-run?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Grayscale Investments is partnering with the London Stock Exchange's
FTSE Russell to launch the Crypto Sector Index Series, a product
offering indices made up of digital assets categorized by use. The
index will not let any single cryptocurrency hold a disproportionate
impact on the group, meaning investors can diversify exposures. This
announcement comes amidst a lawsuit filed against DCG, Grayscale's
parent company, by the New York Attorney General over alleged public
deception in a joint product. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 ARCHAX TO LAUNCH REGULATED EXCHANGE FOR TOKENIZED ASSETS THIS YEAR (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/24/archax-to-launch-regulated-exchange-for-tokenized-assets-this-year/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 UK-based cryptocurrency exchange Archax plans to launch an exchange
for tokenized assets, including funds and bonds, targeting
professional investors and institutions. The company, authorized by
the Financial Conduct Authority, has also tokenized its interests with
a pipeline worth several hundred million dollars to come. 

 DYDX RELEASES COSMOS-BASED CHAIN SOURCE CODE AHEAD OF MAINNET LAUNCH
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/202941/dydx-releases-cosmos-based-chain-source-code-ahead-mainnet-launch?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 dYdX Trading, the firm behind the decentralized derivatives exchange
dYdX, has publicly released its open-source code to kickstart dYdX
Chain, an updated version of the exchange. This upgrade involves a
shift from an Ethereum-based L2 blockchain to a Cosmos-powered
proof-of-stake protocol, governed by DYDX token owners. The new
blockchain will run in tandem with the existing exchange for an
unspecified period. The code was reported to be free of critical
errors when it was audited in March. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 GRAYSCALE CRYPTO SECTORS: SETTING A STANDARD FOR THE CRYPTO ASSET
CLASS (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.grayscale.com/research/reports/crypto-sectors-long-form-paper?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Grayscale recently introduced a comprehensive framework called
"Grayscale Crypto Sectors" that aims to help investors understand and
monitor the evolution of the growing and diverse crypto ecosystem. The
framework classifies the crypto landscape into five sectors -
Currencies, Smart Contract Platforms, Financials, Consumer and
Culture, and Utilities and Services. This move reflects developing
potential use cases in various areas, including identity systems,
digital artwork, decentralized finance, and web hosting. 

 THE HOUSE ALWAYS WINS: A ROLLBIT RESEARCH REPORT (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.asxn.xyz/p/the-house-always-wins?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

 This in-depth research report goes over Rollbit, which operates as a
gaming and gambling platform with a casino, sportsbook, and futures
trading platform. The platform offers various games, including Plinko,
X Flip, Rollbit Bonanza, X-Roulette, X-Crash, and RollerCoaster. The
sportsbook allows betting on traditional sports and esports, while the
futures trading platform offers leverage trading on cryptocurrencies.
On top of this, Rollbit implements a token-burning mechanism, with a
portion of revenue used to buy back and burn their RLB token. This
report dives into the mechanics of the platform and its tokenomics and
provides an analysis of its usage and revenue. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THEY CRACKED THE CODE TO A LOCKED USB DRIVE WORTH $235 MILLION IN
BITCOIN. THEN IT GOT WEIRD (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/unciphered-ironkey-password-cracking-bitcoin/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Seattle-based startup Unciphered has developed a technique that can
hack into an IronKey USB drive, with potential applications for
cryptocurrency recovery. This secret method allows infinite password
guesses on this encrypted device that normally only allows 10 guesses.
Notably, entrepreneur Stefan Thomas, who famously owns an IronKey
containing the key to 7,002 bitcoins (roughly $235 million), has been
approached by Unciphered to recover the coins, but has denied their
offer. 

 BLACKROCK SPOT BTC ETF TICKER HAS REAPPEARED ON THE DTCC LIST (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tradingview.com/news/forexlive:88205dcc9094b:0-blackrock-spot-btc-etf-ticker-has-reappeared-on-the-dtcc-list/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 BlackRock's BTC ETF briefly disappeared from DTCC directory, sparking
media attention. It's back now, but DTCC sources are saying it's
actually been there for months. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

 BALAJI SRINIVASAN ON THE THREE TYPES OF BITCOIN-STATES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://telablog.com/the-three-types-of-bitcoin-states/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In this Q&A, Balaji Srinivasan theorizes on Bitcoin's global impact,
dividing states into Bitcoin-atheists, monotheists, and polytheists. 

 LYN ALDENâ€™S THOUGHTS ON BITCOIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/LynAldenContact/status/1716665384739209492?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 In this thread, Lyn Alden provides a measured perspective on how to
think about Bitcoin and encourages everyone to go back to the basics
and truly understand what Bitcoin is about and where it fits in the
global monetary system. 

 WHY MEXC IS LOOKING DICEY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Glimmerycoin/status/1716507489011728859?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Numerous reports are accusing MEXC of confiscating funds without
explanation, causing concerns over MEXCâ€™s transparency, or lack
thereof. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0838098e-731a-11ee-b8cb-e1e6b5883dfd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698235220&t=1698235414&s=5fbd283b85a39622e341df72f91c43ae5c9b174fcfa990797dac2a49856db48f].


Â 