# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-10-2023

A mistaken tweet announcing the approval of BlackRocks Bitcoin ETF
application by the SEC caused Bitcoin to pump to nearly $30k¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0fb79480-6ccc-11ee-84cb-91edbc908863&pt=campaign&t=1697544203&s=f78bf38f0d01e132bb07eafd1235e579363084493b2f87de6a10fbcec98807f2]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-10-17

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 FAKE BITCOIN ETF REPORT TRIGGERS PRICE JUMP TO $30K, $100M WAVE OF
LIQUIDATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bitcoin-etf-report-price-jump?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 A mistaken tweet announcing the approval of BlackRock's Bitcoin ETF
application by the SEC caused Bitcoin to pump to nearly $30k, leading
to significant market volatility and over $100 million in
liquidations. Sources confirmed the original tweet was false; in fact,
BlackRock's application remains under review, with a decision expected
no earlier than January. After the rumor was dispelled, Bitcoin gave
back some of its gains and settled around $28k. 

 UNISWAP TO CHARGE 0.15% SWAP FEE ON WEBSITE AND WALLET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/uniswap-to-charge-0-15-swap-fee-on-website-and-wallet?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 As part of its efforts to develop a sustainable business model and
expand crypto and DeFi solutions, Uniswap Labs will begin charging a
0.15% transaction fee on swaps on specific tokens, including ETH,
USDC, WETH, USDT, and DAI. Focusing on the most highly traded tokens,
this initiative does not impact UNI tokenholders or the Uniswap
Protocol fee switch but has been met with mixed responses in the
market. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 FIDELITY DIGITAL ASSETS BECOMES FIRST ENTERPRISE CLIENT OF EY'S
BLOCKCHAIN TOOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/256709/fidelity-digital-assets-becomes-first-enterprise-client-of-ey-blockchain-tool?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Fidelity Digital Assets will use EY's Blockchain Analyzer:
Reconciler, a tool for querying on-chain data for risk management.
This marks EY's first enterprise client for the product, designed to
help organizations better manage implemented risk procedures. Fidelity
will deploy the tool's features, such as transaction inaccuracy
identification and wallet balance checks, to help ensure a secure and
transparent trading environment. 

 MANTA DROPS OP STACK FOR POLYGON CDK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/manta-ditches-op-stack?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Manta Pacific plans to move from an optimistic rollup to a
zero-knowledge Ethereum Virtual Machine on zkEVM using Polygon's Chain
Development Kit. The move will enhance security while ensuring faster
transaction speeds, with zk proofs reaching finality in just seconds
or minutes as opposed to days. Furthermore, Polygon's CDK will allow
for a modular design, which Manta Pacific plans to utilize for
enhanced user experience, including the addition of Celestia for
reduced gas fees. 

üíª 

GUIDES & RESOURCES

 ON CENTRALIZATION THROUGH LIDO (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/yuxiao_deng/status/1713953118998970421?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Lido's dominance in ETH staking is raising concerns over governance
attacks and potential overcentralization. To mitigate risks, Lido is
discussing adding more node operators. Also, new EIPs can increase
safety for staking. Other liquid staking protocols, such as Rocket
Pool and Frax Finance, are stepping up their decentralization efforts
as well. In addition to these efforts, home staking is set to increase
as restaking and decentralized staking solutions evolve, which will
naturally help with decentralization. 

 PENDLE DEEP DIVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jake_pahor/status/1713812045861405179?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 This thread lays out how crypto protocol Pendle intends to introduce
the $400 trillion traditional finance interest derivatives market to
DeFi. Its products cater to the management of yield and liquidity
provisions and offer multi-chain operations. Riding the recent inflow
into RWAs, Pendle‚Äôs TVL has increased to $164 million, and it has
further potential as this trend continues, despite potential risks
such as smart contract vulnerabilities and third-party protocol
interactions. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ETHEREUM, TO BE, OR NOT TO BE (ALIGNED)? (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://hackmd.io/@abdelhamid/ethereum-alignment?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Unpacking the concept of Ethereum alignment, this author presents
their personal journey through aligning with Bitcoin and then Ethereum
as Minimalist. They define Ethereum's mission as providing social
functions with integrity via an "unstoppable" platform and emphasize
the importance of aligning with this mission via cultural, technical,
and economic principles. The author concludes by addressing the
paradox of trust in a trust-minimized system and his commitment to
Ethereum's mission. 

 ASIA EMERGES AS A PROMISING HAVEN AMID THE CRYPTO WINTER (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/15/asia-crypto-winter/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Despite regulatory concerns in the US, crypto projects and companies
are shifting their focus towards Asia due to more favorable policies,
growing crypto adoption, and investment possibilities. For instance,
Hong Kong's legalization of crypto trading and Singapore's
clarification around stablecoin regulations resulted in increased
interest. Notable US companies, including Coinbase and Gemini, are
planning or beginning to hire talent in Asia, seeing the region's
diverse market opportunities in tokenomics, gaming, and NFTs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 US GOVERNMENT AMONG LARGEST BITCOIN HODLERS WITH OVER $5B IN BTC (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitcoin-us-government-largest-bitcoin-hodlers-5b-in-btc-report?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 The US government holds approximately 194,188 BTC worth $5.3 billion.
These holdings were largely derived from the three major BTC seizures
since 2020. 

 LARRY FINK CALLS CRYPTO A FLIGHT TO QUALITY (30 SECOND VIDEO)
[https://x.com/DocumentingBTC/status/1714013923731538114?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 Larry Fink mentioned crypto in the same breath as treasuries and gold
as a ‚Äúflight to quality‚Äù asset while addressing the false reports
about the iShares Bitcoin ETF being approved on CNBC. 

 FTX DEBTORS ANNOUNCE SETTLEMENT OF CUSTOMER PROPERTY DISPUTES (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ftx-debtors-announce-settlement-of-customer-property-disputes-301958144.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 FTX is proposing a settlement for customer property disputes in its
ongoing Chapter 11 cases. If approved, customers may receive over 90%
of distributable value worldwide by mid-2024. 

 HONG KONG-BASED CRYPTO EXCHANGE OSL'S OWNER WEIGHING SALE AT $128M
VALUATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/10/16/hong-kong-based-crypto-exchange-osls-owner-weighing-sale-at-128m-valuation-bloomberg/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


 BC Technology Group is considering selling its crypto exchange OSL,
valued at $128 million. It might sell parts of OSL instead of the
entire entity. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=0fb79480-6ccc-11ee-84cb-91edbc908863&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697544019&t=1697544203&s=f28b0163ec8a4500af44ae30705327d5d9a5229049c2152cab747c82a63b573d].