# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-09-2023

The Mixin Network, a crypto project offering a wallet for cross-chain
asset transfers and a decentralized exchange, was hackedÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=43c20772-5c52-11ee-9e25-dd484165e7b5&pt=campaign&t=1695729889&s=e7e860cc39a8789076514c3a2d26336a2f38e73add61f8b45c4ef317e61e88e8]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Kraken] [https://bit.ly/48sHcB5]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-26

THE ONE-STOP DESTINATION FOR ADVANCED CRYPTO TRADERS (SPONSOR)
[https://bit.ly/48sHcB5]

Kraken Pro [https://bit.ly/48sHcB5] is an all-in-one powerful
interface for buying, selling and trading crypto.
See real time performance, find advanced charting tools, and trade
with confidence.

ðŸ”³Â Deep liquidity â€” spreads as tight as 1 pip.

ðŸ”³Â World class security â€” Krakenâ€™s team sets security standards
for the industry.

ðŸ”³Â Dedicated support â€” 24/7/365 live chat, call, or email.

So go on, head to Kraken and trade like a pro.
[https://bit.ly/48sHcB5]

_Not investment advice. Some crypto products and markets are
unregulated. The unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can
lead to loss of funds and profits may be subject to capital gains
tax._[Advertisement]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TENSION RISES BETWEEN COINBASE AND SEC OVER CELSIUS BANKRUPTCY PLAN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/252857/tension-rises-between-coinbase-and-sec-over-celsius-bankruptcy-plan?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In the midst of a suit between the two entities, the SEC is now
scrutinizing Coinbase's role in Celsiusâ€™ bankruptcy plan. The SEC
argues that Coinbase's services in the process go beyond being a
distribution agent to offering brokerage and trading services. This
raises issues that reflect those outlined in the SEC's lawsuit against
Coinbase for allegedly operating as an unregistered broker violating
federal securities laws. 

MIXIN PLATFORM SUSPENDS DEPOSITS, WITHDRAWALS AFTER $200M SECURITY
BREACH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/198568/mixin-platform-suspends-deposits-withdrawals-200m-security-breach?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Mixin Network, a crypto project offering a wallet for cross-chain
asset transfers and a decentralized exchange, was hacked, exposing up
to $200m in potential losses. Deposit and withdrawal services were
suspended to stop any bad actors from acting on the exploit. The
incident is being investigated with assistance from Google and
SlowMist. It has raised questions about the network's centralization,
specifically around its reliance on its cloud service provider. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SOLANA DEPIN PROJECTS AIM TO TAKE GIG ECONOMY TO NEXT LEVEL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/252775/solana-depin-projects-gig-economy-next-level?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Decentralized Physical Infrastructure Networks have the potential to
revolutionize traditional infrastructure models. Solana Foundation
DePIN lead Kuleen Nimkar compares them to the gig economy. The Solana
projects Hivemapper, Render, and Helium show potential, offering
opportunities for additional income by contributing hardware to DePIN
protocols. Nimkar believes Solana will be the "default choice" for
such projects due to its low transaction cost and scalability. This
has already been proven somewhat as Helium previously transitioned
from its own chain to building on top of Solana. 

RUNES: FUNGIBLE TOKEN PROTOCOL IDEA FOR BITCOIN FROM THE CREATOR OF
ORDINALS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://rodarmor.com/blog/runes/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

In this post, Rod Armor, the creator of the Ordinals protocol, lays
out an idea for a new fungible token protocol for Bitcoin. While he
thinks most fungible tokens are either scams or memes and can be
harmful to users and speculators, he concedes that there is no
stopping them, much like gambling or casinos. In light of this, he
proposes a simple fungible token protocol that could potentially bring
significant transaction fee revenue, developer mindshare, and users to
Bitcoin. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TOKENIZATION IS RE-SHAPING BANKING AND PRIVATE EQUITY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/ramahluwalia/status/1706037133255778718?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This post explains how tokenization is altering the role of banks and
private equity, with private markets shifting to digital platforms.
Banks are lending to PE firms, which are gradually assuming bank
lending functions. This development is causing a significant change in
the operation of credit markets. Companies like Apollo, KKR, and
Wellington are adopting tokenization, allowing private equity funds to
start to resemble banks. Shadow banking is mimicking traditional
banking systems through tokenization, replicating their functions. 

BITWISE SPOT BITCOIN ETF UPDATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Matt_Hougan/status/1706299462765982110?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The NYSE has filed an amended application to list the Bitwise Bitcoin
ETF Trust, which includes over 40 pages of new research from Bitwise.
This research aims to confront the key concerns the SEC has regarding
spot bitcoin ETFs. Bitwise continues to develop innovative research
supporting their bitcoin ETF filings, arguing that the CME futures
market impacts price discovery in the bitcoin market. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MICHAEL SAYLOR'S MICROSTRATEGY BUYS 5,445 MORE BITCOIN FOR $147.3
MILLION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://bitcoinmagazine.com/business/michael-saylors-microstrategy-buys-5445-bitcoin-147-3-million?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

MicroStrategy has increased its bitcoin holdings by purchasing an
additional 5,445 BTC at an average price of around $27,053. The latest
acquisition, valued at around $147.3m, boosts the company's total
bitcoin holdings to a total of 158,245 BTC or 0.7% of the total
Bitcoin supply. 

WHY MAPLE IS DITCHING UNDER-COLLATERALISED LENDING: â€˜NO ONEâ€™S
PROFITABLEâ€™ (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/crypto-lender-maple-ditches-under-collateralised-lending/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Maple Finance, a crypto lending protocol, has mostly switched from
under-collateralized to over-collateralized loans due to the extended
bear market impacting the creditworthiness of borrowers. As a result,
only 10% of outstanding loans on the platform are
under-collateralized. Despite a significant loan default in December
2022, the platform's value has slowly risen due to offering
underwritten loans and access to US Treasury yields. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

COMPARING ETHEREUM TO OTHER SOFTWARE PLATFORMS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://x.com/pythianism/status/1706373977944289470?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

7 years since its inception, Ethereum has hit $10 billion in all time
revenue. The only software platform that has hit this milestone more
quickly is Google. Ethereum narrowly edged out Facebookâ€™s time to
hit it. 

HUOBI IS PROBABLY INSOLVENT AGAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/adamscochran/status/1706329246778413559?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Huobi may be insolvent as there are discrepancies between its ETH and
USDT holdings. Justin Sun is being accused of manipulating stUSDT to
prop up JustLend and amassing a $2.4 billion debt across Huobi and
Tron. 

BERNSTEIN ANALYSTS EYE POTENTIAL BITCOIN ETF APPROVAL BY â€˜EARLY
2024â€™ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/bernstein-crypto-fund-management-spot-bitcoin-etf?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article covers Bernsteinâ€™s predictions about how the crypto
fund management industry could grow from $50 billion to $500-650
billion in 5 years, driven by investment products and bitcoin ETFs. 

ARBITRUM TREASURY RICHER BY $59M AS USERS MISS CLAIMS DEADLINE (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/09/25/arbitrum-treasury-richer-by-59m-as-users-miss-claims-deadline/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Arbitrum Foundation transferred 69 million unclaimed ARB tokens
worth $59 million to its treasury after 93% of eligible users claimed
them. The treasury now holds $3 billion in ARB. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=43c20772-5c52-11ee-9e25-dd484165e7b5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695729653&t=1695729889&s=bad6aa64858100155e82c181b6136cd6e508f0cd47e762a815df9851bb6bbdea].