# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-01-2024

The SEC is reportedly likely to notify 14 asset managers as early as
this week regarding the approval status for their Bitcoin ETF
applications  

Sign Up [1]|Hire [2]|Advertise [3]|View Online [4] 

		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2024-01-02

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

 SEC MAY NOTIFY APPROVED ETF ISSUERS BY EARLY NEXT WEEK, AHEAD OF
JANUARY 10 LAUNCH (1 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 The SEC is reportedly likely to notify 14 asset managers as early as
this week regarding the approval status for their respective Bitcoin
ETF applications. This comes in anticipation of the January 10
decision deadline. Approved firms may even be allowed to launch by the
given deadline. 

 BLACKROCK, VALKYRIE NAME AUTHORIZED PARTICIPANTS INCLUDING JPMORGAN
FOR BITCOIN ETF (2 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 BlackRock and Valkyrie, two spot Bitcoin ETF applicants, recently
announced the authorized participants for their ETFs. BlackRock has
chosen Jane Street and J.P. Morgan, whereas Valkyrie will use Jane
Street and Cantor Fitzgerald. The selections caused a bit of a buzz
due to J.P. Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon's recent public opposition to
crypto. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

 PARALLEL LABS TO LAUNCH PARALLEL NETWORK, A LAYER 2 BUILT ON ARBITRUM
ORBIT (3 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Parallel Labs will soon launch the Parallel Network, the first
Arbitrum Orbit chain on mainnet, aiming to effectively consolidate
DeFi and NFT protocols from various chains into one platform. The
system will streamline user experience due to its increased
responsiveness and scalability while maintaining Ethereum's security
standards. The network aims to address liquidity fragmentation, a
common issue with L2s, by creating a unified multi-chain margin
account, enabling a more efficient and user-friendly crypto trading
experience. 

 TINYCHAIN: THE "SMALLEST BLOCKCHAIN IN THE WORLD" (1 MINUTE READ) [8]


 Tinychain is a minimalist blockchain core created in Python. It
allows developers to test various blockchain designs within an
approximately 1,000 line of code framework. It also supports the
implementation of new data availability technology, consensus modules,
gas/payment mechanisms, and VM designs, allowing developers to focus
more on innovation. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

 SOLANA: DELEGATED PROOF-OF-STAKE (DPOS) AND PROOF-OF-HISTORY (POH) (6
MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This article provides an in-depth look at how Solana achieves high
performance through its unique consensus architecture. Solana utilizes
Delegated Proof-of-Stake (DPoS) and a unique mechanism coined
Proof-of-History (PoH) for validating and sequencing transactions. PoH
essentially creates a global clock across nodes reducing discrepancies
and boosting speed, while DPoS relies on stakes for network
governance, making it efficient and incentivizing integrity. This
unique design has been a tailwind, as scalability became one of the
main narratives throughout this bear market. 

 FROM 4844 TO DANKSHARDING: A PATH TO SCALING ETHEREUM DA (22 MINUTE
READ) [10] 

 Ethereum's EIP-4844 is set to incrementally scale Ethereum's data
layer, providing improvements such as blob data, a new resource with
its own independent fee market, and cryptographic components. It also
introduces the Danksharding proposal, which gradually uses
cryptographic and networking components to obtain scalability and
feature-completeness, potentially increasing bandwidth requirements.
This EIP is one of the most highly anticipated upgrades to the
Ethereum network, and many crypto experts are expecting this upgrade
to shift focus and mind share back towards Ethereum L2s. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

 TALE OF TWO CRYPTOS: SPECULATION VS. DECENTRALIZATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[11] 

 This article discusses the continuous prevalence of speculative
investments in the crypto ecosystem, including internet money,
memecoins, and NFTs. This trend is fueled by the broad access and the
potential substantial rewards that crypto offers to ordinary
individuals. While some people see these speculative investments as a
form of entertainment, others view them as an opportunity to jumpstart
their wealth-building journey. Regardless of the goals of users, these
speculative cycles have consistently driven greater adoption of crypto
platforms. This type of speculation will continue to drive growth and
technical progress in the crypto space. 

 MAKE ETHEREUM CYPHERPUNK AGAIN (18 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 This essay from Vitalik Buterin reflects on the early ideals behind
cryptocurrencies and decentralized technology, tracing their
trajectory for creating a more open society and economy. It observes
the shift away from these visions due to rising transaction costs and
the dominance of financial applications. The piece further highlights
advancements like rollups, privacy solutions, and zero-knowledge
proofs that now offer a chance to realign with original goals. Buterin
calls for a balance of incentives and values within the crypto
community to meaningfully implement these technological improvements. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 UPDATED ETHEREUM ROADMAP FROM VITALIK (2 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Vitalik Buterin released a new roadmap for Ethereum, showing few
changes, emphasizing single slot finality in post-Merge PoS, progress
in Surge and Scourge projects, and shifts in priorities like state
expiry and VDFs. 

 SOL SHOTTY (GITHUB REPO) [14] 

 SOL Shotty is a Solana RPC proxy that 'shotgun blasts' RPC requests
to multiple providers, ensuring faster response and reliability, even
if a provider is down. 

 SEI ECOSYSTEM OVERVIEW (1 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 SEI has been surging lately with the narrative of parallelized EVMs
picking up. This thread provides a simple overview of what you can do
on the chain to get a feel for what the ecosystem has to offer. 

 INSCRIPTIONS: A GUIDE FOR THE IDEOLOGICAL MAXI (5 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 The creator of Inscriptions aligns with Bitcoin maximalism but is
critical of its rigidity. They advise against whining about Bitcoin
ordinals and inscriptions and urge people to focus on more impactful
issues. 

WANT THE BEST OF TLDR? 🏆

Refer a friend to TLDR Crypto using the referral link below, and we
will send you the TLDR Hall of Fame, our 50 best stories of all time!

YOUR REFERRAL LINK - https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930 [17]

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE [2]. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US [3]. 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [18] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;ref=2613930
[2] https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[3] https://advertise.tldr.tech?utm_source=tldrcrypto&amp;utm_medium=newsletter
[4] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=7fd28736-a947-11ee-9063-49ce20064d2d&amp;pt=campaign&amp;t=1704200657&amp;s=3012cc7472e629672d780d3d2c54dd99267b863aeb7a91ab20eadc23b98deb2b
[5] https://www.theblock.co/post/269789/sec-may-notify-approved-etf-issuers-by-early-next-week-ahead-of-january-10-launch-reuters?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[6] https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/12/29/blackrock-names-jp-morgan-jane-street-as-authorized-participants-for-bitcoin-etf/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[7] https://mpost.io/parallel-labs-to-launch-parallel-network-a-layer-2-built-on-arbitrum-orbit/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[8] https://tinychainorg.github.io/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[9] https://mirror.xyz/0x7b4e288286887374A7E4E6F3d75D4617758c9bE4/1VS0yLDMCPDBJ_fKiAFkwEnZicutEFWah-ZexOI-HNU?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[10] https://ethresear.ch/t/from-4844-to-danksharding-a-path-to-scaling-ethereum-da/18046?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[11] https://jessewalden.com/tale-of-two-cryptos-speculation-vs-decentralization/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[12] https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/12/28/cypherpunk.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[13] https://x.com/VitalikButerin/status/1741190491578810445?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[14] https://github.com/trustless-engineering/sol-shotty?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[15] https://twitter.com/DefiIgnas/status/1741881672335835241?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[16] https://rodarmor.com/blog/inscriptions-a-guide-for-the-ideological-maxi/?utm_source=tldrcrypto
[17] https://tldr.tech/crypto?ref=2613930
[18] https://twitter.com/plutus_nft
[19] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&amp;l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&amp;lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&amp;p=7fd28736-a947-11ee-9063-49ce20064d2d&amp;pt=campaign&amp;pv=4&amp;spa=1704200478&amp;t=1704200657&amp;s=0fa74dc608fc134976d4c1036f4b1d4cf14f4257cd0ccf2e9afb930a77d98fbb