# Articles TLDR Crypto 18-05-2023

Tether is planning to allocate up to 15% of its net realized operating
profits toward purchasing Bitcoin monthly  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=989509f4-f544-11ed-9c46-2dcd85a58de6&pt=campaign&t=1684411759&s=ee9700a5b679a59735866c7a9fe227f1da6cc369cd6231057d723bdcd25e4047]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-18

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

TETHER TO FURTHER STRENGTHEN RESERVES THROUGH PURCHASE OF BITCOIN WITH
REALIZED NET OPERATING PROFITS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://tether.to/en/tether-to-further-strengthen-reserves-through-purchase-of-bitcoin-with-realized-net-operating-profits/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Tether is planning to allocate up to 15% of its net realized operating
profits toward purchasing Bitcoin monthly. The move is aimed at
strengthening and diversifying its reserves portfolio. The strategy
will only consider tangible gains from operations, excluding
unrealized capital gains from price increases. Tether's investment in
BTC aligns with its belief in BTC's growth potential and its
decentralized nature. Tether will also invest in building peer-to-peer
communication, energy, and Bitcoin mining infrastructure. While this
may be perceived as risky given the volatility of the price of BTC,
the Company emphasizes adherence to stringent risk management
practices to maintain the stability of USDT. 

RIPPLE SPLASHES $250 MILLION ON METACO ACQUISITION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/231140/ripples-acquires-metaco?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ripple, a cryptocurrency company, has acquired Swiss crypto custody
startup Metaco for $250 million. The purchase indicates Ripple's
expansion into crypto custody services for institutional investors.
Despite being embroiled in a long-standing legal dispute with the SEC,
Ripple's move signals its intent to keep moving forward and offering
tools for custody, issuance, and settlement of tokenized assets. While
Ripple acquired 100% of Metaco, which operates in various global
markets, Metaco will continue to function as an independent brand. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

RETHINK DIGITAL TRANSACTIONS WITH ACCOUNT ABSTRACTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658710465105788928.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Visa is investigating two use cases enabled by ERC-4337, focusing on
Paymaster contracts to enhance customer experiences with on-chain
interactions. Paymaster contracts allow users to pay transaction fees
with tokens other than ETH, such as stablecoins, CBDCs, or other
ERC-20s. Visa is also considering a model where transaction fees are
entirely sponsored, allowing applications to pay transaction fees for
users instead of burdening them with an extra expense. Despite
Ethereum's popularity, transaction counts on Visa’s network dwarf
anything seen on Ethereum, even in peak usage. Innovations like these
help make Ethereum more accessible to the general population, another
step toward onboarding the masses. 

SINGAPOREANS EMBRACE CRYPTO: COINBASE LAUNCHES USDC TRADING WITH LOCAL
INSIGHTS AND NO FEES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/singaporeans-embrace-crypto-coinbase-launches-usdc-trading-with-local#SingaporeanCryptoWave?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase is launching updates in Singapore that include zero-fee
Singapore dollar purchases of USDC, USDC holding rewards, advanced
trading USDC order books, and staking for several cryptocurrencies.
Singapore is one of the main global crypto hubs with a large base of
both users and companies based in the region. With this strong
foundation of crypto activity in the region, this expansion aligns
with Coinbase’s other recent overseas endeavors. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BUILDING A DISCORD NOTIFICATION BOT WITH ALCHEMY'S NOTIFICATIONS
WEBHOOK (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://docs.alchemy.com/docs/building-a-discord-notification-bot-with-alchemy-notifications-webhook?utm_soucr=tldr_crypto]


The guide outlines how to create a Discord bot that monitors
blockchain events and sends alerts to a server using Alchemy, Python,
and Replit. The process involves creating an Alchemy project,
understanding and tracking a specific blockchain event, configuring
Alchemy's notifications webhook, setting up a Python bot on Replit,
and configuring a Discord bot. The bot is able to interpret and
process raw event data, allowing it to send real-time updates on
specific activities such as token transfers on-chain. The guide helps
developers understand blockchain data, particularly smart contract
function calls and their resulting event logs, for accurate event
monitoring. 

WEB3 SOCIAL MEDIA UNDER THE LENS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://variant.fund/articles/web3-social-media-under-the-lens/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Web3 social networks, utilizing blockchain tech and tokenization,
offer a new realm of decentralized social interaction that prioritizes
user control over data and content. The Lens Protocol, a web3 social
graph, is one of the most popular decentralized social networks at the
moment. The protocol is platformless, offering users content ownership
and censorship resistance, and data portability, enabling direct
relationships between creators and users. It's also composable,
letting developers build atop existing protocols. Lens is a great
example of how web3 social differs from web2 social, as not even its
founder is able to censor interactions on the platform. Web3 social,
however, is only really just an experiment at this point and many
challenges stand in the way of it rivaling traditional social media
platforms, including bot activity, spam (i.e. "network pollution"),
and overcoming the network effects of the incumbents. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

PROPOSAL FOR $LDO STAKING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://research.lido.fi/t/proposal-introducing-ldo-staking/4636?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Lido DAO, the popular DeFI protocol, is considering a proposal that
aims to add utility to $LDO tokens. The proposal suggests implementing
a $LDO staking module and buyback program, enabling token holders to
stake $LDO in exchange for a share of Lido DAO revenue. This mechanism
would allow all $LDO holders to benefit from the protocol's revenue,
which would be redistributed as $LDO tokens on a weekly basis. 

APPLE ALLOWS AXIE INFINITY CRYPTO GAME ON THE APP STORE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/231119/axie-infinity-origins-crypto-game-apple-app-store?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Sky Mavis, the company behind the play-to-earn game Axie Infinity, has
announced the release of its new version, 'Axie Infinity: Origins', on
Apple’s App Store in select Latin American and Southeast Asian
countries. The fact that Apple approved this even in some
jurisdictions marks a significant step towards wider adoption of web3
gaming. Apple's policy on in-app NFT purchases remains a challenge, so
this version of the game equips users with non-NFT starter characters.
Axie Infinity gained fame during the pandemic, amassing over 1.5
million downloads and becoming the first widely adopted web3 game in
the world. The game faced a setback in 2022, however, when North
Korean hackers stole over half a billion dollars from the platform.
This, along with a brutal bear market has resulted in a significant
dropoff in users and activity since. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

GRAYSCALE SHARES UPDATE REGARDING GRAYSCALE FILECOIN TRUST
REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM 10 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/17/2671509/0/en/Grayscale-Investments-Shares-Update-Regarding-Grayscale-Filecoin-Trust-Registration-Statement-on-Form-10.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Grayscale Investments is contesting the SEC's view that the asset
underlying its Filecoin Trust, FIL, qualifies as a security, impacting
the trust's registration statement. 

COINBASE’S BASE LAUNCHES SELF-PACED LEARNING PROGRAM FOR SMART
CONTRACT DEVELOPMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658845417927311362.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Base Camp is a self-paced program teaching smart contract development
to empower developers and crypto enthusiasts, with unique NFT badges
awarded as they progress. 

CONTRACT DIFF TOOL (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/x48115/contract-diff-tool?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The Contract Diff Tool is a multi-chain tool that allows for the
comparison of contracts across around 300 chains. It offers automatic
source code fetching, multifile support, formatting, and diff
summaries. 

THE PROMISE OF CRYPTO HAS NOT LIVED UP TO ITS INITIAL EXCITEMENT (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/U4xR9?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

This article from The Economist points to the deflated crypto market
as “proof” that the technology hasn’t lived up to its hype.
However, it points out some of the bright spots in the space, such as
optimism in regions like Dubai and other regions where inflation is
high or cross-border payments are difficult. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=989509f4-f544-11ed-9c46-2dcd85a58de6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684411233&t=1684411759&s=0225d31438a7c553749dea44088f7ab56ff4066fadcc3f6f204863a66a32bca0].


 