# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-01-2023

Ethereum core developers on Monday announced the successful deployment
of the first mainnet shadow fork to test the ETH staking withdrawal
mechanism.Â  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto/signup?utm_source=tldrcrypto] | View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4845ad0e-9bd1-11ed-8c4f-95467fc2f4b3&pt=campaign&t=1674565579&s=466d4ba1238abbffe7b9a0ed9ec17d23740a14aeb4d0b6637382d0a0039f8934]
| Sponsor [https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-01-24

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO EXCHANGE GEMINI CUTTING ANOTHER 10% OF STAFF (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/23/crypto-exchange-gemini-cutting-another-10-of-staff-report/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Gemini is laying off 10% of its staff in its third round of layoffs
since June. The exchange is unable to pay out funds to its Earn
account holders due to Genesis Global Capital's bankruptcy. Gemini
started 2022 with a headcount of 1,100 and ended the year with under
700 staff. An estimated 27,000 jobs have been lost across the crypto
industry since April last year. 

UNISWAP POLL SHOWS 80% SUPPORT DECENTRALIZED CRYPTO EXCHANGE'S MOVE TO
BNB CHAIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/23/uniswap-poll-shows-80-support-decentralized-crypto-exchanges-move-to-bnb-chain/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


80% of UNI token holders voted in favor of moving the Uniswap V3
protocol to the BNB Chain in a temperature check vote. The BNB Chain
has a large and growing user base, high transaction speeds, and low
fees, making it a suitable platform for Uniswap's services. It offers
unique features that could enhance the DEX's functionality. A final
proposal will be presented in the coming weeks. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ETHEREUM SHANGHAI MAINNET SHADOW FORK GOES LIVE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/119851/ethereum-shanghai-mainnet-shadow-fork-goes-live?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Ethereum core developers on Monday announced the successful deployment
of the first mainnet shadow fork to test the ETH staking withdrawal
mechanism. The Shanghai upgrade, expected to launch in March, will
introduce staked ETH withdrawals to Ethereum. There is almost $26.5
billion worth of staked ETH. The Shanghai update was originally
expected to include other updates, but these were postponed in favor
of prioritizing withdrawals. 

TERRA LENDING PROTOCOL MARS TO LAUNCH MAINNET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/terra-lending-protocol-mars-to-launch-mainnet?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Mars Hub will launch an independent Cosmos application chain on
January 31. It will issue MARS tokens to users who held the token
during two snapshots of Terra Classic. 50 million MARS tokens will be
delegated to genesis validators at launch and returned to the
community pool a month later to help protect the network from rogue
validators. The Mars Hub mainnet will go live with 16 genesis
validators, with an additional 34 slots for permissionless validators
available post-launch. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

EIGENLAYER | WHAT IS IT? (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://mazii08.substack.com/p/eigenlayer-what-is-it?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


This article looks at Eigenlayer and its pros and cons, current
applications, and future. Eigenlayer is an infrastructure for staked
ETH to be re-staked to other middleware/blockchains/protocols. This
allows these middleware/blockchains/protocols to leverage Ethereum's
security and trust layer. Eigenlayer will increase security,
sovereignty, and scalability across the blockchain ecosystem as a
whole. 

WHAT TO DO WHEN BANKS STOP FIAT WITHDRAWALS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://defieducation.substack.com/p/what-to-do-when-banks-stop-fiat-withdrawals?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=384818&post_id=98383737&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Binance users will soon be unable to send or receive USD SWIFT wire
transfers for amounts of less than $100,000 as Signature Bank, one of
Binance's banking partners, wants to decrease its exposure to crypto.
Banks have restricted crypto transactions and suspended accounts that
have interacted with exchanges in the past. This article teaches
readers how to use the Bisq Network DEX to trade between crypto and
fiat peer-to-peer. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AFTER FTX: HOW CONGRESS IS GEARING UP TO REGULATE CRYPTO (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/01/23/after-ftx-how-congress-is-gearing-up-to-regulate-crypto/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The 118th US Congress will potentially see US lawmakers shape how
virtual assets are used around the world. While the crypto industry is
finally getting the priority status it wanted, FTX's fraud and other
events have put the industry in a bad light. Crypto is now an
unavoidable topic for members of Congress. There is a possibility of a
stablecoin bill in the latter part of 2023. 

DEFI CREDIT RATES - IPOR (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://degensensei.substack.com/p/defi-credit-rates-ipor?utm_source=post-email-title&publication_id=831809&post_id=97366723&isFreemail=true&utm_medium=email?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


One of the largest markets in the finance industry is Interest Rate
Swaps, which accounts for roughly $600 trillion. An interest rate swap
is an agreement between two parties to exchange one stream of interest
payments for another over a set period of time. This market has been
largely untested by DeFi protocols as they can't easily be translated
on-chain. Inter Protocol Over-block Rate (IPOR) is a DeFi protocol
that aims to provide a benchmark lending interest rate on-chain. This
article introduces IPOR and explains how it plans to become the
foundation of the DeFi credit market. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

WEB3 SOCIAL WALLET TRIBES LAUNCHES WITH $3.3M IN FUNDING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/01/23/web3-social-wallet-tribes-launches-with-33m-in-funding/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Tribes is a web3-native messaging and group wallet app. 

INDIAN GOVERNMENT LAUNCHES BLOCKCHAIN INITIATIVE WITH 5IRE, NETWORK
CAPITAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/01/23/indian-government-launches-blockchain-initiative-with-5ire-network-capital/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


The Indian Government has launched an educational blockchain module in
more than 10,000 schools in India. 

MAKERDAO APPROVES DEPLOYMENT OF $100M USDC ON DEFI PROTOCOL YEARN
FINANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/01/23/makerdao-approves-deployment-of-100m-usdc-on-defi-protocol-yearn-finance/?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


Maker will open an individual non-custodial vault on Yearn with a
ceiling set at $100 million to deposit USDC from its 'peg stability
module'. 

ANNOTATED: SAM BANKMAN-FRIED'S "FTX PRE-MORTEM OVERVIEW" (1 HOUR READ)
[https://www.mollywhite.net/annotations/sbf-ftx-pre-mortem-overview?utm_source=tldrnewsletter]


An analysis of Sam Bankman-Fried's blog posts. 

If your company would like to sponsor TLDR Crypto, please take a look
at our sponsor page here.
[https://tldr.tech/crypto/sponsor?utm_source=tldrcrypto] 

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4845ad0e-9bd1-11ed-8c4f-95467fc2f4b3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1674565239&t=1674565579&s=d7578f01d600a2ce84a3ab2970d9f653a4f1dfef24b4868eed20cafd76961fdd].


Â 