# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-05-2023

Crypto venture firm Paradigm is apparently transitioning from
exclusively investing in cryptocurrency and expanding to other
burgeoning fields like AIÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4a91a072-fb99-11ed-badd-c779cef73955&pt=campaign&t=1685103150&s=756bc8b65f8240211862a55b9d799ff48cf8408392d2b56eb8d2ad7829750ff8]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-26

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

PARADIGM BROADENING CRYPTO-ONLY FOCUS TO AREAS INCLUDING AI (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232247/crypto-vc-paradigm-ai?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto venture firm Paradigm is apparently transitioning from
exclusively investing in cryptocurrency and expanding to other
burgeoning fields like AI. This comes amid regulatory scrutiny across
the industry, blow-ups of some of the biggest companies in the
ecosystem, and macro concerns that have weighed on the space. The firm
maintains that it is committed to crypto and web3, but is expanding
its reach. The company, which had a significant investment in the
collapsed FTX exchange, still has dozens of crypto-related firms in
its portfolio. 

OPENAI CEO RAISES $115M FOR CRYPTO COMPANY THAT SCANS PEOPLEâ€™S
EYEBALLS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/05/openai-ceo-raises-115m-for-crypto-company-that-scans-peoples-eyeballs/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Worldcoin, Sam Altmanâ€™s crypto startup, is making waves again with
$115 million in Series C funding led by Blockchain Capital, Andreessen
Horowitz's crypto fund, Bain Capital Crypto, and Distributed Global.
The company uses an 'Orb' device to scan users' irises to verify
unique identities, which then allows users to earn Worldcoin tokens
and potentially some BTC and ETH. In addition to the Orb, the company
also has the World App, a mobile wallet that can be used whether or
not someone has verified via the Orb scanner. Critics have raised
privacy and security concerns, but Worldcoin insists that the only
data leaving the Orb is an iris code to validate uniqueness and no
personal data is sold. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

CICADA: PRIVATE ON-CHAIN VOTING USING TIME-LOCK PUZZLES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/a16z/cicada?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Cicada is a new, open-source Solidity library designed for private
on-chain voting on Ethereum. This system leverages time-lock puzzles
and zk proofs to maintain voting privacy. Current on-chain voting
systems are vulnerable to manipulation due to lack of privacy, but
Cicada aims to mitigate this risk by offering running tally privacy,
ensuring vote counts remain confidential until the voting period
concludes. The tool also provides a framework that can be combined
with anonymous voter eligibility protocols to enhance ballot privacy. 

ARK: A SECOND LAYER PROTOCOL FOR MAKING CHEAP, ANONYMOUS, OFF-CHAIN
BITCOIN PAYMENTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://burakkeceli.medium.com/introducing-ark-6f87ae45e272?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ark is a new L2 protocol for Bitcoin, designed to facilitate
affordable, anonymous, off-chain transactions. Created by a critic of
Lightning, Ark addresses some of Lightning's limitations including
inbound liquidity, asynchrony in receiving payments, and on-chain
footprints. The protocol uses an intermediary, the Ark Service
Provider (ASP), to support liquidity without jeopardizing users'
control over their funds. Ark features unilateral exit capability,
virtual UTXOs, rapid settlement, and advanced privacy, utilizing
coinjoin for every transaction. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TRYING TO QUALIFY FOR A GRAVITA AIRDROP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661731771157979139.html] 

Gravita, a fork of the Liquity protocol, has introduced a new
stablecoin, leading to speculation about a future airdrop. To maximize
your potential airdrop eligibility, you can follow these steps: mint
Gravita's Debt Tokens, contribute to the protocol's stability pool,
and provide liquidity for GRAI on Uniswap. As a little background on
the protocol, Gravita is seeking to overcome limitations of Liquity,
accepting bLUSD and LSDs as collateral. 

THE HITCHHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE AUTONOMOUS WORLD (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661776576630099970.html] 

This thread explains the concept of "The Autonomous World" and
explores the creation of decentralized on-chain games, where rules and
game states are built and managed on-chain. Advantages of these types
of games include enhanced composability, asset ownership verification,
and player-influenced development. However, some challenges persist,
such as a lack of frameworks and scalability concerns. The goal of
most of the on-chain game development going on right now is to push
the boundaries of what is possible, experimenting with novel
technologies like sharded rollups, zk proofs, and more. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ARRINGTON-LED GROUP WINS RIGHTS TO MANAGE CELSIUS ASSETS (2 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.ph/wsDsL?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Celsius, the now defunct crypto lending platform, is set to relaunch
under new management after Fahrenheit LLC, led by investment firm
Arrington Capital, who won the bid to manage Celsius's assets. The
Fahrenheit consortium will provide resources to revive the company,
which will be owned by Celsius's creditors, and in return, the
Fahrenheit team will earn an annual $35 million management fee. 

BINANCE ENTERS NFT LENDING SPACE, STARTING WITH ETH LOANS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232178/binance-nft-loan-eth?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Binance is getting in on the NFT lending game on its marketplace,
enabling users to borrow ETH using NFTs as collateral. The lending
service supports some of the more well-known collections like Bored
Apes and Mutant Apes, Azukis, and Doodles. The interest rate is
currently 7.9% with a loan-to-value ratio between 40% and 60%. This
move follows the recent launch and success of Blend, a lending
protocol by Blur that has now captured 82% of the NFT lending market
share. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

MULTICHAIN EXPOSURE AFTER â€˜FORCE MAJEUREâ€™ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661489464798072832.html] 

Yesterday, rumors were swirling about strange activity from Mutichain
after a â€˜Force Majeureâ€™. This prompted traders to assess what kind
of exposure different protocols had, and Fantom stuck out with $650m
of its TVL and $458m of its stablecoin ecosystem exposed. 

RIPPLE PRESIDENT EXPLAINS WHY THE COMPANY ACQUIRED A STAKE IN CRYPTO
EXCHANGE BITSTAMP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232223/ripple-bitstamp-pantera-galaxy-digital?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ripple recently acquired an undisclosed stake in Bitstamp with a
stated goal of expanding its global presence and diversifying beyond
payments. This news comes, however, as Ripple continues to face a
legal dispute with the SEC. 

DIGITAL CURRENCY GROUP CLOSES TRADEBLOCK INSTITUTIONAL TRADING
PLATFORM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/Pjx0k?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

DCG, already dealing with its bankrupt lending business, is now
shutting down its TradeBlock subsidiary, which offers services to
institutional investors. DCG acquired TradeBlock in 2020 but is now
citing economic and regulatory concerns for the shutdown. 

AN UPDATE ON METAPLEXâ€™S NEW FEE ANNOUNCEMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661763752314961920.html] 

In response to community feedback, Metaplex will not charge fees for
updating, verifying, freezing, and thawing, but fees will still remain
when users mint NFTs. Adjustments will also likely be made if SOL
rises significantly. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=4a91a072-fb99-11ed-badd-c779cef73955&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685102428&t=1685103150&s=cd151631d92e6d934ad385ef8ce7e484a441c5a4e0e101329663faa73b3b84a7].


Â 