# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-05-2023

Binance is reportedly in talks to allow institutional clients to hold
their trading collateral in banks rather than on the platform¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d8826348-ff82-11ed-9663-bd5ac4c430f7&pt=campaign&t=1685535191&s=2dcd75e114162e64ba2eab56cc636a3a5e2a22dddb081fc3eb917da48cd97d0d]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-31

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE EXPLORES LETTING SOME TRADERS KEEP COLLATERAL AT A BANK (3
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/eMVYS?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Binance is reportedly in talks to allow institutional clients to hold
their trading collateral in banks rather than on the platform to
mitigate counterparty risk. This move comes in the wake of concerns
over custody and segregation of assets following the FTX collapse.
Under this arrangement, bank deposits could serve as collateral for
margin trading. Banks that are reported as being involved in the
program include Swiss-based FlowBank and Liechtenstein-based Bank
Frick. This proposal aims to provide clients protection from potential
exchange failures and align with new Asian and European regulatory
standards. 

CFTC RISK WATCHDOG HAS ITS EYE ON CRYPTO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/cftc-risk-watchdog-crypto?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The CFTC issued a notice on Tuesday, warning registered firms and
applicants that might be involved with new crypto products or services
that it will be keeping a close eye on all new products and services
related to cryptocurrencies. The CFTC's Division of Clearing and Risk
is specifically concerned about potential cyber risks, operational
risks, and conflicts of interest. The announcement coincides with
ongoing debates among lawmakers over the suitable regulatory body to
supervise the crypto markets. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BRC-721E TOKEN STANDARD CONVERTS ETHEREUM NFTS TO BITCOIN NFTS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/05/30/brc-721e-token-standard-bridges-ethereum-nfts-to-bitcoin-ordinals/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Bitcoin Miladys, in partnership with Ordinals Market and Xverse, has
introduced a new token standard, BRC-721E, which enables users to
bridge Ethereum-based NFTs to Bitcoin. Ethereum-based NFT holders can
burn their tokens and inscribe them on the Bitcoin network. While the
initial conversion doesn't store metadata on-chain, several options
allow for on-chain previews. Because the standard involves burning the
original ERC-721, it will not be possible to bridge the NFTs from
Bitcoin back to Ethereum. 

FROM GAS TO GOLD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663464490552430593.html] 

Fantom has launched a gas monetization initiative designed to spur
developer adoption. The program offers a 15% kickback on all gas fees
generated by high-quality dApps. The funding comes from a reduction in
the FTM token burn rate from 20% to 5%. To qualify, a dApp must have
completed at least 1 million transactions and been live on Fantom for
a minimum of three months. Since the program's launch just a few days
ago, dApps have already generated over 11,000 FTM in rewards. The
initiative is an interesting approach to increase developer retention
and attempt to build a sustainable network. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

BREAKING DOWN CHINA‚ÄôS WEB3 WHITE PAPER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663458500922712064.html] 

The big news this week was China‚Äôs web3 white paper, which indicated
plans to thoroughly develop web3 tech and embrace concepts like NFTs
and the Metaverse. The government plans to encourage the development
of its own version of web3 through a "whole-of-government" approach,
similar to its Web 2.0 strategy. The paper does not endorse Bitcoin or
Ethereum, but shows a deep understanding of web3 tech. This could be a
signal that while China acknowledges the potential of web3, it may not
lift restrictions on cryptocurrency trading. 

HOW TO USE A MULTISIG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663553367908716546.html] 

This thread gives a brief overview of why and how crypto users should
utilize a multisig. A multisig program relies on multiple private keys
to secure on-chain assets, offering better protection against
compromised keys and reducing single points of failure, compared to
traditional hardware wallets that rely on single seed phrases or keys.
The article suggests a 2-of-3 or 3-of-5 key setup for a balance
between security and transaction convenience, and emphasizes the
importance of using multiple wallets stored on separate devices. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TIKTOK INTEREST IN CRYPTO MEME COINS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coingecko.com/research/publications/tiktok-interest-memecoin?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


During the meme coin mania of the past couple months, interest in the
#memecoin hashtag on TikTok reached an unprecedented high, doubling
its previous peak from the 2021 meme coin cycle. Notably, the recent
rally was led by PEPE and AIDOGE. The #memecoin content garnered 33
million views, primarily from younger viewers aged 18-24. The
countries with the most interest in this content were the US, UK, and
Germany, while Bulgaria showed the highest interest per TikTok's
popularity index. 

WINKLEVOSS TWINS ATTEMPT PIVOT AFTER GEMINI LOSES MONEY AND EMPLOYEES
(12 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/nNgCY?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Gemini, the exchange co-founded by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, has
been facing a series of challenges including regulatory scrutiny,
dwindling market share, and the potential loss of a banking partner.
To make matters worse, a critical loan repayment deadline that could
aid in the recovery of $900 million from the exchange's defunct Earn
product has been missed. As they attempt to navigate the convergence
of these crises, the twins seem to have been eyeing a couple of
different options, such as moving the company overseas and/or
leveraging interest in derivatives trading to get traction in that
market and drive more trading volume. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A WAY TO HOLD USDC WITHOUT THE RISK OF BEING BLACKLISTED (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/PSYTWEAK/status/1663549255234224130] 

This tweet explains how depositing USDC into the largest Uniswap
ETH/USDC pool as one-sided liquidity with an unlikely-to-be-touched
price essentially allows for safe, blacklist-resistant handling of
USDC. 

BIDEN CRYPTO TAXES NOT IN CURRENT US DEBT CEILING DEAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232580/biden-crypto-taxes-not-in-current-us-debt-ceiling-deal?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The US debt ceiling deal won't include the previously proposed 30% tax
on crypto mining energy usage or the application of wash trading tax
rules to digital assets. 

NANSEN CUTS HEADCOUNT BY 30% (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/ASvanevik/status/1663565127357177861] 

Nansen announced yesterday that it has made the decision to lay off
30% of its staff. With a leaner team, Nansen will be reducing its
product surface area and creating more runway for the company. 

THE FREEDOM TO INNOVATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://avc.com/2023/05/the-freedom-to-innovate/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


In a time when other venture investors have pivoted to AI, Fred Wilson
from USV wrote a short, spirited article with a good quote for crypto
natives to remember: ‚ÄúWhen they want to shut it down, I say double
down‚Äù. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=d8826348-ff82-11ed-9663-bd5ac4c430f7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685534432&t=1685535191&s=d0440b474438acac84592c36c071adfc124e6abdd0ac9515a163fe91b138c8bd].


¬†