# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-03-2023

Silvergate Bank, a crypto-friendly bank, announced it will
"voluntarily liquidate" its assets and wind down operationsÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=a6a49890-be56-11ed-8945-739984258780&pt=campaign&t=1678367253&s=f874df0cd01226d591360e47d5583bbba7da059e184cc769bf67cd3cd04c735c]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Coindesk]
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensusnft/?utm_campaign=TLDRCrypto_NFTPass&utm_content=c23&utm_medium=marketing&utm_source=TLDRCrypto&utm_term=organic&utm_id=c23]

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-03-09

LAST CHANCE TO JOIN THE MINT! A MULTI-TIERED EVENT, REWARDS AND
GENERATIVE ART EXPERIENCE (SPONSOR)
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensusnft/?utm_campaign=TLDRCrypto_NFTPass&utm_content=c23&utm_medium=marketing&utm_source=TLDRCrypto&utm_term=organic&utm_id=c23]


For the first time, CoinDesk is offering a multi-year access pass to
Consensus
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensusnft/?utm_campaign=TLDRCrypto_NFTPass&utm_content=c23&utm_medium=marketing&utm_source=TLDRCrypto&utm_term=organic&utm_id=c23],
the biggest event in crypto and Web3 â€” as well as randomized perks
and rewards worth $25-$19000.
The three-year Pro pass is paired with a generative art NFT from
notable artist Fahad Karim
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensusnft/?utm_campaign=TLDRCrypto_NFTPass&utm_content=c23&utm_medium=marketing&utm_source=TLDRCrypto&utm_term=organic&utm_id=c23],
along with a layered bonus-reward system for collectors.

The collection mint period ends in 3 days. Connect your wallet now
[https://www.coindesk.com/consensusnft/?utm_campaign=TLDRCrypto_NFTPass&utm_content=c23&utm_medium=marketing&utm_source=TLDRCrypto&utm_term=organic&utm_id=c23]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

CRYPTO BANK SILVERGATE ANNOUNCES 'VOLUNTARY LIQUIDATION' (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/03/08/crypto-bank-silvergate-announces-voluntary-liquidation/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Silvergate Bank, a crypto-friendly bank, announced it will
"voluntarily liquidate" its assets and wind down operations after
announcing it would have to delay filing its annual 10-K report due to
issues with its independent auditors. Under the wind down, all
deposits will be repaid in full, and the bank is exploring ways to
resolve claims and preserve the residual value of its assets,
including its proprietary technology and tax assets. The California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the White House
are monitoring the situation, with the Senate Banking Committee
Chairman urging Congress to take action on crypto issues. Silvergate
had taken out approximately $4.3 billion in federal loans and will
suspend its Silvergate Exchange Network (SEN). It appears to be the
first major bank collapse since October 2020, and possibly the largest
bank to fail since 2009. 

CRYPTO EXCHANGE GEMINI DENIES JPMORGAN CHASE ENDED BANKING
RELATIONSHIP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pymnts.com/cryptocurrency/2023/crypto-exchange-gemini-denies-jpmorgan-chase-ended-banking-relationship/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Crypto exchange Gemini has denied reports that J.P. Morgan Chase has
ended their banking relationship, with Gemini saying their
relationship remains intact. This comes as on the same day Silvergate
Capital announced it was voluntarily liquidating its assets and
regulators have told banks to be careful in their dealings with crypto
clients. Gemini has cut ties with Silvergate Capital and is rolling
out a range of products, including Spark Lend and sEtherDAI. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

COINBASE ANNOUNCES WALLET-AS-A-SERVICE. NOW ANY COMPANY CAN SEAMLESSLY
ONBOARD THEIR USERS TO WEB3 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/coinbase-announces-wallet-as-a-service-now-any-company-can-seamlessly?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Coinbase Wallet-as-a-Service (WaaS) has launched and aims to solve the
complex nature of web3 wallets by enabling companies to provide their
users with safe, secure, and easy access to web3 wallets. WaaS uses
multi-party computation (MPC) cryptographic technology for added
security, allowing for self-custody keys to be safe even if a user's
device is compromised. Companies such as Moonray, Floor, tokenproof,
and thirdweb are partnering with Coinbase to use WaaS in creating web3
experiences accessible to everyone. 

CAT IN A BOX - FROM ZERO TO HERO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/nemoventures.eth/z23IWN4TMgOpABq66v53YI_oCj97rfHBiuAlkAFEbbQ?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Cat in a Box is a novel Ethereum-based borrowing/lending protocol
developed by the founders of Alchemix, where users can deposit stETH
and borrow boxETH (a synthetic ETH) with no liquidation penalties, no
interest rates, and enjoy a portion of their LIDO staking yields.
Borrowers give up the yield on their stETH that is locked by debt,
while the yield is redistributed proportionally among the unlocked
stETH. Resolvers can repay a portion of the debt of any vault and
retrieve an equal amount of their collateral, however they need to pay
a fee proportional to the LTV. BoxFEE holders can stake their boxFEE
to earn fees on all stETH yields, and users can burn their boxFEE
against a portion of boxETH backing. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

CAN YOU RUN A PROFITABLE DELTA-NEUTRAL STRATEGY FULLY ON-CHAIN USING
PERPETUALS? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x037b22Bd2ed3dF1e5BB8fBF7FAA2FeAc9DDa22b0/gpJAArQUClh4YzRqcR3K5l7EGKd9IFhy63lBiptivUs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Perpetual exchanges have been gaining a lot of popularity lately, and
understanding how funding rates work is key to taking advantage of
delta-neutral strategies to generate risk-adjusted returns. Strategies
such as cash and carry, where you buy the spot asset and sell the
perpetual future in the same size, and funding rate arbitrage, where
you take a long and short perpetual position across different
exchanges, can be employed. This article walks through the details of
these types of trading strategies and other considerations when
dealing with perpetuals. The article also emphasizes that to maximize
profits and reduce risks, traders must select the right assets and
exchanges, manage leg risks, and consider liquidation and associated
trading costs. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO KAVA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633477242557964288.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread explains Kava Rise, the first L1 to combine the speed and
scalability of Cosmos and the developer support of Ethereum. It also
details the networkâ€™s $165m developer incentive program, which was
originally announced as a $750m fund in March 2022 but has sinced
collapsed to $165m in the bear market. Kava is comprised of two
Co-Chains, with the Kava EVM Co-Chain allowing users access through
MetaMask and the Kava Cosmos Co-Chain using Keplr wallet. The KAVA
ecosystem includes DEXes, yield aggregators and lending protocols,
with $KAVA being the native governance and staking token. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE SWEET SPOT FOR WHAT HAS THE POTENTIAL TO BE THE GOLDEN AGE OF
CRYPTO INVESTING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/0x63F8A82711ECA999D5Cf588d5b7afE4DB673C7ED/uKGz3aVasqygsfxrwdY6baDXrwyPHEDlxP5aVbikxyA?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Brevan Howard Digitalâ€™s Peter Johnson argues that even in the face
of significant regulatory and market-related headwinds, web3 has
become a fundamental technological innovation with growing adoption
across many industries, making now an especially attractive time to
invest in crypto. Web3 technology is being deployed and achieving
significant adoption for non-investment-related use cases such as
digital goods (NFTs) for brands, tech platforms, game studios, and
stablecoin payments. A lot of this innovation and adoption has
occurred over the last 3 years, but valuations have become more
attractive over the last 6-12 months. Johnson asserts that we could be
entering the sweet spot for investing in crypto as weâ€™re coming into
a unique cross-section of innovation, adoption, and valuations that
weâ€™ve not yet seen in the space. 

BITCOIN WHALES HAVE BEEN SWIMMING IN DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2023/03/08/bitcoin-whales-have-been-swimming-in-different-directions/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Whale behavior has been diverging in recent months with smaller whales
(those holding 1,000+ BTC) decreasing holdings by 13% since March 2022
and larger whales (those holding over 10,000 BTC) increasing holdings
34%. Smaller whales have shown a remarkable ability to reduce holdings
when market conditions are unfavorable, while larger whales' size
constrains their ability to react quickly to changing market
conditions. Whales tend to buy when prices are low, spurring price and
overall valuation upturns; however, these smaller whales have been
sending BTC to exchanges recently - a bearish sign. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

MAKERDAO EYES MORE US TREASURY AND BOND INVESTMENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/makerdao-more-us-treasury-bond-investments?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MakerDAO is proposing a plan to increase its investments in US
Treasury and bonds by $750 million to $1.25 billion in a proposal by
Monetalis CEO Allan Pedersen, taking advantage of the current yield
environment and increased revenue. If approved, the asset strategy
will be implemented by Sygnum Bank. 

CFTC HEAD SAYS STABLECOINS ARE IN AGENCY'S JURISDICTION WITHOUT 'CLEAR
DIRECTION FROM CONGRESS' (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/218149/cftc-head-says-stablecoins-are-in-agencys-jurisdiction-without-clear-direction-from-congress?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


CFTC Chair Rostin Behnam has argued that fiat-based stablecoins would
be considered commodities under the current regulatory landscape but
could be classified as a different asset if Congress passes a
comprehensive regulatory law. He has also stated that ether is likely
a commodity, though this view conflicts with the SEC's assessment. 

LIST OF POTENTIAL AIRDROPS THROUGH 2023-2024 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633201243920433152.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread outlines six potential airdrops from large players in the
space, and it provides detailed information about how each airdrop
might be farmed including details about the projects and the amount
those projects have raised. 

IS COINBASE THE INDEX FUND OF CRYPTO? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1633553642358988801.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread argues that Coinbase is the index fund of crypto,
providing users with safety and a way to speculate on the growth of
digital currencies as a whole. While shares have been underperforming,
the Company has a variety of monetization channels, including
stablecoins, staking, trading, and L2s, use cases that span the crypto
ecosystem. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/K4Gdz1?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter#newsletter=crypto].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Dan 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=a6a49890-be56-11ed-8945-739984258780&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1678366832&t=1678367253&s=8d552be6839afe1f0ac96e460f845e4dc9cd244922ec86b110c425c85566449f].


Â 