# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-04-2023

FTXs new management released a report detailing Alamedas control
issues  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/jobs]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=cc955c90-d82f-11ed-a6eb-c16b2062bb97&pt=campaign&t=1681214869&s=60bcf03f313a0cc1a4491afde3632cbc6b024217cb6937bf4c3edac2ae6cc9c8]


		TLDR 

DAILY CRYPTO UPDATE 2023-04-11

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SAM BANKMAN-FRIED DECLARED ALAMEDA ‘UNAUDITABLE,’ NEW REPORT SHOWS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225497/sam-bankman-fried-alameda-report?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


FTX's new management, led by CEO John Ray III, released a report
detailing the failed crypto exchange's control issues, including poor
record-keeping, inadequate cybersecurity, and lack of expertise in
finance. The report states FTX did not even have dedicated
cybersecurity personnel and had extremely poor private key and seed
phrase management practices. It also highlights Alameda's difficulty
in understanding and managing its positions with FTX. Additionally, it
reveals that major decisions were often left solely up to former CEO
Sam Bankman-Fried and top executives Gary Wang and Nishad Singh even
if the subject was outside of their purview or expertise. 

WINKLEVOSS TWINS LEND $100 MILLION TO THEIR GEMINI CRYPTO PLATFORM (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/iCDGW?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Billionaire twins Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss recently provided a
$100 million loan to their embattled crypto exchange, Gemini, amidst a
market downturn for digital assets. After failing to secure outside
funding, Gemini has faced setbacks, including a decrease in global
spot trading volume and an overall slowdown in all facets of the
market due to bear market forces. Fallout from FTX's collapse and
lawsuits from the SEC and CFTC have further impacted Gemini, which
previously raised $400 million at a $7.1 billion valuation in November
2021. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

METAMASK LAUNCHES NEW FIAT PURCHASE FUNCTION FOR CRYPTOCURRENCY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/metamask-launches-new-fiat-purchase-function-for-cryptocurrency?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


MetaMask launched a "Buy Crypto" feature in its Portfolio tool,
allowing users to purchase cryptocurrencies with fiat through various
payment methods, including debit and credit cards, PayPal, bank
transfers, and ACH. Available in over 189 countries, the feature
supports more than 90 tokens across eight networks. Users can access
this option by connecting their wallets to the Portfolio tool or
clicking "Buy" in the MetaMask extension wallet, then selecting their
region, payment method, token, and network. 

AI-FOCUSED BLOCKCHAIN CRYPTOGPT RAISES $10M FUNDING AT $250M VALUATION
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/10/ai-focused-blockchain-cryptogpt-raises-10m-funding-at-250m-valuation/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


On the back of the ChatGPT and GPT-4 launches and the ensuing gold
rush into all things AI, CryptoGPT, a new L2 ZK rollup focusing on AI,
raised $10 million in a Series A funding round led by DWF Labs,
valuing the company at $250 million. CryptoGPT aims to allow users to
monetize their data across various sectors and plans to issue NFTs
storing owners' activity data. The funds will be used to expand its
developer team and enhance its presence in Asian markets. CryptoGPT's
native token, GPT, currently has a market cap of over $13 million.
While there is hype around AI-focused tokens, there is still quite a
bit of uncertainty around the longevity and actual utility of these
projects. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SHANGHAI UPGRADE - THE PLAYBOOK (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://degensensei.substack.com/p/shanghai-upgrade-the-playbook?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The fast-approaching Shanghai Upgrade is going to enable the release
of previously staked ETH that was locked up, resulting in an unlock of
13.84% of the total Ethereum supply, or 16.6M ETH. There has been much
ado about a potential market dump of 16.6M ETH, but that ignores the
fact that 43% of the tokens locked up are already liquid through
liquid staking derivatives. The market should be focused on the 57%,
9.46M ETH, that is not currently in LSDs, which is still less than the
average daily trading volume of ETH. This article runs through what
this means for ETH and some of the staking service providers and
related tokens. 

AN OVERVIEW OF REAL WORLD ASSETS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/IamZeroIka/status/1645079737898004481?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread provides a great overview of Real-world assets (RWAs). RWA
tokenization concepts have been gaining momentum lately and could
revolutionize traditional finance by bridging TradFi and DeFi by
bringing trillions of market cap on-chain. RWAs are physical or
tangible assets that are then digitalized and tokenized, allowing for
fractional ownership and investment. Categories or RWAs could include
real estate, cars, stocks, metals, art, and luxury goods. Benefits
include democratization of access, full ownership, reduced
bureaucracy, and increased liquidity. However, RWAs come with
complexities including potential hacks, licensing, KYC/AML, asset
sizing, and liquidation issues. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEEING LIKE A PROTOCOL - WHERE DOES PROTOCOL CREDIBILITY COME FROM?
(22 MINUTE READ)
[https://barnabe.substack.com/p/seeing-like-a-protocol?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article discusses Proposer-Builder Separation and the
Principal-Agent Problem, emphasizing their importance in understanding
protocol development. It highlights questions about protocol
boundaries, credibility, and the balance between protocol layers and
external factors. The author argues that protocol development is a
continuous conversation with its environment and that credibility
depends on the community's willingness to defend the protocol's
preferred outcomes. The article emphasizes the need for a more
accurate view of the balance of power between the protocol and the
larger system, which can inform future development. 

ETHEREUM’S SHANGHAI UPDATE OPENS A RIFT IN CRYPTO (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.co.uk/article/ethereum-shanghai-update-crypto-rift?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum is set to switch from proof-of-work mining to a
proof-of-stake system on April 12, with a much-anticipated update
called Shanghai. In addition to anticipation around the effect of
staked tokens being unlocked, the transition will significantly reduce
energy consumption, which has rekindled the debate over the
sustainability of mining-based cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. Critics
have long argued that Bitcoin's energy consumption is harmful to the
environment, while supporters claim it incentivizes renewable energy
development. Some outside the crypto ecosystem have suggested that
Bitcoin should follow Ethereum’s lead, so Ethereum's shift may
prompt more of these discussions. This would be a highly unlikely
scenario though, as many in the Bitcoin community are ideologically
opposed to a move like this and view it as a centralizing force going
against the decentralization ethos that is a core tenet of Bitcoin. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

LIQUIDITY PROVIDERS ON UNISWAP V3 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://keyrock.eu/blog/liquidity-providers-on-uniswap-v3/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This analysis of Uniswap V3 pools breaks down the differences between
different pools on the protocol. It shows that lower fee pools attract
higher liquidity-per-wallet, while higher fee pools draw smaller
liquidity providers who accept more risk to maximize returns. 

WHAT HAVE CRYPTO WHALES BEEN UP TO LATELY? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ThorHartvigsen/status/1645393219893743622?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread takes a look at the portfolios of Arca, Arthur Hayes,
Andrew Kang, Dragonfly, and a few others to see what coins they’ve
been trading over the past month. Notably, there was quite a bit of
activity around LDO and GMX over the time period as narratives around
liquid staking and decentralized exchanges played out. 

DCG’S BITCOIN MINING FIRM FOUNDRY TO STOP OFFERING FREE SERVICES (2
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/BAK58?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Crypto-mining firm Foundry, owned by Digital Currency Group, will
start charging fees for its Bitcoin mining services, ending its
previous "zero-fee" policy. The new tiered fees will support expansion
and maintain the Full Pay Per Share payout model. 

NEW TOKEN LISTINGS PLUMMET AS BEAR MARKET FORCES PROJECTS TO WAIT OUT
THE CRYPTO WINTER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/markets/tokens-listings-bear-market-investors-coinmarketcap-2023/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


New coin listings in 2023 have significantly dropped compared to early
2022, as indicated by applications to list on CoinMarketCap falling to
2,995 coins. The decline can mostly be attributed to projects delaying
token launches as they attempt to wait out the bear market. 

If you are in a hiring position, you may want to HIRE CRYPTO TALENT
THROUGH OUR FREE JOB BOARD [https://tldr.tech/employer/sign-up]. 

If your company is interested in reaching a crypto-savvy audience, you
may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=cc955c90-d82f-11ed-a6eb-c16b2062bb97&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681214426&t=1681214869&s=d79fe5fbefc2040fb71787c5feb83caf4c9a82e44d91d3086019e485668ca64f].


 