# Articles TLDR Crypto 29-05-2023

Beijing has published a white paper advocating for the growth of the
web3 industry  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=70840286-fdef-11ed-8bf4-531ae78a4f82&pt=campaign&t=1685362204&s=b0db1092a48db05fd322c2ed7452dfc14df485f4249a44b177381eb45767f2dc]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-05-29

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BEIJING RELEASES WHITE PAPER FOR WEB3 INNOVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232404/beijing-web3-white-paper?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Beijing has published a white paper advocating for the growth of the
web3 industry. The document was issued by the Beijing Municipal
Science & Technology Commission during the Zhongguancun Forum. In the
document, Beijing expresses its intention to become a global digital
economy hub. Beijing will reportedly invest around $14 million
annually until 2025 to further this ambition. This is an interesting
shift in tone as China banned crypto activity in 2021. This initiative
comes at a time when Hong Kong is implementing new cryptocurrency
rules and aggressively courting crypto companies to the city and the
US has been cracking down on the industry. 

ETHEREUM, BITCOIN BALANCES ON EXCHANGES EDGES TOWARD 5-YEAR LOW (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/142507/ethereum-bitcoin-balances-exchanges-edges-5-year-lows?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


ETH holdings on CEXs are near a five-year low, with only ~15% of the
total token supply remaining on exchanges. This figure is
significantly lower than the peak of 30% observed in summer 2020. Most
of this decrease took place in November and December 2022, following
the FTX collapse, when crypto users became more interested in
self-custody solutions. It has been further compounded by the rise in
ETH staking that has taken place since the Shapella upgrade last
month. Declines in CEX crypto balances can sometimes be seen as a
bullish indicator, as whales will withdraw from exchanges when they
expect prices to rise in the near to medium term. Conversely, they
will deposit to exchanges to sell when expecting prices to decline. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OTTR BANK CONNECT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.ottr.finance/introducing-ottr-bank-connect-90cca11cb5c2?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ottr has launched Bank Connect, a fee-free way for users to link their
bank accounts and transfer funds into their self-custody wallets. This
feature is set to streamline the process which was previously
dependent on third-party services with additional costs. Users will
receive their funds as USDC within their Ottr wallets after a standard
bank transfer period. Ottr also allows users to receive paychecks in
USDC. The aim is to provide a genuine alternative to traditional
banking with decentralized, blockchain-supported banking on a
worldwide scale. 

ASTARIA IS A NOVEL NFT-BACKED LENDING PROTOCOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661733590923878401.html] 

Astaria, a new NFT-backed lending protocol, prioritizes borrowers by
providing immediate liquidity, fixed terms, and eliminating forced
liquidations. The platform employs a unique three-actor model
(borrower, liquidity provider, and strategist) for NFT-backed lending.
Users can borrow from various supported collections, including
Moonbirds, Bored Apes, and others. To incentivize participation,
liquidity providers depositing 1 ETH into the designated pool will
receive an $LSD token that can be redeemed for a piece of physical
blotter paper in July. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

ROLLUPS ARE L1S (& L2S) A.K.A. HOW ROLLUPS *ACTUALLY ACTUALLY
ACTUALLY* WORK (50 MINUTE READ)
[https://dba.mirror.xyz/LYUb_Y2huJhNUw_z8ltqui2d6KY8Fc3t_cnSE9rDL_o?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article attempts to explain rollups in a more simplified manner,
asserting that the prevalent understanding of them is misguided.
Blockchains, described as replicated state machines, provide the basis
for rollups, which are essentially blockchains that post their blocks
to another blockchain, benefiting from its consensus and data
availability. The piece also distinguishes between Smart Contract
Rollups and Sovereign Rollups, explaining their different mechanics
and implications. It emphasizes that the choice between rollup types
is a trade-off between sovereignty and composability. It also
discusses the role of settlement layers, arguing their importance due
to network effects, bridging capabilities, and userbase. Overall, the
article suggests that social consensus is the main component that
underpins everything in the blockchain space. 

BREAKING DOWN CURVE’S LLAMMA INNOVATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661797596497862656.html] 

Curve has introduced a novel lending-liquidating algorithm, LLAMMA,
that aims to improve the process of liquidation in DeFi lending.
Rather than using "hard liquidations", which are common in
overcollateralized lending, LLAMMA uses a "soft liquidation" process
which gradually liquidates collateral across a price range,
potentially mitigating loss for borrowers. How it works is that
borrowers deposit collateral into LLAMMA, receive debt in Curve's
stablecoin crvUSD, and have collateral spread across bands to create a
liquidation range. The protocol relies on oracle prices and arbitrage
opportunities to maintain solvency and operate the soft liquidation
process. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

AN EXPLANATION OF WHAT HAPPENS TO CREDITORS WITH THE NEW CELSIUS PLAN
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1662875700926492672.html] 

The winning bid for Celsius involves creditors owed more than $5,000
becoming shareholders in a new company managed by Farenheit, which
includes Celsius' DeFi crypto assets, loan portfolio, PE & VC
investments, and mining assets. A small distribution of remaining
liquid crypto will also be given. Those owed less than $5000 will
receive 70% of their claims and no equity. This arrangement is a
compromise as, while the creditors surrender their debt claims against
Celsius, they gain a stake in the potentially profitable NewCo. If the
NewCo isn’t successful though, creditors’ equity stakes will be
wiped out. 

CRYPTO EXCHANGES ARE FLOCKING TO HONG KONG (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/crypto-exchanges-hong-kong?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Hong Kong's new crypto-friendly regulations have attracted interest
from multiple prominent exchanges. Huobi and Gate Group's Gate.io are
launching trading platforms and pursuing licensing with the Securities
and Futures Commission (SFC). Amber Group, OKX, BitMEX, and the
fintech arm of Chinese real estate developer Greenland are also
exploring opportunities in the city. Despite the bullish sentiment,
challenges persist, such as local banks declining to open accounts for
crypto businesses. Industry analysts believe that with regulatory
support, Hong Kong could reclaim its status as Asia's leading crypto
hub. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

STARGATE DAO VOTING TO REDUCE EXPOSURE TO MULTICHAIN-ISSUED STABLECOIN
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232413/stargate-dao-voting-to-reduce-exposure-to-multichain-issued-stablecoin?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Stargate DAO is contemplating distancing itself from Multichain's
anyUSDC stablecoin due to technical problems and uncertainty,
including rumors of team arrests in China. 

LIST OF TELEGRAM CHATS TO KEEP UP WITH THE LATEST IN CRYPTO (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/ahboyash/status/1662802888207507456] 

Often, the most helpful information you find in crypto is buried deep
in a Discord server or Telegram chat. This thread compiles some of the
best Telegram chats to follow across different topics like general
roundups, news, research, small-cap coins, and more. 

WHY DEFI IS BROKEN AND HOW TO FIX IT, PT 1: ORACLE-FREE PROTOCOLS (22
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nascent.xyz/idea/why-defi-is-broken-and-how-to-fix-it-pt-1-oracle-free-protocols?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This author proposes a shift towards "oracle-free" DeFi protocols to
improve security, reduce dependency, and enhance modularity. These
principles, along with layered protocol designs, could lead to safer
and more resilient decentralized financial systems suitable for
mainstream adoption. 

ADVENTURES IN ONCHAIN OWNERSHIP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://variant.fund/articles/adventures-in-onchain-ownership/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This Variant Fund employee delved into NFTs in 2023, engaging with
portfolio products like mint.fun, sound.xyz, Mirror, Foundation, and
OnCyber to get a better understanding of the platforms. They shared
their experiences creating, minting, and showcasing digital art. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=70840286-fdef-11ed-8bf4-531ae78a4f82&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685361651&t=1685362204&s=514a2ef7313fa7b0852ac48b2aea4e89f4239abf7d7a1c0fd48cbdfcd3328280].


 