# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-04-2023

The crypto ecosystem received long-awaited details on the Sui public
launch over the weekend with the announcement of its upcoming public
token sale.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c8f8040-dcf9-11ed-83b6-9f98ebf19210&pt=campaign&t=1681733266&s=5dddfd1f6019d2a4471a35eba6bc14d032457f6875a04e5560d64c87e4a7a895]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-17

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

U.S. HOUSE COMMITTEE PUBLISHES DRAFT STABLECOIN BILL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/04/15/us-house-committee-publishes-draft-stablecoin-bill/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The US House Financial Services Committee has released a draft
stablecoin bill, marking the first significant crypto legislation
movement in 2023. The proposed bill includes a moratorium on
crypto-backed stablecoins and asks for a study on CBDCs. Following the
unwind of UST and the depegging of USDC, the bill aims to define
payment stablecoin issuers. The moratorium will last until a study is
conducted, and the potential impact of a CBDC issued by the Federal
Reserve will be examined. This bill, in its current form, could have
broad implications on the stablecoin space, including making the
issuance of some types stablecoins illegal and requiring licensing to
operate within the US. 

THE TINY KINGDOM OF BHUTAN SECRETLY HELD MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN
CRYPTOCURRENCY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.md/aJ4nN?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Bhutan's sovereign investment arm, Druk Holding & Investments, quietly
invested millions of dollars in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and
Ether. This was revealed in the bankruptcy filings of crypto lenders
BlockFi and Celsius, both of which Druk was an institutional customer.
The fund has been accused of defaulting on a $30 million loan from
BlockFi, though Druk’s CEO claims the matter has been settled.
Druk's involvement in cryptocurrencies raises questions about the
nation's relationship with the volatile crypto market, and it appears
to be the first sovereign wealth fund to directly own
cryptocurrencies. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

SUI ANNOUNCED ITS TOKEN LAUNCH MECHANICS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://sui.io/community-access-program?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

The crypto ecosystem received long-awaited details on the Sui public
launch over the weekend with the announcement of its upcoming public
token sale. In conjunction with this, the SUI Token Community Access
Program was announced, with plans to reward early Sui network
supporters such as testers, community managers, and builders with
retrospective awards and recognition sale opportunities. The general
public can also participate by purchasing SUI tokens on exchanges like
KuCoin and OKX. Instead of an airdrop, SUI tokens are being offered at
a discounted price to early contributors and ecosystem participants.
This is a different approach than some of the most recent high-profile
token launches like ARB and BLUR - both of which conducted airdrops to
distribute tokens. 

CRYPTO STARTUP ONDO UNVEILS STABLECOIN ALTERNATIVE BACKED BY
MONEY-MARKET FUNDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.md/WAX8j?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

Another stablecoin company, Ondo Finance, has come on the scene. This
stablecoin will be backed by money-market funds invested in US
government securities. This mechanism, created by former Goldman Sachs
employees, allows holders to receive a yield on their stablecoins from
the yield generated via the money-market funds backing the coin.
Investors will receive a digital coin called OMMF, which will invest
only in low-risk money market funds. This aims to provide the price
stability and on-chain utility of stablecoins while offering better
investor protection and passing on yield to holders. The long-term
goal of OMMF is to provide an alternative to bank settlement networks
or other stablecoins, as well as to become a preferred collateral
asset in crypto lending. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

PYRAMIDS OF NFT VALUE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ch.mirror.xyz/1lnwE29GOSkW-YKOVZVnHQW4cZRnXEF49nNL1VaRkdY?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article goes over how Bain's Elements of Value Pyramid offers
insights into the values within the NFT landscape, revealing
functional, emotional, and life-changing aspects. However, most NFT
communities focus on financial gain and social status, which may limit
broader adoption. The article suggests that NFT communities should
develop stronger ideologies, focusing on values higher up the pyramid
to inspire lasting cultural change and attract a wider audience. 

A COMPLETE GUIDE TO PRESALES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/CJCJCJCJ_/status/1645796353707225089?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


With particular relevance after Sui announced its upcoming presale,
this tweet thread explains different types of presales for projects,
focusing on public presales. Types include Fixed Price No Limit, Fixed
Price Soft+Hard Cap, Overflow, NFTs+Airdrop, Platform IDOs, ITOs
(Treasury Swaps), Dutch Auctions/LBPs, and Dynamic Pricing. Each type
has pros and cons, with some favoring whales and others providing fair
opportunities. The author emphasizes the importance of evaluating
projects before participating in presales, considering factors such as
safety, vesting schedules, valuations, and liquidity. They also share
their personal approach, which leans towards participating in Overflow
and private sales, while occasionally engaging in Dutch auctions. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEC’S GENSLER TAKES ON CRYPTO DEFI EXCHANGES WITH REFRESHED RULE
PLAN (2 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.md/k5x8w?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The SEC is set to amend a proposed rule to explicitly require digital
asset exchanges and decentralized finance platforms to register with
the regulator. The original proposal, which did not mention crypto but
was seen as applicable to digital assets, faced criticism from crypto
firms and an SEC commissioner. The stated aim of the amendment is to
provide investors in crypto markets with the same protections that the
securities laws offer in other markets. While the SEC claims it
already has jurisdiction over large exchanges, it says this amendment
will also include smaller exchanges and protocols, broadening its
enforcement reach in the space. 

DWF LABS IS RUFFLING FEATHERS AS IT CLIMBS THE RANKS OF CRYPTO’S
MOST ACTIVE INVESTORS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225705/dwf-labs-biggest-crypto-investors?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


DWF Labs, a crypto investment firm, has rapidly become one of the most
active investors in the sector, but its investment practices have
raised concerns in the industry. Critics argue that the firm's opaque,
non-standard deal structures and habit of moving token investments to
exchanges are red flags. DWF Labs, however, defends its practices and
maintains there is nothing wrong with its approach. The firm has
invested $232 million across 25 fundraising rounds and claims to have
contributed at least $100 million to over 100 projects. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

WHY CRYPTO TOKENS SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED SECURITIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ohaiom/status/1647317397970251783?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread breaks down how the SEC and Gensler are missing the plot
by not recognizing crypto’s paradigm shift. Digital assets and
disintermediated trading systems fundamentally change economic
interactions that make old securities laws impossible to fit with this
new system. 

UNISWAP DAO APPROVES PROPOSAL TO DEPLOY V3 ON POLYGON ZKEVM (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/226433/uniswap-dao-v3-on-polygon-zkevm?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Uniswap DAO greenlit its v3 deployment on Polygon zkEVM, enabling
decentralized exchange access via Polygon's Layer 2 network. The
ZK-Rollup solution offers Ethereum compatibility, enhanced
scalability, and faster transactions. 

RIPPLE LAUNCHES LIQUIDITY HUB FOR BUSINESSES TO BRIDGE THE CRYPTO
LIQUIDITY GAP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/ripple-launches-liquidity-hub-for-businesses-to-bridge-the-crypto-liquidity-gap?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ripple launched a Liquidity Hub that offers a global network for
businesses, bridging crypto and fiat currencies. Its aim is to provide
deep liquidity pools, reduce transaction costs, and streamline
multiplatform administration, optimizing pricing across asset pairs. 

BITCOIN THIEF ONCE WORTH $3.4 BILLION GETS A YEAR IN PRISON (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.md/Nd2ZE?utm_source=tldr_crypto] 

After pleading guilty late last year, James Zhong was recently
sentenced to one year in prison for stealing 50,000 Bitcoin from Silk
Road. Initially worth $600,000, the Bitcoin's value reached $3.35
billion before being seized by authorities. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=6c8f8040-dcf9-11ed-83b6-9f98ebf19210&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681732821&t=1681733266&s=bfa398f85f1da72336548d7c3ca86ea13261c3543a634ff7671832eb6ee8732b].


 