# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-09-2023

Visa is looking to modernize cross-border transactions by utilizing
stablecoin settlement capabilities on SolanaÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=845d0dea-4c94-11ee-a1b1-d5f44a9a4796&pt=campaign&t=1694001822&s=9c89f1d12ecf8ba33c93d7d65d737770a659b3981ddebcc86cf4aa943604e88a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Kraken] [https://bit.ly/45YGoSf]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-09-06

ðŸ“ˆ TRADE LIKE A PRO WITH KRAKEN (SPONSOR) [https://bit.ly/45YGoSf] 

If youâ€™re serious about trading crypto, the all-new version of
Kraken Pro [https://bit.ly/45YGoSf] is definitely worth checking out.
Itâ€™s powerful, beautiful, and packed with advanced trading features
and analytics tools [https://bit.ly/45YGoSf].
This is Kraken's most powerful and flexible trading platform EVER â€”
in a redesigned, fully-customizable interface.

So go on. Head to Kraken and trade like a pro
[https://bit.ly/45YGoSf].

_Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss. Kraken
does not offer services to residents of Washington or New
York._[Advertisement]

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

VISA EXPANDS STABLECOIN SETTLEMENT CAPABILITIES TO MERCHANT ACQUIRERS
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230905549860/en/Visa-Expands-Stablecoin-Settlement-Capabilities-to-Merchant-Acquirers?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Visa is looking to modernize cross-border transactions by utilizing
stablecoin settlement capabilities on Solana. The company is
collaborating with merchant acquirers Worldpay and Nuvei to improve
the speed of international settlements. Visa has previously tested
millions of dollars in USDC movement between various partners over the
Ethereum and Solana networks to settle fiat payments. This initiative
offers Visa's clients an efficient, modern alternative to send and
receive funds from Visa's treasury. 

COINBASE CREATES NEW CRYPTO LENDING SERVICE GEARED TOWARD LARGE
INVESTORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/09/05/coinbase-creates-new-crypto-lending-service-geared-toward-large-investors/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Coinbase has launched a new crypto lending service for institutional
clients in the US, according to a recent SEC filing. Through this
platform, companies will be able to lend funds to Coinbase and receive
collateral in excess of the amount they loaned, creating an
overcollateralized lending mechanism. The plan is similar to the prime
brokerage services of traditional banks but is different from the
controversial Lend program that Coinbase scrapped last year due to
regulatory issues. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

FUN.XYZ - THE EASIEST WAY TO BUILD CRYPTO ACCOUNTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/FUN/status/1699080830646399025?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Fun.xyz is offering an easier way to create crypto accounts without
compromising security or user experience. The non-custodial platform
is based on ERC-4337, the standard that enables account abstraction.
The platform provides developers with robust financial tools, secure
authentication methods, flexible gas behavior, custom access control,
seamless monetization methods, and more. 

SELL: CASH OUT YOUR CRYPTO TO FIAT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://metamask.io/news/latest/sell-cash-out-your-crypto-to-fiat/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


MetaMask, the largest crypto wallet, has introduced a new feature
called Sell, allowing users to easily convert their crypto assets into
fiat currencies like USD, EUR, and GBP. The new feature aims to
improve convenience for users, enabling faster fiat conversions with
fewer intermediaries. The Sell feature, currently available in the US,
UK, and parts of Europe, aggregates vetted providers to offer
real-time conversion options. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT MODULAR BLOCKCHAINS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sunnydece/status/1699124522757283997?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This thread is about modular blockchains, which separate chains into
distinct, interchangeable components, and are emerging solutions to
the limitations of the traditional monolithic architecture. These
customizable components, or rollups, vary from general-purpose
execution environments to app-specific platforms. Some of the
advantages of using modular blockchains include optimized layer
interactions and the ability to mix and match between different
ecosystems. 

GEARING UP FOR ANOTHER CYCLE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/DefiIgnas/status/1699052213287703023?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


This thread explains how most people need to go through 3 market
cycles to achieve something in this space - learning, earning, and
building generational wealth. The author shares insights from his
experience, highlighting how he has been able to pattern match
narratives after being in the space for a couple of cycles. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE DOMINO EFFECT THAT LED TO THE $200M EULER FINANCE HACK (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://twitter.com/kankodu/status/1698992717089604064?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Euler, a permissionless lending protocol, was exploited in a $200m
hack due to a function added to fix a bug that was previously
reported. This thread walks through how implementing the function
eventually led to the hack. The new function addressed an issue with
token reserves, but unexpectedly opened potential for a larger-scale
theft. 

PLASTIC MONEY (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://computer.rip/2023-09-03-plastic-money.html?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Smart credit cards, with inbuilt microcontrollers enabling offline
transactions and driving capabilities for cryptographic
challenge-response authentication, have been in use in Europe since
the 1980s. However, these technologies, which would technically allow
a balance to be tracked and updated offline, have failed to take off
in the US. This blog post provides some in-depth historical background
on the topic and explains the state of where this technology is today.


âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

ROUNDUP OF BINANCEâ€™S WOES OVER THE PAST 10 MONTHS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Travis_Kling/status/1699135859885236432/photo/1?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Binance has been taking blow after blow from regulators and has begun
to show cracks as a number of executives have jumped ship. This post
gives a great summary of all that has happened. 

ETHEREUM: THE ENDGAME PATH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/stacy_muur/status/1699133944803823895?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


We have been seeing various stages of the Ethereum roadmap play out
over the past few years. In case you arenâ€™t familiar with the
roadmap, you can see all the stages and a great summary of the roadmap
here. 

FUTURE ETHEREUM UPGRADES COULD ALLOW FULL NODES TO RUN ON MOBILE
PHONES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154990/future-ethereum-upgrades-could-allow-full-nodes-to-run-on-mobile-phones-vitalik-buterin?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Vitalik Buterin recently discussed how potential upgrades could allow
full nodes to run on mobile phones, which would lead to greater
decentralization and scalability. 

MORE THAN HALF OF TURKEY HAS TURNED TO CRYPTO AMID RAPID CURRENCY
DEVALUATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cryptoslate.com/more-than-half-of-turkey-has-turned-to-crypto-amid-rapid-currency-devaluation-kucoin-report/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]


Over half of Turkey's adults use cryptocurrencies to combat inflation,
with 52% investing, up from 40% in 2021. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=845d0dea-4c94-11ee-a1b1-d5f44a9a4796&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694001623&t=1694001822&s=5f38684d3072c7aff5d5d7b9260d3a4e326c6fd45bcd96ec24437a1b7b4f577e].