# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-07-2023

Sequoia is scaling back two of its funds as it, along with everyone
else, continues to adjust to a challenging environment for cryptoÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dcb23168-2d28-11ee-a198-51bb77a18021&pt=campaign&t=1690545883&s=05f606caecb8afff9fc0b6c3b8bf11aac6cad629d0dc529ddedfc7bdc0cb3079]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-07-28

ðŸ“ˆ

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SEQUOIA CAPITAL SLASHES CRYPTO FUND AS IT DOWNSIZES AMID STARTUP
CRUNCH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/x0vNL?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Sequoia is scaling back two of its funds as it, along with everyone
else, continues to adjust to a challenging environment for crypto. The
firm's crypto fund is shrinking from $585 million to $200 million,
while its ecosystem fund, a fund of funds, will be pared down from
$900 million to $450 million. This reallocation is part of Sequoia's
continued response to the tectonic shifts in the market over the past
year or so. It is also another example of the dire state of the
venture and startup scene in light of interest rate hikes and concerns
about the economy.

AMAZON EXPANDS WEB3 REACH WITH CLOUD TOOLS THAT HELP BLOCKCHAIN
DEVELOPERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/07/27/amazon-expands-managed-blockchain-services/]

Amazon has expanded its Amazon Managed Blockchain (AMB) services,
adding two new tools. These new tools aim, much like Amazonâ€™s AWS
business does in Web 2.0, to simplify core elements of the web3
development process. One of the tools, called AMB Access, expands
Amazonâ€™s RPC node offerings empowering developers with highly
scalable node access. The other tool that is being rolled out, AMB
Query, allows developers to tap into data from the Bitcoin and
Ethereum blockchains via an API. While sentiment around the space is
at a low, developments like this and Googleâ€™s recent acknowledgment
of its commitment to the space show that these companies likely see a
lot of potential in serving the crypto industry.

ðŸš€

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

BEAM, THE EASIEST WALLET EVER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://echo.mirror.xyz/FbaqedtGg7SZuwOXesLnO8-Gk-Nzpna5ZvLZiw2TIFs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Beam has launched a self-custody wallet aimed at simplifying crypto
transactions. The wallet will be built on both Optimism and Base,
unifying blockchain tech with user-friendly web experiences similar to
Venmo or Cash App. The platform will offer unique features like
straightforward onboarding processes, stable and low fee transactions,
and easy recovery methods using Twitter and standard passwords. Beam
is also rolling out innovative technologies like Supersends and Beam
Names to facilitate cross-chain transactions and user-friendly
interactions.

TBTC REDEMPTIONS ARE LIVE ON MAINNET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.threshold.network/fulfilling-vitaliks-prophecy/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Threshold Network has launched tBTC redemptions, a novel mechanism
enabling what the team claims as trustless bridging of BTC to tBTC on
the ETH network. This allows users to trustlessly move BTC to ETH to
leverage DeFi functionality on the chain. When users want to move
their tBTC back to BTC and off of ETH, they are able to do so without
any reliance on or permission from centralized entities.

ðŸ’¡

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

SIMPLE SECURITY TOOLKIT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/nascentxyz/simple-security-toolkit?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Smart contract development is different from software development. If
you make mistakes, there can be extremely serious and immediate
consequences. For this reason, the Nascent team has created a Security
Toolkit that includes practical guides and checklists for smart
contract development. The Toolkit aims to help organizations build
secure codebases, prepare for external audits, and ultimately roll out
safe smart contracts. The Nascent team likened this toolkit to a
pilotâ€™s safety checklist or a physicianâ€™s checklist before a
medical procedure.

HOW WORLDCOIN IS LEVERAGING ZKPROOFS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/bkiepuszewski/status/1684099522991890432?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This Twitter thread explains how Worldcoin recently registered a set
of "identity commitments" - cryptographic proof that one possesses a
private key for one of the registered identities. This unique zkProof
doesn't reveal specific identities, ensuring privacy. Along with the
proof, a public message or "signal" can be attached, e.g., claiming a
grant or casting a vote. Since these zkProofs are anonymous, it's
impossible to trace them back to an individual. The verification of
zkProofs occurs on-chain on Optimism, and Worldcoin uses the Semaphore
protocol to further protect privacy.

ðŸ¦„

MISCELLANEOUS

ENTERING A GOLDEN AGE OF DECENTRALIZED STABLECOINS: WHAT'S NEW? (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ignasdefi.com/p/entering-a-golden-age-of-decentralized?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog lays out how the stablecoin market has been seeing
significant and sustained innovation with several projects launching
new features and making considerable strides. Synthetix is rolling out
v3 that could potentially drive sUSD's market cap up, and Liquity is
launching its v2 offering a solution to scale stablecoins. Lybra
Finance's eUSD stablecoin, a fork of Liquity, is becoming a serious
contender to LUSD, with new versions promising omnichain functionality
and minting via various collaterals. Meanwhile, MakerDAO's Dai and
Frax are undergoing significant transformations, boosting their
appeal. Last but not least, Aave's GHO and crvUSD have maintained
dominant positions in the DeFi market.

SOLANAâ€™S COMPRESSED NFTS OPEN DOORS TO NEW DISTRIBUTION MODELS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/solana-compressed-nfts?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Co-founders of the Solana-based NFT marketplace Tensor, Ilja Moisejevs
and Richard Wu, have been promoting compressed NFTs as a
cost-efficient method for digital asset creation. This new process
considerably reduces the data needed to mint an NFT through "state
compression", making these NFTs affordable and thus expanding the
potential market. They believe one of the big unlocks of this
innovation is that it allows more room for consumer apps to experiment
and find novel use cases for NFTs.

âš¡

QUICK LINKS

FLASHBOTS HOSTING MEV-SHARE CTF (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/SheaKetsdever/status/1684568260078104578?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Mark your calendars for August 5, when Flashbots will be hosting 10
MEV-Share challenges in 48 hours.

CONVERTING EVM TO NATIVE MACHINE CODE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/paradigmxyz/jitevm?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Last year, Paradigmâ€™s research team attempted to build out a
proof-of-concept for converting EVM to machine code to look for speed
increases. Theyâ€™re open to developers trying their hand at
productionizing this PoC.

YOUR WEEKLY ALPHA ROUNDUP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/apes_prologue/status/1684536265738158080/photo/1?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Itâ€™s that time of the week again. This tweet has your weekly roundup
of important news and events covering DeFi, governance proposals, an
outline of next weekâ€™s calendar of events, general crypto news, and
tweets of the week.

CRYPTO TRANSFERS USING TWITTER HANDLES ROLLED OUT AMID TALK MUSK WILL
DO THE SAME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/241822/crypto-transfers-using-twitter-handles-rolled-out-amid-talk-musk-will-do-the-same?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Suku and Polygon collaborated on a promotion allowing users to create
wallets and transfer crypto via Twitter, aiming to simplify crypto
adoption. They also demonstrated 'tweet-minting' of NFTs.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=dcb23168-2d28-11ee-a198-51bb77a18021&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690545675&t=1690545883&s=5ddceeae5e76debe934d6608947d1dacbafab4fdfcd109e71b050508c21e672e].