# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-04-2023

The Former FTX Head of Institutional Sales has suggested that FTX
should relaunch and enable trading of a token representing creditor
claims.  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b1576232-d9cb-11ed-8e0a-c7559c9cb10a&pt=campaign&t=1681387664&s=b9b51ec61c514d5fbf9b494c692ab452568dbe8018b75d807a5adc99d64242e0]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-04-13

DRATA IS THE LEADER IN SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION — FIND OUT
WHY (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Drata is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach
to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks — potentially saving hundreds
of audit-prepping hours.
Thousands of customers trust Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
[https://tracking.tldrnewsletter.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fdrata.com%2Fpartner%2Ftldr%3Futm_source=tldr%26utm_medium=newsletter%26utm_campaign=DR_brand_tldr_all_ros_NA%26utm_content=request_a_demo%26utm_term=text/2/01000185c4a9a7a4-884ef7bb-5031-445a-807d-b1340bcbe5d1-000000/jj_miobanZx0TzRwEmhNeXV8xhA9KdqE6tggnMfHyWo=284] including
companies such as BambooHR, Notion, and Postman. 386 reviewers on G2
have rated its solution 4.9 on average.

Want to find out what all the fuss is about? Now’s your chance. TLDR
readers and community members get 10% off and waived implementation
fees. Claim your exclusive offer now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

📈 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

FTX'S FORMER SALES CHIEF SAYS BANKRUPT CRYPTO EXCHANGE SHOULD RELAUNCH
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/225865/ftx-zane-tackett-exchange-relaunch?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Former FTX Head of Institutional Sales, Zane Tackett, has suggested
that FTX should relaunch and enable trading of a token representing
creditor claims. By resurrecting the exchange and adding a market for
trading creditor claims, Tackett believes it could provide some value
to creditors. He cites Bitfinex's BFX token after its 2016 hack as a
potential model. However, he acknowledges that the relaunch would face
some obvious challenges, including whether or not to use recovered
funds to finance the reboot, the optics around that, and ensuring the
right people manage the relaunched exchange. 

ETHEREUM’S SHANGHAI UPGRADE IS COMPLETE, STARTING NEW ERA OF STAKING
WITHDRAWALS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/04/12/ethereums-shanghai-upgrade-activates-starting-new-era-of-staking-withdrawals/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Ethereum's Shanghai hard fork, or "Shapella", is finished, so now that
the chain has transitioned to a full proof-of-stake network, users can
withdraw their staked ETH. Within 30 minutes of activation,
approximately $10 million worth of ETH was withdrawn. This upgrade
marks a significant milestone, with Ethereum co-founder Vitalik
Buterin stating that the hardest parts of the transition to PoS are
over. The price of ETH remained stable during and shortly after the
transition, as analysts continued to speculate on the impact of
withdrawals on the market and whether there are significantly more
withdrawals to come or not. 

🚀 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

METROPOLIS WANTS TO MAKE IT EASIER TO SPOT FAULTY SMART CONTRACT
PERMISSIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/metropolis-spotting-faulty-smart-contract-permissions?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Metropolis is aiming to address the issue of hacks from faulty smart
contract permissions with the launch of "The Podarchy Explorer," a
spatial interface for seeing smart contract permissions. The platform
allows users to look for any on-chain entity and identify connections
and permissions, helping users take steps to improve security and
avoid unwanted permissions. The Podarchy Explorer focuses on two areas
of on-chain control: Safe membership and OpenZeppelin access control.
Metropolis believes the tool will surface flaws and anti-patterns that
will benefit the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem with a reduction in
unwanted or faulty permissions. 

UNSTOPPABLE GAMES WILL LAUNCH WEB3 SCI-FI MMO INFLUENCE ON STARKNET (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/games/unstoppable-games-will-launch-web3-sci-fi-mmo-influence-on-starknet/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Unstoppable Games is launching Influence, a web3 science fiction MMO
game, on Starknet, an L2 for Ethereum. The game's launch NFT assets
sale started earlier this week, with the game set for a summer
release. Influence is a space strategy game inspired by Eve Online and
The Expanse, featuring decentralized gameplay where players determine
the future. The game's universe features a realistic asteroid belt
with accurate orbital mechanics, offering players an immersive and
decentralized gaming environment. Starknet's L2 scaling makes NFT
transactions efficient and low-cost, allowing for more complex web3
experiences. As many expect gaming to be the focal point of the next
bull run, it will be interesting to see if this game from an
experienced studio manages to gain mass market appeal. 

💡 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

TOWARDS AMM 2.0: CREATING AN ECOSYSTEM FOR ADVANCED AMM APPLICATIONS
(AAA) (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@alexeuler/towards-amm-2-0-creating-an-ecosystem-for-advanced-amm-applications-aaa-d04c5d469237?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article points out that Active Liquidity Management solutions are
evolving to better address the challenges inherent in DeFi and walks
through some of the specific ALM solutions. Boosted balancer pools and
Advanced AMM Applications (AAAs) are proposed as ways to improve the
precision and efficiency of liquidity management. AAAs can potentially
create a new ecosystem of apps around AMMs, allowing decentralized,
precise, and efficient management of liquidity. However, these
innovations must address concerns such as gas costs, security, and
ecological impact to ensure their sustainable integration into the
DeFi ecosystem. 

SHAPELLA’S SHOW (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/shapellas-show-e63d52378f7?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The Shanghai-Cappella (Shapella) upgrade happened yesterday, and this
shift is set to change the landscape of Ethereum staking. Prior to the
upgrade, staking was a one-way street, and Ethereum staked was locked
up. The alternative users had was leveraging LSDs through custodial
solutions that would give users synthetic Ethereum to get liquid on.
Shapella allows for the withdrawal of staked ETH for the first time,
unlocking billions of dollars from custodial staking services, and
providing more options for Ethereum holders. Because of this, Shapella
should encourage the development of new, non-custodial staking
solutions, promoting increased security, decentralization, and control
for users in the Ethereum staking ecosystem. 

🦄 

MISCELLANEOUS

ALAMEDA TO BE REPAID $53M DELTEC LOAN, DELAWARE BANKRUPTCY COURT RULES
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/policy/2023/04/12/alameda-to-be-repaid-53m-deltec-loan-delaware-bankruptcy-court-says/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


A bankruptcy court judge ruled that Alameda Research, the hedge fund
owned by SBF that siphoned user deposits from FTX, is to be repaid
nearly $53 million for a loan made in 2021 to Deltec International
Group. The case was complicated because of unreliable record keeping
by the failed crypto exchange. Deltec, a Cayman Islands company that
provided banking services to stablecoin firm Tether, is ordered to pay
Alameda the owed amount plus daily interest. The loan's contract was
approved by FTX Digital Markets' co-CEO, Ryan Salame, who allegedly
acted without proper authorization. 

MICA: WHAT EUROPE’S NEW CRYPTO RULES MEAN FOR THE INDUSTRY (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/125943/mica-what-europe-new-crypto-rules-mean-industry?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


The European Union is expected to pass its landmark crypto
regulations, MiCA, in April. MiCA focuses on crypto-asset providers
and sets obligations for them to declare while enforcing strict
requirements for stablecoin operators. If approved, the new rules will
unify regulations across all 27 EU member states, providing
consistency for crypto businesses. Countries will have up to 18 months
to implement the regulations, with the European Securities and Markets
Authority detailing the application guidelines. The regulations aim to
promote transparency, investor protection, and market stability. In
the US, one of the biggest roadblocks for crypto firms is the lack of
clear regulation. This move by the EU will help promote innovation as
companies and individuals will have more clear guardrails around what
they are and are not allowed to do. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

STRIKE EXPANDED INTO MORE COUNTRIES IN AFRICA (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/Strike/status/1645898120998404097?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Strike’s Send Globally expanded to Senegal, Benin, Rwanda, Ivory
Coast, and Togo, enabling seamless money transfers from the US through
Strike and a partnership with Bitnob. 

REDDIT JUST DROPPED THOUSANDS MORE NFTS ON POLYGON FROM OVER 100
ARTISTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/125975/reddit-nfts-polygon-gen3?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


Reddit launched its third NFT collection, featuring 100+ artists and
future realities themes. The previous collections attracted 7.3
million wallets and minted 10.6 million avatars with a $74.5 million
market cap. 

LATENCY GAMES: THE GOOD, THE BAD, & THE UGLY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@uri_61495/latency-games-the-good-the-bad-the-ugly-a4e3d81a93dd?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This article argues against making MEV design latency agnostic,
emphasizing Ethereum's usefulness. The author highlights latency's
benefits and risks, suggesting the exploration of ways to leverage
latency for improved utility and decentralization. 

THE WALLET WARS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/lou_markets/status/1645851784936841218?utm_source=tldr_crypto]


This thread argues that wallets are a future multi-billion dollar
industry in crypto. The wallet wars have become increasingly
competitive, with large funding rounds for numerous projects. While
the market will likely choose just one or a few winners, the potential
to be the homepage for all web3 transactions is likely one of the
biggest opportunities in the space. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you’re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you’d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=b1576232-d9cb-11ed-8e0a-c7559c9cb10a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1681387218&t=1681387664&s=cb63ff769bc1aff4a080461613a3befca46f983bfb26903d6bc75d9347c7811f].


 