# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-06-2023

The Graph has commenced the last phase of its transition from Ethereum
to L2 solution ArbitrumÂ  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=93e92c0c-0b54-11ee-bf2a-959beac3bbc0&pt=campaign&t=1686831023&s=6efacee9ef75234b0c54b92d9fb049493ee369c1078f89b2fb8491db4fe61115]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-15

ðŸ“ˆ 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

SOUTH KOREAN BITCOIN LENDING PLATFORM DELIO PAUSES WITHDRAWALS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cointelegraph.com/news/south-korean-bitcoin-lending-platform-delio-pauses-withdrawals?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Delio, a South Korean digital asset manager and lending platform, has
temporarily halted customer withdrawals to protect user assets amid
heightened market volatility and confusion following Haru Invest's
recent suspension of crypto deposits and withdrawals. Delio has
committed to regularly update its users about the situation and
measures taken to safeguard their assets. Founded in 2018, Delio
reportedly holds an estimated $1 billion in Bitcoin, $200 million in
Ether and about $8.1 billion in altcoins. 

PROMETHEUM NOT QUITE THE SHINING EXAMPLE THE SEC HOPED FOR (8 MINUTE
READ) [https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1669143092274888704.html]

Prometheum, a company that has been around since 2017, recently made
headlines for getting approval for a Special Purpose Broker-Dealer
license and for testifying in front of Congress earlier this week.
Despite raising $50M through a Reg A+ filing, having ex-SEC and FINRA
staff on their team, and gaining approval from SEC and FINRA, the firm
has yet to launch a product. Their activities, including a fundraising
event associated with an entity with a checkered past and hiring
ex-SEC and FINRA personnel without a clear product, have sparked
suspicion. Their sudden approvals and their listing of tokens in 2022,
despite claiming no operational ability in 2023, have added to the
suspicion. 

ðŸš€ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

EIGENLAYER STAGE 1 MAINNET LAUNCH (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.blog.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer-stage-1-mainnet-launch/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

EigenLayer has launched restaking on Ethereum's mainnet. This Stage 1
launch allows Ethereum stakers to securely manage their liquid staking
tokens. The next phases will introduce Operators for validation tasks
and multiple AVSs. Initial restaking limits have been set for safety,
supporting three types of staked Ether and a 7-day withdrawal delay.
The protocol has undergone rigorous security analyses and is offering
a bug bounty to developers that find issues. EigenLayer aims for
decentralization with three governance multisigs initially responsible
for decision-making. As the protocol matures, the goal is to foster a
decentralized, sustainable network. 

THE GRAPH STARTS MIGRATING ITS SETTLEMENT LAYER TO ARBITRUM FROM
ETHEREUM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/06/14/the-graph-starts-migrating-its-settlement-layer-to-arbitrum-from-ethereum/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The Graph, a decentralized protocol that indexes and queries
blockchain data, has commenced the last phase of its transition from
Ethereum to L2 solution Arbitrum. The move by Graph developers Edge &
Node aims to lower barriers to entry for developers by reducing gas
costs and speeding up transactions. With this shift, The Graph will
now record and settle its own transactions on Arbitrum as opposed to
Ethereum, potentially attracting more indexers and delegators due to
the reduced costs. 

ðŸ’¡ 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

HOW TO KEEP UP WITH CRYPTO WHEN YOUR JOB IS KEEPING YOU BUSY (6 MINUTE
READ) [https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1669103461454217216.html]

The author of this thread, a full-time FAANG software developer,
shares how he stays up to speed on the latest in crypto through
various newsletters and social media accounts. He highlights Linn's
comprehensive newsletter, Viktor's level-headed market updates,
@thedailydegenhq's stats-focused daily updates, PageOne's unique
narrative insights, and Chung's varied daily notes. 

DIGIPHYSICAL GOODS: BRINGING PROGRAMMABLE UTILITY TO PHYSICAL PRODUCTS
(15 MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/1kx.eth/k5lbpB155Tz_pH7B-7vbtDTTRKrco3u_y5QYUX1YhZs?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

This blog post discusses the rise of 'digiphysicals', goods which
exist physically but are linked to a digital (on-chain) record using
NFC technology, in the crypto space. They allow real-world objects to
interact with blockchain technology, granting wallet-like abilities
and unlocking new consumer experiences. Digiphysicals are poised to
revolutionize consumer goods by bringing on-chain interactions to
physical environments, giving physical products their own on-chain
history, creating new distribution channels for brands, and adding
utility for consumers in both digital and physical realms. The post
covers the evolution of these products, potential applications, and
future predictions. 

ðŸ¦„ 

MISCELLANEOUS

POWELL SAYS NEARLY ALL OFFICIALS EXPECT â€˜SOMEâ€™ FURTHER FED HIKES
(5 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.ph/zALQZ?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The Federal Reserve has decided to pause the interest rate hikes that
had been ongoing for 15 months, keeping the current federal funds rate
between 5% and 5.25%. Most policymakers believe further tightening is
required, with projections suggesting two additional quarter-point
rate hikes or one half-point increase by the year's end. Fed Chair
Jerome Powell signaled that rates might rise "somewhat further" in
2023 to control inflation, although he refrained from specifying when
the next hike could be. Despite this, inflation remains high and above
the 2% target set by the Fed. 

CRYPTO PRIME BROKER FPG LOSES UP TO $20M IN CYBER ATTACK (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/06/14/crypto-prime-broker-fpg-loses-up-to-20m-in-cyber-attack/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Floating Point Group (FPG), a crypto-focused institutional trading
desk, was hit by a cyber attack, leading to a loss of approximately
$15-20 million in crypto. The firm was successfully targeted despite
having implemented cybersecurity measures, including obtaining a SOC 2
certification. Post-attack, FPG locked all third-party accounts,
secured wallets, and temporarily halted trading, deposits, and
withdrawals. FPG is now collaborating with the FBI, the Department of
Homeland Security, regulators, and Chainalysis to investigate the
breach and work towards asset recovery. 

âš¡ 

QUICK LINKS

SOMEONE TOOK OUT A $14,500 LOAN ON 2 ROLEXES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/CirrusNFT/status/1669064880949985280]

Someone borrowed $14,500 against two Rolexes using a novel blend of
on-chain tech with Arcade.xyz and 4K Protocol. This is an interesting
solution to create greater liquidity and less friction in markets with
highly valuable physical collectibles or real world assets. 

APPLE REJECTS BITCOIN WALLET ZEUS A DAY AFTER THREATENING TO DELIST
DAMUS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/06/14/apple-rejects-bitcoin-wallet-zeus-a-day-after-threatening-to-delist-damus/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Apple rejected the latest version of non-custodial Lightning-enabled
bitcoin wallet Zeus for violating its cryptocurrency transmission
rules, following a similar conflict with Damus, another
bitcoin-related app. 

WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE? A CRYPTO ENTREPRENEUR'S PERSPECTIVE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://mirror.xyz/carlcortright.eth/0UH8JUM65XLhjZ6ARZj5mIQLFTPYB_u-5EVgOa3MV6A?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Amid significant regulatory pressures and crypto market downturn,
crypto-based businesses are grappling with the decision to pivot,
double down, or shut down. This entrepreneur gives some advice for
other startup founders to follow during the bear market. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if youâ€™re
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) youâ€™d like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
pleaseÂ click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=93e92c0c-0b54-11ee-bf2a-959beac3bbc0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686830472&t=1686831023&s=a67e16ce383c4a8e5cab8735e207c3d6a95b3570da9d8614312f645ce585506f].