# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-06-2023

BlackRock has applied to the SEC to launch a Bitcoin ETF named iShares
Bitcoin Trust.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=56dd75e6-0c23-11ee-90a0-3be03531d015&pt=campaign&t=1686917588&s=f4a29534e0b7fa4c9733a44bf304a3bd5b0e5f3bb7ddaba68c4d32343a5d7e4e]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-06-16

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BLACKROCK FILES FOR SPOT BITCOIN ETF, WITH COINBASE AS A CRYPTO
CUSTODIAN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/06/15/blackrock-files-for-spot-bitcoin-etf-with-coinbase-as-a-crypto-custodian.html?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

BlackRock has applied to the SEC to launch a Bitcoin ETF named iShares
Bitcoin Trust. The proposed ETF aims to provide investors with
simplified exposure to Bitcoin. However, approval for such an ETF
remains uncertain, as the SEC has previously resisted such launches.
Currently, the SEC is involved in a legal dispute with Grayscale
regarding a similar proposal. Interestingly, Coinbase is listed as the
custodian of the Bitcoin the trust would be holding even though they
are currently being sued by the SEC. 

SOTHEBY'S SECOND 3AC NFT SALE NETS $10.9M, WITH 'THE GOOSE' ALONE
NETTING $6.2M (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/web3/2023/06/15/sothebys-second-3ac-nft-sale-nets-109m-with-the-goose-alone-netting-62m/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Sotheby's capped off its Grails auction of the NFT portfolio seized
from the bankrupt crypto hedge fund, 3AC, and the auction brought in
over $10.9 million in sales overall. The highlight was Dmitri
Cherniak's Ringers #879, ‚ÄòThe Goose‚Äô, which sold for $6.2 million
after fees, marking it as the second-highest sale ever for a
generative artwork. The multi-part sale of NFTs from 3AC's collection
has so far raised nearly $17 million. Most of the pieces were acquired
during the NFT bull run of 2021, and the proceeds from their sale are
being used to recoup funds following 3AC's bankruptcy. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

ARBITRUM'S NEW 'LAYER-3' XAI NETWORK IS BUILT TO POWER WEB3 GAMES (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/144775/arbitrums-new-layer-3-xai-network-built-power-web3-games?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

A new layer-3 network called Xai, built on Arbitrum, an Ethereum L2
network, will specifically cater to game creators. Xai promises
enhanced scalability, efficiency, and cost reductions, with plans for
even lower fees and faster transactions for smoother gaming
experiences. Developed in collaboration with Offchain Labs and Ex
Populus, Xai aims to provide a more user-friendly platform for
token-powered games akin to what ImmutableX is doing with its
gaming-centric chain. The first games to launch on the Xai network
will be developed by Ex Populus, aiming to attract traditional gamers
with a frictionless gaming experience backed by blockchain tech. 

JACK DORSEY-BACKED BITCOIN WALLET BITKEY TO INTEGRATE WITH COINBASE
AND CASH APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2023/06/15/jack-dorsey-backed-bitcoin-wallet-bitkey-to-integrate-with-coinbase-and-cash-app/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Block, Jack Dorsey's FinTech firm, will integrate its upcoming
self-custody bitcoin wallet, Bitkey, with its financial services
platform, Cashapp, and US's largest cryptocurrency exchange, Coinbase.
Bitkey, a multi-sig hardware wallet with a mobile app, is scheduled
for a global launch later this year after a few weeks of public beta
testing. These integrations will allow Bitkey users to directly
purchase and sell bitcoin via both platforms from within the wallet
app. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

UNISWAP V4‚ÄôS NEW HOOKS FEATURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1669425061156081665.html]

Uniswap v4 is introducing a new feature called hooks, which operate
like plugins and allow developers to introduce code at specific points
in a pool's lifecycle, such as before or after a swap. This feature
allows developers to enhance Uniswap‚Äôs liquidity and security with
custom features. Uniswap has shared sample hooks in hopes to spark
ideas for a variety of use cases. Some proposed ideas include
time-weighted average market makers, customized on-chain oracles,
on-chain limit orders, dynamic fees, internalized MEV, and automatic
LP fee compounding. 

THE VALUE PROP CRYPTO USE CASE DATABASE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thevalueprop.io/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

"The Value Prop" is a new database from the Polygon team that
showcases diverse blockchain applications across sectors like
education, governance, finance, social impact, security, and more. The
aim is to highlight the significant positive impacts that blockchain
technology can have and is having globally. The database includes use
cases from a variety of different blockchains, demonstrating the
wide-ranging utility of blockchain and cryptocurrency technology.
It‚Äôs a great way to see the broad set of use cases that are already
being tackled and to help generate ideas for new use cases. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TETHER ON FOIL AND CONTINUED COMMITMENT TO TRANSPARENCY (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://tether.to/en/tether-on-FOIL-and-continued-commitment-to-transparency/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Tether, the company behind USDT, has fulfilled its obligation to the
New York Attorney General‚Äôs Office by reporting about its reserves
quarterly for two years, as per their 2021 settlement agreement.
CoinDesk made a request for public disclosure of these materials and
Tether chose to hand them over this week. Around the time these
documents were handed off, there was an attack on the USDT CRV pool
causing rumors and concerns to start flying about USDT and its
solvency. In this blog post, Tether claims there is no reason for
concern and questions the coincidental timing of these two events. 

WHEN THE US ZIGS ON CRYPTO, CHINA ZAGS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1669332740741767168.html]

This thread attempts to explain China‚Äôs strategy when it
‚Äúbanned‚Äù crypto in 2021 and its recent embrace of the crypto
ecosystem through new regulations in Hong Kong. The piece also
suggests that US attempts to curb the crypto industry could drive
other nations, particularly geopolitical rivals, to adopt it more
rapidly. It further criticizes major banks for being hesitant to
embrace cryptocurrency and alleges that regulators and politicians
tolerate money laundering in large banks as part of a political game. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THIS WEEK‚ÄôS WEEKLY ALPHA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1669370204143382536.html]

This thread provides a great bullet-point summary of the top events of
the week in crypto and highlights important governance proposals,
news, and tweets along with next week‚Äôs alpha. 

ETHEREUM STAKED READY TO FLIP ETH ON CRYPTO EXCHANGES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/ethereum-staked-to-flip-eth?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

The volume of ETH staked has been rising and is expected to surpass
ETH held on exchanges soon, highlighting a trend towards
decentralization. 

DO KWON JAILED SIX MORE MONTHS AS COURTS WEIGH EXTRADITION REQUESTS
FROM US AND SOUTH KOREAN PROSECUTORS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/people-culture/do-kwon-of-terra-ordered-to-spend-six-months-in-jail/?utm_source=tldr_crypto]

Do Kwon and associate Han Chang-Joon are facing more time in jail in
Montenegro, with potential extradition to South Korea and the US on
the table. Charged over a $60 billion fraud related to the collapse of
Terra and detained for allegedly falsifying identification documents,
they remain incarcerated in Montenegro despite bail being granted. 

CASCADING NETWORK EFFECTS ON ETHEREUM‚ÄôS FINALITY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://ethresear.ch/t/cascading-network-effects-on-ethereums-finality/15871]

In May, Ethereum experienced network disruptions due to consensus
layer clients processing old attestations, causing CPU resource
depletion and transaction delays. The disruptions had minimal impact
on users' transaction experiences in terms of cost and inclusion time
despite affecting peer-to-peer networks and increasing missed duties. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=56dd75e6-0c23-11ee-90a0-3be03531d015&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686916881&t=1686917588&s=8b54d43cad1191e30d86f7630207ed922d2a5502df80bb6713c51f6b60be0877].