# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-08-2023

A lawsuit against Uniswap accusing it of "rampant fraud" was dismissed
yesterday¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/crypto?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=88efee2e-47e2-11ee-bbf0-91a63cd4c8b8&pt=campaign&t=1693483450&s=46996b2214b3d0d4c96407fbfa1aa6818fff2e89a025abcdf24c620235dcea6a]


		TLDR 

TLDR CRYPTO 2023-08-31

üìà 

MARKETS & BUSINESS

BINANCE JAPAN PLANS TO TRIPLE NUMBER OF LISTED TOKENS TO 100 (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/248057/binance-japan-plans-to-triple-number-of-listed-tokens-to-100-bloomberg?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance Japan announced plans to substantially increase its token
offerings from 34 to about 100 in the near future. In conjunction with
this, the international exchange aims to collaborate with other local
exchanges to boost liquidity on traded assets. This rollout follows
its recent acquisition of Sakura Exchange BitCoin, which precipitated
Binance‚Äôs re-entry into the Japanese market after regulatory issues
with its own entity in 2021. 

COURT SIDES WITH UNISWAP OVER CLASS ACTION SUIT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockworks.co/news/uniswap-class-action-dismissed?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

A lawsuit against Uniswap accusing it of "rampant fraud" was dismissed
yesterday, signifying a big win for the decentralized exchange and
DeFi as a whole. Judge Katherine Polk Failla argued that despite
plaintiffs' losses, due to Uniswap's decentralized nature, there was
no identifiable defendant. The claim also accused Uniswap of selling
unregistered securities. However, the judge stated that a definitive
determination on whether certain crypto assets are commodities or
securities has not been established. The judge's ruling emphasized
that concerns about federal securities laws should be directed to
Congress, not the court. 

üöÄ 

INNOVATION & LAUNCHES

OPENSEA UNVEILS STANDARDS FOR REDEEMABLE NFTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedefiant.io/opensea-unveils-standards-for-redeemable-nfts?utm_soruce=tldrcrypto]

OpenSea is developing a standard for redeemable NFTs and has launched
four proposals for improvement. The company‚Äôs self-serve tool gives
creators an option to add redeemability to their NFTs. Other features
include trait redemption and offering off-chain redeemable NFTs.
Although trading hasn't started, OpenSea provided a free redeemable
NFT prototype for users to try until year-end. 

OPENZEPPELIN LAUNCHES 2.0 VERSION OF SECURITY PLATFORM DEFENDER (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/154110/openzeppelin-launches-2-0-version-of-security-platform-defender?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

OpenZeppelin has launched Defender version 2.0, an upgraded security
platform for blockchain developers. The system helps developers
monitor smart contracts, manage upgrades, and automate scripts for
these projects. The new version includes a machine learning tool to
detect potential vulnerabilities and an auditing module to track and
correct them. Despite being in beta, Defender 2.0 is fully operational
with the aim of becoming the "standard for security" in the crypto
sector. 

üí° 

GUIDES & TUTORIALS

REQUEST FOR BUILDERS: STARTUPS BRIAN ARMSTRONG WOULD BUILD TODAY (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coinbase.com/blog/request-for-builders-startups-i-would-build-today?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong has proposed ten ideas that he believes
entrepreneurs in the crypto space should be working on. The ideas
include flatcoins, on-chain reputation and advertisements, an on-chain
capital formation process, a marketplace for crypto-related tasks,
privacy for layer-2 solutions, an on-chain peer-to-peer exchange,
on-chain games, tokenization of real-world assets, and software for
managing network states. Coinbase Ventures plans to host a summit in
LA to discuss these ideas and support startups or teams pursuing them.


AN INTUITIVE DERIVATION OF THE PERENNIAL MECHANISM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/perennial-protocol/an-intuitive-derivation-of-the-perennial-mechanism-58a092e33c62?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article discusses the complexities of integrating derivatives,
specifically perpetual futures, into DeFi applications. As a potential
solution to this problem, a synthetic derivatives protocol, which uses
Compound's lend-borrow mechanism as a foundation, is proposed. This
alternative attempts to resolve issues that have hindered previous
efforts, particularly the challenge of the two-oracle requirement, by
using a single oracle for the underlying asset. Despite its
advantages, there are risks associated with this mechanism,
particularly on the maker side, which need to be addressed. 

ü¶Ñ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEC CHAIR GARY GENSLER'S COURT LOSSES ARE PILING UP IN CRYPTO (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.axios.com/2023/08/30/gary-gensler-crypto-court-losses?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The SEC has experienced a myriad of setbacks in its crypto-related
enforcement actions recently. It suffered a defeat in court over
Grayscale's bitcoin trust conversion and lost a lawsuit against Ripple
concerning its XRP token. These losses have exposed potential
weaknesses in the SEC's arguments against crypto as a whole. Upcoming
cases against big crypto exchanges Binance and Coinbase offer further
challenges for the agency to overcome. 

THE ‚ÄòFIDELITY MAFIA‚Äô BEHIND BIG CRYPTO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/3t2s9?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This in-depth article from WSJ explains how Fidelity Investments,
having entered the crypto scene in 2014, has become a major talent
source for the digital asset industry. Key figures in the crypto
world, known informally as the "Fidelity mafia," (a play-off of the
notorious ‚ÄúPaypal mafia‚Äù) have risen to prominence in the
industry. Despite facing criticism and regulatory scrutiny, Fidelity
itself has remained committed to digital assets, offering bitcoin
trading to a majority of its 43 million customers and applying to be
one of the first spot Bitcoin ETF providers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BINANCE TO CEASE BUSD SUPPORT IN 2024 AMID LEGAL TURMOIL (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.bsc.news/post/binance-to-cease-busd-support-in-2024-amid-legal-turmoil?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Binance is officially winding down BUSD support, aiming to be finished
with the wind down by early 2024. 

AMAZON IS GIVING AWAY FREE GAMING NFTS‚ÄîHERE'S HOW TO CLAIM (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://decrypt.co/151872/amazon-giving-away-free-gaming-nfts-how-claim?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

Amazon is rumored to be developing an NFT marketplace - it currently
offers free NFTs and in-game currency to Prime subscribers via its
Prime Gaming portal. 

NEW TRENDS IN DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGE APPLICATIONS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://collective.flashbots.net/t/new-trends-in-decentralized-exchange-applications-exploring-the-design-space/2268?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

This article explores the evolution of Ethereum's DEXs, introducing
ideas such as a new smart contract, "Dealer 3", and "Integral DEX
applications" (IDEX) to optimize transactions. 

UNISWAP PASSES FIRST VOTE TO EXPAND ITS V2 DEX BEYOND ETHEREUM (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dlnews.com/articles/defi/uniswap-may-target-copycat-forks-after-v2-multichain-vote/?utm_source=tldrcrypto]

The Uniswap community has voted to expand Uniswap v2 to other
blockchains outside of Ethereum to protect users from unsafe forks and
capture market share from copycats. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring in crypto, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of crypto
investors and builders, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrcrypto&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Daniel Fritsche [https://twitter.com/plutus_nft] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Crypto,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=514b3efb-6f16-11ec-96e5-06b4694bee2a&lc=04210f4a-96a1-11ed-94fb-3729ef006681&p=88efee2e-47e2-11ee-bbf0-91a63cd4c8b8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693483246&t=1693483450&s=26da4d100b769c88def0067fc9462ecb779d3c7b72d382dfa7cb1ad94ea7fe03].