# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Coinbase Announces New L2 Base (4 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Announces New L2 Base (4 min read)

Coinbase has launched a brand new L2, Base, leveraging OptimismE28099s OP Stack. Initially launching on testnet, CoinbaseE28099s goal with Base is to bring a scaling solution to market that makes it even easier for developers to build dapps. Coinbase will join Optimism as a core developer, and the firm announced the Base Ecosystem Fund which will invest in projects building on Base. Base will provide easy and secure access to Ethereum, other L2s, and even other L1 ecosystems like Solana, and apparently, no new network token will be issued.

## Article 2
### [Spotify is Testing Exclusive Playlists for NFT Owners (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Spotify is Testing Exclusive Playlists for NFT Owners (2 min read)

Spotify is testing a feature that requires NFT ownership to unlock certain playlists in a pilot experiment with Kingship, Fluf, Moonbirds and Overlord. The experiment seems to be currently limited to Android users in certain countries, and Spotify has not commented on future plans for the feature. Its next Stream On event is coming up soon on March 8th, but thereE28099s no guarantee there will be any announcements of this feature there.

## Article 3
### [Synthetix V3 is on Mainnet (3 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Synthetix V3 is on Mainnet (3 min read)

Synthetix V3 has been deployed on Ethereum Mainnet and Optimism after a successful security audit from Open Zeppelin, Iosiro, and Macro. It is a protocol that creates an E2809CAPI for liquidityE2809D for markets, allowing for the creation of derivatives that are secure and scalable. The V3 plan includes the ability for the system to back the Synthetix V2 system via the E2809Clegacy market". This deployment does not have any markets attached to it yet, but it can generate a collateralized debt position and integrates with Chainlink's CCIP for cross-chain stablecoin transfers.

## Article 4
### [Sushi Plans Derivatives Exchange on Sei Blockchain for Second Quarter (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sushi Plans Derivatives Exchange on Sei Blockchain for Second Quarter (2 min read)

Sushi plans to launch Vortex, a decentralized derivatives exchange supporting on-chain, peer-to-peer derivatives trading and cross-collateral, on the Cosmos-based Sei blockchain in Q2 of 2023. It will support on-chain, peer-to-peer derivatives trading and cross-collateral, and is part of Sushi's plan to expand its offerings cross-chain.

## Article 5
### [Tiers of Transaction Finality for Rollups (7 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tiers of Transaction Finality for Rollups (7 min read)

With Arbitrum, Optimism, and the general L2 narrative in full force, you may be curious how transactions on these L2s actually work and are finalized. Transaction finality on a rollup has 3 different stages: sequencerE28099s promise, order finality, and execution settlement. This article dives into how transactions actually progress through these stages to help you understand how rollup transactions operate.

## Article 6
### [Circle Still Wants To Go Public E28094 And ItE28099s Hiring Soon (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle Still Wants To Go Public E28094 And ItE28099s Hiring Soon (2 min read)

## Article 7
### [Ransomware Gang Conti Has Re-Surfaced and Now Operates as Three Groups: TRM Labs (4 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ransomware Gang Conti Has Re-Surfaced and Now Operates as Three Groups: TRM Labs (4 min read)

After seemingly ceasing operations, addresses related to the notorious ransomware group Conti remained active as Conti allegedly branched into three smaller groups: Black Basta, BlackByte, and Karakurt.

## Article 8
### [3ACE28099s NFT Collection to be Put Up for Sale by Lliquidator (3 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 3ACE28099s NFT Collection to be Put Up for Sale by Lliquidator (3 min read)

A collection of prized NFTs owned by the failed hedge fund Three Arrows Capital is going on sale, offering a basket of blue chips for collectors with a value estimated at around $6.4 million.

