# Articles TLDR Crypto 25-05-2023

## Article 1
### [What an FTX Reboot Could Look Like E28094 And Is It Even Viable? (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What an FTX Reboot Could Look Like E28094 And Is It Even Viable? (5 minute read)

FTX is considering emerging from bankruptcy in a sort of reboot of the exchange. The new CEO, John J. Ray III, is leading the restructuring task force to explore the possibility of a relaunch. Industry experts believe that a relaunch would be challenging due to the damage to FTX's brand, technological issues, and the necessity to rebuild trust. On the other hand, some crypto natives are speculating that it would actually be easier to reboot than it might seem on the surface. FTX already has name recognition and a broad user base that could be tapped to reactivate under the right leadership. While the company has recovered substantial assets, any plan to self-finance a relaunch could pose a risk to creditors, necessitating additional investor or lender support, so a decision on any relaunch plans is unlikely to come sooner than mid-2024.

## Article 2
### [Apple, Android Could Get Mobile Version of web3 Game Gods Unchained (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Apple, Android Could Get Mobile Version of web3 Game Gods Unchained (3 minute read)

Gods Unchained, a leading blockchain-based digital trading card game, plans to launch a mobile version on Android and Apple platforms by the end of the year. With significant traction having done over $160 million in volume already, the founders believe that, despite the mobile gaming market being highly competitive, its large user base offers significant potential for growth. They also acknowledge the need to reduce friction points, such as the necessity for digital wallets, to facilitate the mainstream adoption of blockchain gaming. Alongside Axie and StepnE28099s recent mobile moves, this is a big step forward in seeing web3 games go mainstream.

## Article 3
### [f(x) ProtocolE28099s Tokenomics & Offer: A Calculated Journey towards Success (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 f(x) ProtocolE28099s Tokenomics & Offer: A Calculated Journey towards Success (6 minute read)

The f(x) Protocol, conceived by Aladdin DAO, is a DeFi solution introducing a "floating stablecoin" known as fETH. Unlike traditional stablecoins, fETH adjusts according to ETHE28099s price fluctuations, achieving stability through a complementary asset, xETH, which absorbs most ETH price volatility. The protocol's governance token, FX, allows holders to participate in decision-making processes and offers revenue-sharing benefits. The f(x) Protocol will launch in beta mode before its full release. FXE28099s token distribution is designed to avoid VC involvement or team allocation, and will occur through a "capped elastic token offering."

## Article 4
### [Strateg - An Omnichain Social Yield Infrastructure (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Strateg - An Omnichain Social Yield Infrastructure (7 minute read)

Murphy Labs has unveiled Strateg, a social yield infrastructure aimed at streamlining DeFi experiences across various chains. Strateg simplifies complex yield strategy creation and sharing while enabling users to earn from multiple chains. It empowers users to profit from any protocol on any chain. By connecting strategists with investors, it allows less experienced DeFi users to invest their funds and manage their risk while skilled strategists monetize their strategies. Strateg automates many of the tasks involved in this process and provides control over funds, promising decentralization and streamlined user experiences in the DeFi landscape.

## Article 5
### [Why SNX Has Surpassed GMX in Volume (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why SNX Has Surpassed GMX in Volume (10 minute read)

Synthetix has surpassed GMX in trading volume, driven by several key factors. It lowered trading fees to as low as 0.02% for certain pairs, significantly increasing trade volume. Additionally, an airdrop program incentivizes traders with $OP tokens that essentially outpace the trading fees they incur on the protocol. Increased decentralization, with trades settled by incentivized keepers and the use of Pyth Network as a primary oracle, has given it greater trust and uptime. Further, decentralizing frontends has increased Synthetix's censorship resistance.

## Article 6
### [Safer is a Tool to Help You Sign Transactions without SafeE28099s Frontend (GitHub Repo)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Safer is a Tool to Help You Sign Transactions without SafeE28099s Frontend (GitHub Repo)</strong>

Safer is a tool designed to help sign and submit transactions to a Safe without the need for interaction with Safe's backend or frontend. It is especially useful when the Safe App is down and only the chain can be trusted or used. Safer allows users to execute complex transactions without intermediaries, enhancing DAO resilience. The tool also supports various hardware wallets for signing and is an effective fallback for ensuring continuity when there are problems with Safe or any other application using these features.

## Article 7
### [A Closer Look at the Curve Ecosystem (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Closer Look at the Curve Ecosystem (13 minute read)

The Curve ecosystem has unique tokenomics and a token emission model with incentives that have fostered a healthy ecosystem and attracted a range of key players including Convex, Yearn, Frax, Conic, Stake DAO, Pirex, Votium Protocol, Llama Airforce, and more. Each of these entities has unique interactions with CRV tokens, from aggregating them, leveraging them to generate yield, or using them as part of yield and governance strategies.

## Article 8
### [Rumors of Multichain Team Being Arrested in China (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rumors of Multichain Team Being Arrested in China (1 minute read)

Yesterday, there were abnormal delays in Multichain withdrawals in conjunction with rumors of the team being detained in China. MultichainE28099s only comment was that E2809Csome cross-chain routes were unavailable due to a force majeureE2809D.

## Article 9
### [Tornado Cash DeveloperE28099s Trial Pushed to Next Year as E28098WorriedE28099 Tech Contributors Seek Clarity (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tornado Cash DeveloperE28099s Trial Pushed to Next Year as E28098WorriedE28099 Tech Contributors Seek Clarity (3 minute read)

Alexey Pertsev, developer of Tornado Cash, is facing money-laundering money laundering charges, and his trial has now been pushed back to next year.

## Article 10
### [Path to Base Mainnet (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Path to Base Mainnet (4 minute read)

Base, CoinbaseE28099s L2, is preparing for its mainnet launch and has outlined launch criteria including successful testnet stability and audit completion.

