# Articles TLDR Crypto 07-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Kraken is on Track to Launch Bank 'Very Soon' Despite Regulatory 'Weird Place' (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Kraken is on Track to Launch Bank 'Very Soon' Despite Regulatory 'Weird Place' (3 minute read)

Despite a challenging regulatory environment, Kraken is apparently moving ahead with plans to launch its own bank. This launch comes on the heels of KrakenE28099s settlement with the SEC over its staking services. ItE28099s also in the midst of uncertainty surrounding Silvergate, one of the largest crypto banks, and its solvency. With one crypto banking option potentially being lost in Silvergate, Kraken could be a welcome addition to the ecosystemE28099s banking options with solid banking relationships and a E2809Cdiversified group of banks all around the worldE2809D.

## Article 2
### [Tether's USDT Stablecoin Market Share Rises to Highest Level in 15 Months (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tether's USDT Stablecoin Market Share Rises to Highest Level in 15 Months (2 minute read)

Tether's USDT has surpassed 54% market share among stablecoins, and it has gained $5 billion in market cap since mid-February bringing it to $71.6 billion. These gains come mostly at the expense of rival stablecoin BUSD, which came under scrutiny when Paxos was ordered to stop minting BUSD. The stablecoin subsequently shrunk from a $16 billion market cap to below $9 billion. Stablecoins have become increasingly important in the crypto economy, with a peak market capitalization of $188 billion in May 2022. Even though Tether is facing scrutiny from regulators due to its lack of transparency, USDT remains the most traded cryptocurrency, with a 24-hour trading volume of $27 billion.

## Article 3
### [Amazon NFTs Will Be Tied to Real-world Assets, Token Possible (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Amazon NFTs Will Be Tied to Real-world Assets, Token Possible (2 minute read)

## Article 4
### [Tornado Cash Fork, Privacy Pools, Deployed on Optimism Testnet (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tornado Cash Fork, Privacy Pools, Deployed on Optimism Testnet (3 minute read)

Privacy Pools, a successor to coin mixer Tornado Cash, was recently deployed on OptimismE28099s testnet. It allows users to make anonymous transactions and uses zero-knowledge proofs to prove that funds in the anonymous transactions are not connected to criminal activity. The protocol is still experimental code and has not been audited, but it gives users E2809Cthe option to help regulators isolate funds, without revealing their entire transaction history.

## Article 5
### [How to Survive in Crypto Long-Term (Without Getting Lucky) (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>How to Survive in Crypto Long-Term (Without Getting Lucky) (7 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Ethereum Developers in Conference at the E2809CWild WestE2809D are Warming to Compliance (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Developers in Conference at the E2809CWild WestE2809D are Warming to Compliance (4 minute read)

At ETHDenver, it was clear that developers and founders have become more accepting of the need to comply with rules and regulations in order to survive. Projects such as Lexproof, Yug Network, kycDAO, and Opolis are all working to increase compliance in crypto and account for things like KYC and accredited investor verification. While some companies that invested early in tackling the hard problems around compliance are reaping the rewards now, others such as stablecoin projects, are under scrutiny by the SEC. Although the legislative branch is unlikely to pass new laws for the digital asset industry in the near term, the SEC's aggressive stance will likely remain and the crypto space is adapting to the more adversarial regulatory environment.

## Article 7
### [Coinbase Purchases One River Digital in Move Into Asset Management Business (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Purchases One River Digital in Move Into Asset Management Business (2 minute read)

Coinbase has purchased One River Digital Asset Management, a subsidiary of a hedge fund named One River Asset Management founded by Eric Peters. The new company will be renamed Coinbase Asset Management and Peters will serve as its CEO and chief investment officer. The purchase is part of Coinbase's plan to bring more institutional capital into the crypto space. Coinbase previously invested in One River Digital and partnered with the firm at the start of last year to offer a platform for wealth managers to provide crypto exposure to their clients.

