# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Brand new crypto tax software that actually works launches just in time for tax season (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Brand new crypto tax software that actually works launches just in time for tax season (Sponsor)

Last tax season, Yash and Andrew paid $500+ on crypto tax products that didn't work. It was such a nightmare, they set out to build Awaken.Awaken has the best support for tokens, NFTs, wallet transfers, staking, bridging, LPing, and much more. Here's proof.Awaken lets you do your taxes 3x faster than other products. When you label 1 transaction, 30+ others can automatically be labeled for you.AwakenE28099s user interface is E2809Ccleaner than a freshly rugged wallet.E2809D (Yash insisted on having us include this).Claim up to $50 of free credits (first 400 signups)

## Article 2
### [Blur Escalates Royalty Battle With OpenSea, Recommends Blocking Platform (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Blur Escalates Royalty Battle With OpenSea, Recommends Blocking Platform (2 minute read)

Blur launched in October with a royalty-optional model and expanded royalties to permission NFTs in November. Now, to collect full royalties, creators must blocklist OpenSea, which enforces full royalties for new projects. Artists cannot receive royalties from both OpenSea and Blur at the same time because of conflicting rules. Blur has seen rapid growth in trading volumes in recent months as the competition between the two platforms intensifies.

## Article 3
### [Ordinal Theory and the Rise of Inscriptions (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ordinal Theory and the Rise of Inscriptions (11 minute read)

An unexpected trend has emerge on the Bitcoin network in recent weeks: the permanent and immutable inscription of data into the blockchain, including images, audio clips, and even a version of the video game Doom. This has sparked a great deal of discussion and debate about the non-monetary applications of Bitcoin blockspace. This report looks at the fundamental properties of Ordinal Theory and Inscriptions and how this trend is being expressed within Bitcoin on-chain data.

## Article 4
### [Invariant Testing WETH With Foundry (43 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Invariant Testing WETH With Foundry (43 minute read)

This guide provides an introduction to invariant testing, a new feature in the Foundry toolkit. It covers everything from the ground up using Wrapped Ether as an example. Invariant tests can help detect invalid assumptions, complex edge cases, and unexpected interactions in a smart contract system. All the code examples from this guide are available on GitHub.

## Article 5
### [DeFi Hacks Reproduce - Foundry (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DeFi Hacks Reproduce - Foundry (GitHub Repo)

This repository contains a collection of 167 reproducible DeFi hack incidents. Users will need to install Foundry to follow the examples. Links to lessons on web3 cybersecurity are available.

## Article 6
### [Stanford Research Director, Former Dean Revealed to Be Bankman-Fried's Bond Signers (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stanford Research Director, Former Dean Revealed to Be Bankman-Fried's Bond Signers (2 minute read)

A federal judge has ruled that the names of Sam Bankman-Fried's bond co-signers should be revealed. Bankman-Fried's lawyers had filed a notice to appeal a decision to reveal the names, but they did not file the actual appeal. The signers were Andreas Paepcke and Larry Kramer, who put up $200,000 and $500,000 respectively. Paepcke and Kramer are both from Stanford University, where Bankman-Fried's parents are instructors.</span>

## Article 7
### [Lido DAOE28099s Governance Token LDO Jumps on Treasury Proposal (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Lido DAOE28099s Governance Token LDO Jumps on Treasury Proposal (2 minute read)

The proposals will determine whether the DAO should sell or stake the 20,304 ETH it holds in its treasury, diversify its stablecoin holdings, and sell its protocol surplus of staked ETH.

## Article 8
### [With Crypto, for every strong project there may be a scam or rug pull waiting to happen (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 With Crypto, for every strong project there may be a scam or rug pull waiting to happen (5 minute read)

This Twitter thread contains a guide on how to spot red flags for new projects and protect yourself against bad actors.

