# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Binance Explores Letting Some Traders Keep Collateral at a Bank (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance Explores Letting Some Traders Keep Collateral at a Bank (3 minute read)

Binance is reportedly in talks to allow institutional clients to hold their trading collateral in banks rather than on the platform to mitigate counterparty risk. This move comes in the wake of concerns over custody and segregation of assets following the FTX collapse. Under this arrangement, bank deposits could serve as collateral for margin trading. Banks that are reported as being involved in the program include Swiss-based FlowBank and Liechtenstein-based Bank Frick. This proposal aims to provide clients protection from potential exchange failures and align with new Asian and European regulatory standards.

## Article 2
### [CFTC Risk Watchdog Has its Eye on Crypto (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CFTC Risk Watchdog Has its Eye on Crypto (2 minute read)

The CFTC issued a notice on Tuesday, warning registered firms and applicants that might be involved with new crypto products or services that it will be keeping a close eye on all new products and services related to cryptocurrencies. The CFTC's Division of Clearing and Risk is specifically concerned about potential cyber risks, operational risks, and conflicts of interest. The announcement coincides with ongoing debates among lawmakers over the suitable regulatory body to supervise the crypto markets.

## Article 3
### [BRC-721E Token Standard Converts Ethereum NFTs to Bitcoin NFTs (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BRC-721E Token Standard Converts Ethereum NFTs to Bitcoin NFTs (2 minute read)</span>

Bitcoin Miladys, in partnership with Ordinals Market and Xverse, has introduced a new token standard, BRC-721E, which enables users to bridge Ethereum-based NFTs to Bitcoin. Ethereum-based NFT holders can burn their tokens and inscribe them on the Bitcoin network. While the initial conversion doesn't store metadata on-chain, several options allow for on-chain previews. Because the standard involves burning the original ERC-721, it will not be possible to bridge the NFTs from Bitcoin back to Ethereum.

## Article 4
### [From Gas to Gold (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 From Gas to Gold (4 minute read)

Fantom has launched a gas monetization initiative designed to spur developer adoption. The program offers a 15% kickback on all gas fees generated by high-quality dApps. The funding comes from a reduction in the FTM token burn rate from 20% to 5%. To qualify, a dApp must have completed at least 1 million transactions and been live on Fantom for a minimum of three months. Since the program's launch just a few days ago, dApps have already generated over 11,000 FTM in rewards. The initiative is an interesting approach to increase developer retention and attempt to build a sustainable network.

## Article 5
### [Breaking Down ChinaE28099s web3 White Paper (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Breaking Down ChinaE28099s web3 White Paper (7 minute read)

The big news this week was ChinaE28099s web3 white paper, which indicated plans to thoroughly develop web3 tech and embrace concepts like NFTs and the Metaverse. The government plans to encourage the development of its own version of web3 through a "whole-of-government" approach, similar to its Web 2.0 strategy. The paper does not endorse Bitcoin or Ethereum, but shows a deep understanding of web3 tech. This could be a signal that while China acknowledges the potential of web3, it may not lift restrictions on cryptocurrency trading.

## Article 6
### [How to Use a Multisig (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to Use a Multisig (2 minute read)

This thread gives a brief overview of why and how crypto users should utilize a multisig. A multisig program relies on multiple private keys to secure on-chain assets, offering better protection against compromised keys and reducing single points of failure, compared to traditional hardware wallets that rely on single seed phrases or keys. The article suggests a 2-of-3 or 3-of-5 key setup for a balance between security and transaction convenience, and emphasizes the importance of using multiple wallets stored on separate devices.

## Article 7
### [TikTok Interest in Crypto Meme Coins (4 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 TikTok Interest in Crypto Meme Coins (4 minute read)</strong>

During the meme coin mania of the past couple months, interest in the #memecoin hashtag on TikTok reached an unprecedented high, doubling its previous peak from the 2021 meme coin cycle. Notably, the recent rally was led by PEPE and AIDOGE. The #memecoin content garnered 33 million views, primarily from younger viewers aged 18-24. The countries with the most interest in this content were the US, UK, and Germany, while Bulgaria showed the highest interest per TikTok's popularity index.

## Article 8
### [Winklevoss Twins Attempt Pivot After Gemini Loses Money and Employees (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Winklevoss Twins Attempt Pivot After Gemini Loses Money and Employees (12 minute read)

Gemini, the exchange co-founded by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, has been facing a series of challenges including regulatory scrutiny, dwindling market share, and the potential loss of a banking partner. To make matters worse, a critical loan repayment deadline that could aid in the recovery of $900 million from the exchange's defunct Earn product has been missed. As they attempt to navigate the convergence of these crises, the twins seem to have been eyeing a couple of different options, such as moving the company overseas and/or leveraging interest in derivatives trading to get traction in that market and drive more trading volume.

## Article 9
### [A Way to Hold USDC Without the Risk of Being Blacklisted (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Way to Hold USDC Without the Risk of Being Blacklisted (1 minute read)

This tweet explains how depositing USDC into the largest Uniswap ETH/USDC pool as one-sided liquidity with an unlikely-to-be-touched price essentially allows for safe, blacklist-resistant handling of USDC.

## Article 10
### [Biden Crypto Taxes Not in Current US Debt Ceiling Deal (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Biden Crypto Taxes Not in Current US Debt Ceiling Deal (2 minute read)

The US debt ceiling deal won't include the previously proposed 30% tax on crypto mining energy usage or the application of wash trading tax rules to digital assets.

## Article 11
### [Nansen Cuts Headcount by 30% (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nansen Cuts Headcount by 30% (1 minute read)

Nansen announced yesterday that it has made the decision to lay off 30% of its staff. With a leaner team, Nansen will be reducing its product surface area and creating more runway for the company.

