# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-03-2023

## Article 1
### [CFTC Adds Execs from Circle, Ava Labs and Fireblocks to Tech Advisory Group (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CFTC Adds Execs from Circle, Ava Labs and Fireblocks to Tech Advisory Group (3 minute read)

In a seemingly positive development for the crypto space, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) is forming a Technology Advisory Committee (TAC). Members of the committee include Ava Labs founder Emin GC3BCn Sirer, Circle vice president of global policy Corey Then, and FireBlocks co-founder and CEO Michael Shaulov. The committee is meant to help the CFTC understand what kind of effects certain innovations in financial services and markets might have. It will also help guide the CommissionE28099s thinking around technology-related issues and advise on tech investments. This TAC reveals a different approach by the CFTC than some other U.S. agencies such as the SEC, which seem to have taken a more hostile approach.

## Article 2
### [Decentralized Borrowing Protocol LiquityE28099s LQTY Token Soars Amid USDC Chaos (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Decentralized Borrowing Protocol LiquityE28099s LQTY Token Soars Amid USDC Chaos (3 minute read)

Liquity, a decentralized borrowing protocol, has seen an influx of interest in the past couple weeks, especially since the depegging of USDC over the weekend. The main driver of this interest is likely the fact that users can take out loans denominated in LUSD, the protocolE28099s dollar-pegged stablecoin, using ETH as collateral. Instead of being subject to a variable interest rate on these loans, users simply pay a one-time fee. Wallets holding LUSD have increased 10% since March 6, and LQTY, which allows stakers to capture fee revenue generated by the protocol, has risen almost 50% in that same timeframe.

## Article 3
### [Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) Design (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) Design (GitHub Repo)

Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) is a solution for cross-chain message passing, allowing messages to be sent from one source chain to multiple destination chains. It prevents vendor lock-in, enhances security beyond any single bridge, and requires a quorum of different bridges to execute the message at the destination chain. MMA can be used for governance contracts on Ethereum calling remote functions of contracts on other EVM chains, and each dApp must deploy its own set of contracts.

## Article 4
### [In About-Face, Crypto Exchanges Abandon Support for STG Token Reissuance (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 In About-Face, Crypto Exchanges Abandon Support for STG Token Reissuance (2 minute read)

Crypto Exchanges Bitfinex and Binance have withdrawn their support for Stargate Finance's plans to reissue STG tokens due to a dissenting opinion from FTX liquidators arguing the re-issuance violated a stay in FTXE28099s bankruptcy case. Bitfinex and Binance are revoking scheduled STG contract swaps, as well as providing users with a contract address to verify the validity of their STG tokens, and Binance is offering to swap new tokens back to old tokens.

## Article 5
### [Euler Finance Incident Post-Mortem (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Euler Finance Incident Post-Mortem (5 minute read)

This article looks into the Euler Finance incident that occurred on March 13th, where an attacker created "bad debt" by donating units to the reserve balance, thus creating a vulnerability in the protocol. It goes on to explain the attack scenario, details of the vulnerability, the root cause, and other flaws that made the attack possible. The source of vulnerability was never in the scope of any audits conducted by Omniscia, although it was audited by Sherlock in July 2022 with an active coverage policy with Euler at the time of exploit.

## Article 6
### [Metamask Sees Swaps Volume Hit All Time High Over Weekend (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Metamask Sees Swaps Volume Hit All Time High Over Weekend (2 minute read)

Metamask saw record levels of trading over the weekend due in part to the closure of top crypto-friendly banks and the ensuing volatility that occurred afterward.

## Article 7
### [Web3 Service Unstoppable Domains and Polygon Labs Roll Out .polygon Domains](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Web3 Service Unstoppable Domains and Polygon Labs Roll Out .polygon Domains

Web3 domain provider Unstoppable Domains is partnering with Polygon Labs to roll out the .polygon domain, allowing users to create a digital identity, interact with hundreds of integrated apps, and signal their support for Polygon.

