# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Balaji Srinivasan Says Hyperinflation Happening Now E28094 Makes Million-Dollar Bets on Bitcoin Price Exceeding $1M in 90 Days (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Balaji Srinivasan Says Hyperinflation Happening Now E28094 Makes Million-Dollar Bets on Bitcoin Price Exceeding $1M in 90 Days (3 minute read)

Renowned technologist and VC Balaji Srinivasan, former CTO of Coinbase, contends that hyperinflation is unfolding presently and took to Twitter last week to claim that he expects Bitcoin to reach $1 million within the next 90 days. Taking the claim one step further, Srinivasan has engaged in a million-dollar bet with James Medlock that this will happen. The narrative around Bitcoin as a safe haven in the midst of bank failures had already started taking hold last week prior to the buzz around this bet as the cryptocurrency rose from below $20k to $28k on Sunday. While it seems unlikely this wager is purely a financial play for Balaji, it is no doubt bringing renewed attention to Bitcoin as a potential safe haven asset.

## Article 2
### [Microsoft Testing Crypto Wallet in its Web Browser Edge: Bleeping Computer (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Microsoft Testing Crypto Wallet in its Web Browser Edge: Bleeping Computer (2 minute read)

Microsoft is reportedly developing a self-custody wallet for its Edge web browser, even offering a swap feature in collaboration with Consensys. The wallet, which is currently in a limited testing phase, will allow users to control their funds directly, without the need for extensions. It is said to support NFTs, crypto swaps, and integrations with Coinbase and Moonpay. While Microsoft had not officially confirmed the project at the time of this report, similar features are already available in rival browsers Opera and Brave.

## Article 3
### [UniDex SwapsV3 is Here (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UniDex SwapsV3 is Here (3 minute read)

UniDex has launched SwapsV3, an upgraded swap aggregator with an improved user interface, gasless order creation, and MEV-protected orders. The new aggregator allows users to make instant and gasless swaps, supports multiple cross-chain order fills, and only requires approval for one address to access all aggregators. SwapsV3 is compatible with most EVM chains and will support additional networks in the future. Limit orders will be introduced after the launch of PerpsV3, which aggregates perpetual positions across leverage protocols.

## Article 4
### [Guide to Qualify for the Potential LayerZero Airdrop (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Guide to Qualify for the Potential LayerZero Airdrop (5 minute read)

## Article 5
### [The Ugly Truth About Tokens: Why Most Projects Shouldn't Launch Them (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>The Ugly Truth About Tokens: Why Most Projects Shouldn't Launch Them (4 minute read)

