# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Your blockchain implementation is less secure than you think (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Your blockchain implementation is less secure than you think (Sponsor)

The best way to protect your users from malicious attackers is to make sure your code is secure. ThatE28099s where Coinspect comes in.We specialize in conducting security audits for blockchain projects - and we almost always find something. Our experts will inspect your code and identify any potential security vulnerabilities. WeE28099ll also provide detailed reports with suggested solutions to help you fix any issues.DonE28099t let a security breach be the downfall of your Web3 project. Contact Coinspect today and get the peace of mind that comes with secure code E28094 or visit our website to read case studies and see the results of previous audits.

## Article 2
### [Twitter Partners with eToro to Let Users Trade Stocks, Crypto as Musk Pushes App Into Finance (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Twitter Partners with eToro to Let Users Trade Stocks, Crypto as Musk Pushes App Into Finance (5 minute read)

Twitter is partnering with social trading company eToro to allow users to access and trade stocks, cryptocurrencies, and other financial assets from the app. The new feature, launched yesterday, will expand the range of assets available to users and enable them to trade on eToro's platform. This collaboration supports Elon Musk's vision of transforming Twitter into a "super app" that offers financial services alongside social media, ultimately aiming to become the world's largest financial institution.

## Article 3
### [Ether Price Swings Upward After Ethereum Upgrade, but What About the Future? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ether Price Swings Upward After Ethereum Upgrade, but What About the Future? (2 minute read)

After Ethereum's successful transition to PoS with the Shapella upgrade, fears of the upgrade not working or being delayed or unlocked ETH being dumped en masse seem to be behind the market. The upgrade enabled ETH stakers to withdraw their deposits from the Beacon Chain. Despite concerns of a potential price drop, new ETH deposits were actually outpacing withdrawals soon after withdrawals opened up, and ETHE28099s Relative Strength Index has risen to its highest level since January. Now that withdrawals are allowed, ETH has become somewhat of an E28098internet bondE28099 with reduced risk, increased liquidity, and an uptick in asset value for those wanting to stake.

## Article 4
### [Solana Saga, an Android Phone With a Crypto Twist (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Solana Saga, an Android Phone With a Crypto Twist (3 minute read)</span>

Solana Mobile has announced the Saga, an Android device that aims to combine a top-notch mobile phone experience with an array of web3 elements. The device features a separate Solana app store and a built-in seed vault for secure transactions. With a focus on security, the Saga utilizes Qualcomm's security features to ensure wallet private keys are protected. Sixteen apps will be available at launch in the app store, and users can claim a Saga NFT token when setting up their device. The Solana Saga will be available for order starting May 8 in select countries.</span>

## Article 5
### [Sommelier Launches New ETH Liquid Staking Token Vault (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sommelier Launches New ETH Liquid Staking Token Vault (2 minute read)

Sommelier has launched Real Yield ETH, an ETH liquid staking token vault developed in collaboration with Seven Seas Capital and DeFine Logic Labs. Real Yield ETH aims to generate yields on liquid staking tokens, such as rETH, stETH, and cbETH, using leveraged staking on Aave and Compound and LPE28099ing on Uniswap V3. The protocol is built on Sommelier, a part of the Cosmos IBC, and is an ERC-4626 vault on Ethereum. Real Yield ETH is expected to scale to over $60 million in total value locked while offering a 13%+ APY.

## Article 6
### [PowellE28099s Trouble With the Curve (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PowellE28099s Trouble With the Curve (10 minute read)

## Article 7
### [Exploit Involving Early Version of Yearn Finance Saw Damages of $11.6 Million: PeckShield (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Exploit Involving Early Version of Yearn Finance Saw Damages of $11.6 Million: PeckShield (2 minute read)

An early version of the DeFi protocol Yearn Finance, called iearn, was exploited for $11.6 million. The exploit was enabled by a misconfigured yUSDT token that was exploited to mint 1.2 quadrillion yUSDT using only $10,000. The attacker then swapped the yUSDT for other stablecoins. Yearn Finance's contributor Storm Blessed 0x confirmed that the issue was isolated to the iearn legacy protocol, and that Yearn v2 vaults were not impacted. Aave V1 was used during the attack, but the Aave team confirmed it was not exploited.

## Article 8
### [FTX Discovers $7.3 Billion in Assets After Bankruptcy (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FTX Discovers $7.3 Billion in Assets After Bankruptcy (2 minute read)

FTX, the now infamous exchange that filed for bankruptcy last year due to an $8 billion deficit, has reportedly recovered $7.3 billion in assets. The company enlisted forensic accountants, legal experts, and blockchain analysts to locate the lost funds, which were scattered across wallets and storage facilities. The recovery has sparked mixed reactions and may lead to new regulations and security measures for crypto companies. However, this could put FTX on a solid path toward solvency. Security measures to keep better track of funds will certainly be put in place as the Company evaluates restructuring options, such as re-launching the exchange or simply recouping deposits via the funds that have been found.</span>

## Article 9
### [Bitcoin Marketplace OpenBazaar Is Coming Back (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Marketplace OpenBazaar Is Coming Back (2 minute read)

OpenBazaar, a decentralized crypto-based marketplace, is set to relaunch after closing in 2020. CEO Brian Hoffman is rebuilding the platform, with OpenBazaar 3.0 anticipated to be released soon.

