# Articles TLDR Crypto 02-02-2023

## Article 1
### [BitcoinE28099s Big Bear Squeeze (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BitcoinE28099s Big Bear Squeeze (7 minute read)

Leverage can be a useful tool for gauging market sentiment. Traders getting forced out after remaining in leveraged trades for too long can be a sign of a macro trend shift. This article looks at how leverage dumped the market in 2022 and how there is an overarching trend change underway that could provide an excellent buying opportunity. It is best to practice patience in the current market but have a plan ready for ideal opportunities to ensure a good risk/reward ratio.

## Article 2
### [Uniswap temperature check spurs feverish backroom maneuvering among crypto VC heavyweights (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Uniswap temperature check spurs feverish backroom maneuvering among crypto VC heavyweights (3 minute read)

Wormhole won the community temperature check vote on which cross-chain bridge Uniswap's third iteration would use in a decisive victory. However, the outcome is not yet final and the official vote is still pending. Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, which holds 15 million tokens, was unable to participate in the temperature check due to the custodial set-up of its tokens. It would have voted for LayerZero if it was able to. Wormhole won the vote by around 11 million votes.

## Article 3
### [Damus, another decentralized social networking app, arrives to take on Twitter (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Damus, another decentralized social networking app, arrives to take on Twitter (3 minute read)

Damus, the first mobile application to utilize the Nostr protocol, which Jack Dorsey donated 14 bitcoin towards the development of, is now available on the App Store. Damus is an experiment in decentralized social networking. It is an open social network without a central authority. The app's decentralized relaying system allows users to sign up without a phone number, email, or name. Posts on Damus can exceed 280 characters and Bitcoin integration allows users to tip posts.

## Article 4
### [BinanceE28099s BNB Chain Announces New Decentralized Storage System (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BinanceE28099s BNB Chain Announces New Decentralized Storage System (1 minute read)

BNB Greenfield is a new decentralized data storage system on Binance's BNB Chain. It will be powered by BNB tokens and grant users and dApps complete ownership of their data. The system will support website hosting, publishing, data storage, and personal cloud applications. The BNB Greenfield testnet will be launched within the next few months.

## Article 5
### [Where Did All the Terra Developers Go? (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Where Did All the Terra Developers Go? (3 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Celsius Network: Final report from the examiner E28094 lies, incompetence and Ponzi schemes (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Celsius Network: Final report from the examiner E28094 lies, incompetence and Ponzi schemes (13 minute read)

Shoba Pillay has submitted her final report on the Celsius Network bankruptcy. The report was a total of 676 pages and included over 200 pages of appendices. The company was found to be both fraudulent and incompetently run. CEO Alex Mashinksy disregarded warnings from employees and lied to customers. Celsius was never profitable and was insolvent throughout its entire existence. It currently owes clients and creditors $5.5 billion.

## Article 7
### [Coinbase NFT Pauses New Collection Drops, Denies Shuttering Marketplace (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase NFT Pauses New Collection Drops, Denies Shuttering Marketplace (2 minute read)

Coinbase is temporarily halting drops to focus on features and tools for its NFT marketplace.

## Article 8
### [ord (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ord (GitHub Repo)

ord is a Bitcoin index, block explorer, and command-line wallet.

