# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Sort out your crypto tax nightmare. Built for DeFi and NFT trading (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sort out your crypto tax nightmare. Built for DeFi and NFT trading (Sponsor)

Backed by Coinbase Ventures with over 150k users, CryptoTaxCalculator is the most comprehensive crypto tax software in the market.Supports 800+ protocols across 87 chains like Ethereum, Solana, Arbitrum, and Osmosis<p>Optimised reports mean you donE28099t overpay on taxDirect support for TurboTax with coverage for US, Canada, UK, and 20 other countriesImport your wallets, generate your reports and finally sleep easy at night. TLDR readers can get 20% off any plan using TLDR20.

## Article 2
### [AI Token Search Traffic Spikes as Crypto Traders Seek Exposure (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI Token Search Traffic Spikes as Crypto Traders Seek Exposure (2 minute read)

Five of the top six trending cryptocurrencies on CoinGecko on Wednesday were related to artificial intelligence. Vaiot's VAI, SingularityNET's AGIX, Fetch.ai's FET, DeepBrain Chain's DBC, and GNY are all up at least 70% in the past week. AI tokens are garnering massive interest as traders try to capitalize on recent AI-related headlines. Google trends show that more people than ever are searching for ways to invest in AI technologies.

## Article 3
### [The GraphE28099s Token Doubles in 24 Hours (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The GraphE28099s Token Doubles in 24 Hours (3 minute read)

The Graph Network's GRT token was the best performing token in the top 100 crypto assets on Tuesday, almost doubling in value. Its indexing protocol helps developers interact with protocols such as Ethereum. Developers are able to create computer applications and allow programs to communicate with each other by creating and integrating subgraphs. Several factors may have contributed to GRT's success, such as Graph's recent announcement for support of four new blockchains and the latest AI token rally.

## Article 4
### [Brave Adds Support For Solana on iOS and Android (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Brave Adds Support For Solana on iOS and Android (2 minute read)

Brave has added support for Solana dApps in its mobile browser. The integration will allow users to connect with Solana NFT marketplaces and cryptocurrency exchanges. It will give users more protection and remove the need to jump between apps to sign transactions. Improving the user experience is one of the best ways to onboard new users.

## Article 5
### [Flux Finance is live (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Flux Finance is live (3 minute read)

Flux Finance is now live, providing permissionless lenders everywhere with on-chain yield from US Treasuries. It enables investors of all sizes from any location to access yield from tokenized US Treasuries through stablecoin loans. Lenders can earn interest by supplying stablecoins to Flux. Users can borrow stablecoins after posting OUSG as collateral. Supply and borrow rates are algorithmically determined. If a borrower becomes subject to liquidation, eligible parties can purchase OUSG from the borrower at a discounted rate.

## Article 6
### [Mantle: Unlocking the Potential of Modular Blockchain Scaling (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mantle: Unlocking the Potential of Modular Blockchain Scaling (7 minute read)

Mantle is a modular layer-2 blockchain built on Ethereum. Its method of scaling up the blockchain offers Ethereum-grade security at low costs. The Mantle testnet is live. This article is a guide on Mantle's key innovations and how the company's technology can improve the blockchain experience for users and dApps.

## Article 7
### [We're hearing rumors that the SEC would like to get rid of crypto staking in the U.S. for retail customers (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 We're hearing rumors that the SEC would like to get rid of crypto staking in the U.S. for retail customers (2 minute read)

There are rumors that the SEC wants to get rid of crypto staking in the US for retail customers. Brian Armstrong, CEO of Coinbase, argues that staking is not a security. He says that these technologies should be encouraged to grow and that it is a matter of national security that these capabilities be built out in the US. This sort of regulation will encourage companies to operate offshore.

## Article 8
### [Chiliz Launches Native Blockchain in Shift Away From 'Just Being a Token': CEO (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Chiliz Launches Native Blockchain in Shift Away From 'Just Being a Token': CEO (3 minute read)</span>

Chiliz, the startup behind fan token platform Socios, has launched a new layer-1 blockchain. The launch of Chiliz Chain 2.0 is accompanied by a logo rebrand and the project's fifth-anniversary celebrations. Chiliz Chain 2.0 is a fork of the BNB Chain. It is EVM-compatible. The Chiliz project aims to go from being just a token to becoming a blockchain ecosystem.

## Article 9
### [From $8 Mint to $4K Flip: Open Edition NFTs Are Reenergizing the Market (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>From $8 Mint to $4K Flip: Open Edition NFTs Are Reenergizing the Market (6 minute read)

## Article 10
### [Blur NFT Volume Beats OpenSea Again, With 30% of the Traders (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Blur NFT Volume Beats OpenSea Again, With 30% of the Traders (3 minute read)

Blur's activity is likely being fueled by an airdrop scheme and an impending token launch.

## Article 11
### [Robinhood Board Authorizes Purchase of Shares Bought by FTXE28099s Sam Bankman-Fried, Gary Wang (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Robinhood Board Authorizes Purchase of Shares Bought by FTXE28099s Sam Bankman-Fried, Gary Wang (2 minute read)

Robinhood will pursue purchasing most or all of the 55 million shares that Emergent Fidelity Technologies bought in May.

