# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-01-2023

## Article 1
### [Crypto Exchange Gemini Cutting Another 10% of Staff (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Exchange Gemini Cutting Another 10% of Staff (1 minute read)

Gemini is laying off 10% of its staff in its third round of layoffs since June. The exchange is unable to pay out funds to its Earn account holders due to Genesis Global Capital's bankruptcy. Gemini started 2022 with a headcount of 1,100 and ended the year with under 700 staff. An estimated 27,000 jobs have been lost across the crypto industry since April last year.

## Article 2
### [Ethereum Shanghai Mainnet Shadow Fork Goes Live (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Shanghai Mainnet Shadow Fork Goes Live (3 minute read)

Ethereum core developers on Monday announced the successful deployment of the first mainnet shadow fork to test the ETH staking withdrawal mechanism. The Shanghai upgrade, expected to launch in March, will introduce staked ETH withdrawals to Ethereum. There is almost $26.5 billion worth of staked ETH. The Shanghai update was originally expected to include other updates, but these were postponed in favor of prioritizing withdrawals.

## Article 3
### [Terra lending protocol Mars to launch mainnet (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Terra lending protocol Mars to launch mainnet (2 minute read)

Mars Hub will launch an independent Cosmos application chain on January 31. It will issue MARS tokens to users who held the token during two snapshots of Terra Classic. 50 million MARS tokens will be delegated to genesis validators at launch and returned to the community pool a month later to help protect the network from rogue validators. The Mars Hub mainnet will go live with 16 genesis validators, with an additional 34 slots for permissionless validators available post-launch.

## Article 4
### [What To Do When Banks Stop Fiat Withdrawals (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What To Do When Banks Stop Fiat Withdrawals (4 minute read)

Binance users will soon be unable to send or receive USD SWIFT wire transfers for amounts of less than $100,000 as Signature Bank, one of Binance's banking partners, wants to decrease its exposure to crypto. Banks have restricted crypto transactions and suspended accounts that have interacted with exchanges in the past. This article teaches readers how to use the Bisq Network DEX to trade between crypto and fiat peer-to-peer.

## Article 5
### [After FTX: How Congress Is Gearing Up to Regulate Crypto (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 After FTX: How Congress Is Gearing Up to Regulate Crypto (9 minute read)

The 118th US Congress will potentially see US lawmakers shape how virtual assets are used around the world. While the crypto industry is finally getting the priority status it wanted, FTX's fraud and other events have put the industry in a bad light. Crypto is now an unavoidable topic for members of Congress. There is a possibility of a stablecoin bill in the latter part of 2023.

## Article 6
### [DeFi Credit Rates - IPOR (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DeFi Credit Rates - IPOR (8 minute read)

One of the largest markets in the finance industry is Interest Rate Swaps, which accounts for roughly $600 trillion. An interest rate swap is an agreement between two parties to exchange one stream of interest payments for another over a set period of time. This market has been largely untested by DeFi protocols as they can't easily be translated on-chain. Inter Protocol Over-block Rate (IPOR) is a DeFi protocol that aims to provide a benchmark lending interest rate on-chain. This article introduces IPOR and explains how it plans to become the foundation of the DeFi credit market.

## Article 7
### [Web3 Social Wallet Tribes Launches With $3.3M in Funding (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Web3 Social Wallet Tribes Launches With $3.3M in Funding (2 minute read)

Tribes is a web3-native messaging and group wallet app.

## Article 8
### [MakerDAO Approves Deployment of $100M USDC on DeFi Protocol Yearn Finance (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MakerDAO Approves Deployment of $100M USDC on DeFi Protocol Yearn Finance (2 minute read)

Maker will open an individual non-custodial vault on Yearn with a ceiling set at $100 million to deposit USDC from its 'peg stability module'.

