# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Coinbase announces suspension of BUSD trading beginning March 13 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase announces suspension of BUSD trading beginning March 13 (2 minute read)

Coinbase announced that it will suspend trading of Binance USD (BUSD) on March 13, citing its "listing standards" as the reason behind the decision. The suspension will apply to all Coinbase services, and users will still have access to their funds. The decision follows reports earlier in the month of a Wells Notice by the SEC and an order from the New York State Department of Financial Services to Paxos to stop issuing BUSD. Paxos is now apparently in constructive talks with the SEC.

## Article 2
### [NFT Weekly Trading Volume on Ethereum Rises to Highest Level Since May (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NFT Weekly Trading Volume on Ethereum Rises to Highest Level Since May (2 minute read)

With arguably some of the best buy-side liquidity the NFT ecosystem has seen to date, NFT trading volume on ETH hit its highest level since May this past week. This spike in volume comes on the heels of BlurE28099s token drop in mid-February, which rewarded activity on its platform. With another tranche of 300 million BLUR tokens to drop at some point, Blur has been dominating NFT trading volume since the airdrop. One of the main incentive mechanisms Blur is leveraging is bidding activity. This has led to unprecedented liquidity in NFT order books. One trading firm, Degenz Finance, took advantage of this liquidity last week, cashing out 72 BAYCs for ~$9.25m in a move that would have been nearly impossible before this bidding liquidity injection.

## Article 3
### [ScrollE28099s zk-EVM Layer 2 Goes Live on EthereumE28099s Goerli Testnet (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ScrollE28099s zk-EVM Layer 2 Goes Live on EthereumE28099s Goerli Testnet (4 minute read)

Scroll has launched its zk-EVM on the Goerli testnet in an alpha testing phase ahead of a planned mainnet launch late this year. The network uses zero-knowledge proofs to achieve scalability, while maintaining EVM compatibility, making it easy for developers to port applications over to the network. There are two main ways to develop zk-EVMs: leveraging a programming language designed for zero-knowledge proofs or using Solidity. Those that are built with zk-native languages are easier to build but make it more difficult for developers to port to. zk-EVMs built with Solidity are harder to develop initially but make it much easier for projects to port over to. Scroll hopes that by using the latter approach, they will achieve greater adoption. Scroll is one of several projects competing for zk-EVM adoption, but Scroll believes there is room for co-existence between these competitors.

## Article 4
### [Binance Smart Chain: Sleeping Giant (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance Smart Chain: Sleeping Giant (4 minute read)

Binance Smart Chain is the most active smart contract platform and has the most users and developers, yet it has little mindshare in the crypto community and relatively few DeFi applications. This could be due to the low quality of protocols on the chain. Its lack of mindshare could also be due to Westerners not being quite as familiar with the chain and its protocols. Even so, user count and developer activity has remained incredibly high even in the bear market, suggesting the potential that exists there. This deep dive highlights some of the surprising levels of activity on the chain and why BSC may be a sleeping giant.

## Article 5
### [DonE28099t Call It E28098CryptoE28099: How Some Blockchain and NFT Projects are Rebranding (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DonE28099t Call It E28098CryptoE28099: How Some Blockchain and NFT Projects are Rebranding (6 minute read)

Crypto and associated buzzwords like E2809CNFTE2809D and E2809CblockchainE2809D have developed a negative connotation to some, so some companies are rebranding to more mainstream terms like E2809CDigital CollectiblesE2809D. Even if under a different name, Instagram, Square Enix, Riot Platforms and Reddit are still embracing these technologies, and experts believe that as people become more accustomed to them, the negative sentiment will subside. The article claims that in the long run, it will not matter what the technology is called. The crux of the matter is that while rebranding efforts can help, the key lies in informing and educating the public on the technologyE28099s value propositions.</span>

## Article 6
### [Yuga Labs Announces Generative Ordinals NFT Collection on Bitcoin Blockchain (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Yuga Labs Announces Generative Ordinals NFT Collection on Bitcoin Blockchain (2 minute read)

Iconic NFT brand Yuga Labs is diving into the Ordinal fray, launching its own inscriptions on Bitcoin via the Ordinal protocol. The collection, named TwelveFold, will feature 300 generative art pieces with 3D elements and hand-drawn features.

