# Articles TLDR Crypto 28-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Coinbase Responds to the SECE28099s Wells Notice (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Responds to the SECE28099s Wells Notice (1 minute read)

Coinbase has responded to the SEC's Wells notice, asserting that they have not changed since being allowed to go public two years ago and still do not list securities. They seek SEC compliance to register for listing securities in the future. Coinbase makes clear that it will continue building its platform, seek legislation from Congress, and request SEC rulemaking for clearer crypto regulation.

## Article 2
### [Galaxy Digital to Develop European-Listed ETPs With Asset Manager DWS (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Galaxy Digital to Develop European-Listed ETPs With Asset Manager DWS (1 minute read)

## Article 3
### [Solana Labs Preps ChatGPT Plugin for Real-Time Blockchain Analysis (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Solana Labs Preps ChatGPT Plugin for Real-Time Blockchain Analysis (3 minute read)

Solana Labs is developing a ChatGPT plugin to facilitate Solana blockchain queries through OpenAI's chat interface. Upon launch, users will be able to perform tasks like checking wallet balances, transferring tokens, and buying NFTs using the ChatGPT interface. A beta version is available for developers to play around with on Solana Labs' GitHub account. Solana aims to promote safe and human-interpretable standards for large language models and the transactions going through them and is granting $1 million to spur different AI use cases on Solana.

## Article 4
### [Polygon Bridge for Polygon zkEVM (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Polygon Bridge for Polygon zkEVM (2 minute read)

Polygon has introduced a bridge for its zkEVM to enhance blockchain scaling. The bridge offers a similar user experience to Polygon's PoS counterpart but includes UX improvements like a visible progress bar, transaction history, and filtering options. Polygon zkEVM's bridge is powered by zk tech, providing fast transaction finality and supporting various assets such as ERC-20 and ERC-777 tokens. This bridge also removes mapping requirements for users, which can save hours or days for users and makes for a much cleaner UX.

## Article 5
### [Time, Slots, and the Ordering of Events in Ethereum Proof-of-Stake (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Time, Slots, and the Ordering of Events in Ethereum Proof-of-Stake (11 minute read)

## Article 6
### [FBI Searches Home of Top FTX Executive (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FBI Searches Home of Top FTX Executive (4 minute read)

The FBI searched the home of Ryan Salame, a former FTX executive and major Republican campaign donor. Salame has recently come under scrutiny due to the $24 million in campaign contributions he made during last yearE28099s primaries. These contributions were part of an aggregate $90 million worth of donations made to political campaigns by former FTX employees. The crux of the scrutiny is that authorities and court filings are claiming most of these funds were misappropriated from FTX exchange users. The search indicates the ongoing investigation into FTX's collapse, as federal prosecutors prepare for the trial of Sam Bankman-Fried, the cryptocurrency exchange's founder, who faces charges of fraud and illegal campaign finance schemes.

## Article 7
### [Sui Performance Update (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sui Performance Update (5 minute read)

As it gears up for mainnet launch on May 3, Sui has achieved a peak throughput between 10,871 to 297,000 transactions per second with 100 globally distributed validators as it has been running tests on the network. The time to finality is around 480 milliseconds. Sui uses Programmable Transaction Blocks (PTB), allowing complex, composable sequences of transactions with atomic execution. PTB supports up to 1024 transactions, enabling unbounded expressivity and efficiency. Sui plans to refine scalability and benchmark tooling, horizontal scalability for intra-validator scaling, and resilience to individual validator under-performance in the future.

