# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Build compliant web3 projects - on autopilot (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Build compliant web3 projects - on autopilot (Sponsor)

## Article 2
### [Ledger Defends Crypto Wallet Recovery Tool Against Hostile Reaction from Security Experts (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ledger Defends Crypto Wallet Recovery Tool Against Hostile Reaction from Security Experts (3 minute read)

Ledger's new recovery tool, Ledger Recover, which allows encrypted shards of a user's seed phrase to be sent to third parties for recovery, has sparked concerns among users and security experts. Critics fear that the shards could be reconstructed by the companies receiving them, exposing the keys. Ledger, however, insists that the decryption can only happen on the user's device after identity verification. The Paris-based company plans to charge $9.99 a month for the service, which will initially be available in the US, UK, EU, and Canada.

## Article 3
### [SEC Responds to Coinbase Request For Action: E28098NoE28099 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC Responds to Coinbase Request For Action: E28098NoE28099 (2 minute read)

The SEC has responded to Coinbase's recent demands for clear crypto industry regulations, stating that Coinbase does not have the right to dictate the SEC's timeline for action. The SEC argues that deliberation over significant changes, like those requested by Coinbase, requires time, especially considering the CommissionE28099s active regulatory and enforcement agenda. Coinbase filed their suit in response to a Wells Notice received in March, related to the exchange's Wallet and Prime services. The SEC contends that Coinbase's desire for immediate action does not entitle it to special relief.

## Article 4
### [The Rise of FTX, and Sam Bankman-Fried, Was a Great Story. Its Implosion Is Even Better. (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Rise of FTX, and Sam Bankman-Fried, Was a Great Story. Its Implosion Is Even Better. (6 minute read)

As was reported last year, Michael Lewis is releasing a book about the rise and fall of Sam Bankman-Fried, the founder of FTX, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges. Titled "Going Infinite: The Rise and Fall of a New Tycoon," the book recounts how Lewis, initially introduced to Bankman-Fried by a friend, became an observer of an unfolding scandal. FTX faced a spectacular collapse, with Bankman-Fried accused of money laundering, bribery, and fraudulent schemes. Lewis, having shadowed Bankman-Fried for about a year, captured the unfolding events. The book is due to release on October 3.

## Article 5
### [Hong Kong's Crypto Licensing Regime Expected to Launch Next Month (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hong Kong's Crypto Licensing Regime Expected to Launch Next Month (3 minute read)

Hong Kong is set to launch a crypto licensing regime next month, aiming to become a leading crypto hub. The Securities and Futures Commission will release final guidelines for crypto exchanges in May. The new rules, expected to allow retail investors to trade major cryptocurrencies from June 1, were formed after a public consultation process. Currently, investors with portfolios under $1 million face restrictions in trading. The SFC is also exploring other digital asset applications, including a central bank digital currency.

## Article 6
### [Who Will Drive ENS Mass Adoption? (22 minutes)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Who Will Drive ENS Mass Adoption? (22 minutes)

This article explains the areas of support ENS will require to be adopted by the masses. Interestingly, the author believes some of the most important vectors to reach the masses will be adoption by centralized services like CEXs, API providers, gaming companies, etc.

## Article 7
### [Digital Finance: Council Adopts New Rules on Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Digital Finance: Council Adopts New Rules on Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) (2 minute read)

The EU has adopted the Markets in Crypto-assets (MiCA) regulation, creating an EU-wide framework to enhance transparency and prevent misuse in the crypto sector.

## Article 8
### [Origin Protocol Enters Competitive Ether Yield Market With OETH Offering (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Origin Protocol Enters Competitive Ether Yield Market With OETH Offering (2 minute read)

Origin Protocol is launching Origin Ether, an ether derivative enabling holders to earn yield from staking ether. The yield-boosting token can be minted via ether or liquid staking derivative deposits.

