# Articles TLDR Crypto 19-01-2023

## Article 1
### [Awaken aims to disrupt the crypto tax industry with its brand-new consumer product (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Awaken aims to disrupt the crypto tax industry with its brand-new consumer product (Sponsor)

Last tax season, Yash and Andrew paid $500+ on crypto tax products that didn't work. It was such a nightmare, they set out to build Awaken.Awaken accurately handles web3, including staking, ENS, and NFTs.AwakenE28099s intelligent software learns as you use it, saving you hours of time.AwakenE28099s user interface is E2809Ccleaner than a freshly rugged wallet.E2809D (Yash insisted on having us include this).Claim $100 of free credits (first 500 signups)

## Article 2
### [Genesis is planning to file for bankruptcy (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Genesis is planning to file for bankruptcy (1 minute read)

Genesis is reportedly preparing to file for bankruptcy as early as this week. The exchange has previously stated its intentions to file for bankruptcy if it were unable to raise cash. The US SEC recently charged Genesis with offering unregistered securities through Gemini's Earn program. Genesis' liquidity issues stem from the collapse of Three Arrows Capital and FTX.

## Article 3
### [Circle, Uniswap Research Says DeFi Can Solve $2 Trillion FX Risk Problem (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle, Uniswap Research Says DeFi Can Solve $2 Trillion FX Risk Problem (1 minute read)

Crypto's innovations could solve a major ongoing financial-stability concern for regulators. About $2.2 trillion in foreign exchange transactions every day carry a risk that the yet-to-be-settled side of an agreement won't meet obligations. A new paper from Circle Internet Financial and Uniswap Labs claims that a distributed ledger could solve the problem with simultaneous settlement. An on-chain foreign exchange could offer faster and more affordable transaction processes and greater liquidity and stability.

## Article 4
### [Rarible Expands NFT Marketplace Builder to Polygon-Based Collections (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rarible Expands NFT Marketplace Builder to Polygon-Based Collections (1 minute read)

Rarible has expanded its marketplace building tool for Polygon-based collections. Polygon users can now create their own collection-specific storefront using Rarible's infrastructure. Rarible features tools that can pull NFT listings from secondary marketplaces. Hype around Polygon has grown over the past few months as several companies, such as Starbucks and Instagram, have chosen the network to power their NFT programs.

## Article 5
### [How to Start a Headless Brand (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to Start a Headless Brand (6 minute read)

Brands have been traditionally planned and designed directly by corporations. The rise of networked media and blockchain-based DAOs has incentivized users to spread brand narratives of their own. Users can contribute to smart-contract based feeds where rewards and recognition are determined at the protocol level instead of spending energy on social media platforms gaming an algorithm to build a following that is becoming less convertible into social or financial capital every day. This article discusses headless brands, what success looks like for a headless brand, and how to start or join a headless brand.

## Article 6
### [Did It Really Take Just 13 People To Hard Fork Polygon? (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Did It Really Take Just 13 People To Hard Fork Polygon? (4 minute read)

Polygon successfully completed a hard fork on Tuesday to provide users with faster transactions and less frequent gas fee spikes. The network's 100 validators were invited to participate in voting for the hard fork. Only 15 validators ended up voting. Polygon's governance process has been criticized as being undemocratic and overly centralized. As validators need to upgrade their software to complete the hard fork, upgrading can be considered a vote in support.

## Article 7
### [Bitzlato crypto exchange seized for ransomware, drugs money laundering (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitzlato crypto exchange seized for ransomware, drugs money laundering (2 minute read)

Anatoly Legkodymov, founder of Bitzlato, has been arrested by the US Department of Justice for allegedly helping cybercriminals launder money. Bitzlato was a haven for criminal proceeds and funds intended for use in criminal activity due to its deficient know-your-customer procedures. Its largest counterparty in cryptocurrency transactions was one of the largest and longest-running darknet markets in the world. Legkodymov was allegedly aware of the illicit activity that was widespread across his platform.

## Article 8
### [Perpetuals Action Soars as Volatility Stokes Trading (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Perpetuals Action Soars as Volatility Stokes Trading (3 minute read)

Synthetix has seen daily active users jump from 2,300 to 5,800 a day since it launched a second iteration of its perpetuals platform on Optimism in December.

## Article 9
### [Coinbase Announces 'Difficult Decision' to Shutter Operations in Japan (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Announces 'Difficult Decision' to Shutter Operations in Japan (2 minute read)

Customers will have until February 16 to withdraw their funds from Coinbase Japan, after which the funds will be sent to a Guaranty Account from where the customers will need to retrieve it themselves.

