# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Bitcoin Investors Are Plotting a Major Coup (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Investors Are Plotting a Major Coup (9 minute read)

## Article 2
### [Jump Crypto Is Unnamed Firm That Made $1.28B From Do KwonE28099s Doomed Terra Ecosystem (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jump Crypto Is Unnamed Firm That Made $1.28B From Do KwonE28099s Doomed Terra Ecosystem (3 minute read)

US regulators are suing Do Kwon and Terraform Labs for the failure of its TerraUSD (UST) stablecoin and LUNA token. The SECE28099s complaint accused Kwon and Terraform of securities fraud and selling unregistered securities that harmed US investors. The complaint also mentioned an unnamed US trading firm that had an exclusive market-making agreement with Terraform Labs, but the firm was not accused of any wrongdoing. The unnamed trading partner that made $1.28 billion in profits before TerraE28099s $40 billion ecosystem collapsed is apparently Jump Crypto.

## Article 3
### [OpenSea Goes Zero-Fee, Creator Royalties Optional (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenSea Goes Zero-Fee, Creator Royalties Optional (2 minute read)

OpenSea announced on Friday that it will temporarily eliminate its marketplace fees. Additionally, it will default all collections without on-chain royalty enforcement to optional creator royalties starting at 0.5%. OpenSea has adjusted its blocklist of other marketplaces to allow sales on NFT marketplaces with the same policies, including Blur. Creators can now earn full royalties on their collections without having to choose between OpenSea and Blur.

## Article 4
### [Compute legos: driving the next phase of crypto innovation (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Compute legos: driving the next phase of crypto innovation (7 minute read)

'Money legos' allow developers to build on existing DeFi infrastructure, driving fintech innovation at a fast pace. This helped create a rapid growth in DeFi usage. However, two key issues are preventing further crypto innovation: limited compute power and perverse incentives around open-source software. Cloud services provide compute legos to enable full composability with improved developer incentives. This could lead to a new wave of crypto innovation.

## Article 5
### [Nishad Singh, a Top Bankman-Fried Associate, Nears Plea Deal in FTX Probe (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nishad Singh, a Top Bankman-Fried Associate, Nears Plea Deal in FTX Probe (4 minute read)

Nishad Singh is expected to plead guilty to US criminal charges related to a multiyear fraud at crypto exchange FTX. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission are planning to sue Singh over his alleged role in the scheme. Singh had a close relationship with Bankman-Fried. He helped write the software the exchange was built on. The deal, which could involve cooperating with authorities, has yet to be finalized.

## Article 6
### [Bitcoin Miners Are Playing a High-Stakes Game of Chicken (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Miners Are Playing a High-Stakes Game of Chicken (7 minute read)

Miners are scrambling to ensure that they are in a strong financial position in preparation for the halving in 2024, when the number of coins rewarded for mining will be slashed by half.

## Article 7
### [Is Coinbase going to use the Rocket Pool protocol as its staking service provider? (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Is Coinbase going to use the Rocket Pool protocol as its staking service provider? (1 minute read)

## Article 8
### [Bank of Russia to Pilot CBDC in April (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bank of Russia to Pilot CBDC in April (1 minute read)

The central bank digital currency will be piloted with selected clients.

