# Articles TLDR Crypto 26-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Ethereum DEXs Attract Most Traders Since 2021 as Memecoin Popularity Soars (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum DEXs Attract Most Traders Since 2021 as Memecoin Popularity Soars (2 minute read)

Ethereum-based DEXs saw a spike in trading activity over the past week, reaching over 72,000 daily traders on April 19th, the highest level since 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a memecoin frenzy, with tokens like $PEPE seeing significant short-term surges. At the same time, this sucked liquidity from the NFT ecosystem with NFT volumes declining to their lowest level since July 2021. The rise in DEX trading activity led to higher gas fees on Ethereum - some of the highest levels weE28099ve seen in the bear market - which could have also contributed to the lack of activity in NFTs.

## Article 2
### [Google Pushes Forward in web3 With Cloud Startup Program (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Google Pushes Forward in web3 With Cloud Startup Program (2 minute read)

Google Cloud is introducing benefits for web3 startups in its Startups Cloud Program. The benefits include foundation partner grants, $10,000 in Alchemy credits, and access to Alchemy University and the Polygon Ventures Ecosystem Fund. Startups can apply through two tiers: the starting tier for pre-seed, younger startups, and the scale tier for seed to Series A startups founded within the last 10 years. Google Cloud has previously engaged with web3, launching the Blockchain Node Engine and investing in blockchain tech through Alphabet.

## Article 3
### [A New Chapter For web3 Data (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A New Chapter For web3 Data (2 minute read)

Dune has launched its API for all users, enabling them to turn query results into API endpoints. The company has also revamped subscription plans with increased flexibility, API access, and unlimited collaboration. The free user experience is now more powerful, featuring 10 private queries, a private dashboard, CSV downloads, 2500 credits, and API access. These changes make Dune more accessible for both free and paid users and open the world of blockchain data up even further.

## Article 4
### [Comparing the Top 5 Chains by Economic Activity (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Comparing the Top 5 Chains by Economic Activity (4 minute read)

This article argues that economic activity is the most important metric to evaluate a blockchain on. The author introduces the concepts of passive and active economic activity. The top two chains, Ethereum and Bitcoin, have high passive economic activity, storing significant amounts of value. Ethereum also excels in active economic activity. The next three contenders, Tron, Arbitrum One, and Binance Smart Chain, show varying levels of passive and active economic activity. The author indicates that Bitcoin and Ethereum are far ahead of the following three chains in terms of economic activity and by the same token, those three are far ahead of other ecosystems outside of the top five. It will likely take some creativity and innovation for a new protocol to break the network effects of these five and make it into the top five.

## Article 5
### [Gensler Suing Chuck E. Cheese (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gensler Suing Chuck E. Cheese (12 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Uniswap New Pools Watcher - A Dune API Demo (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Uniswap New Pools Watcher - A Dune API Demo (GitHub Repo)

As we mentioned above, the Dune API has been released but itE28099s new, so you may have trouble diving in and figuring out how to apply it. This project was designed as a tutorial to teach you how to use the Dune API.

## Article 7
### [Hong Kong Reflections: What The East and West Can Learn From Each Other (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hong Kong Reflections: What The East and West Can Learn From Each Other (5 minute read)

