# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Drata is the leader in security and compliance automation E28094 find out why (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Drata is the leader in security and compliance automation E28094 find out why (Sponsor)

Drata is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks E28094 potentially saving hundreds of audit-prepping hours.Thousands of customers trust Drata, including companies such as BambooHR, Notion, and Postman. 386 reviewers on G2 have rated its solution 4.9 on average.Want to find out what all the fuss is about? NowE28099s your chance. TLDR readers and community members get 10% off and waived implementation fees. Claim your exclusive offer now</span>

## Article 2
### [FTX's Former Sales Chief Says Bankrupt Crypto Exchange Should Relaunch (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FTX's Former Sales Chief Says Bankrupt Crypto Exchange Should Relaunch (3 minute read)

Former FTX Head of Institutional Sales, Zane Tackett, has suggested that FTX should relaunch and enable trading of a token representing creditor claims. By resurrecting the exchange and adding a market for trading creditor claims, Tackett believes it could provide some value to creditors. He cites Bitfinex's BFX token after its 2016 hack as a potential model. However, he acknowledges that the relaunch would face some obvious challenges, including whether or not to use recovered funds to finance the reboot, the optics around that, and ensuring the right people manage the relaunched exchange.

## Article 3
### [EthereumE28099s Shanghai Upgrade Is Complete, Starting New Era of Staking Withdrawals (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EthereumE28099s Shanghai Upgrade Is Complete, Starting New Era of Staking Withdrawals (7 minute read)

Ethereum's Shanghai hard fork, or "Shapella", is finished, so now that the chain has transitioned to a full proof-of-stake network, users can withdraw their staked ETH. Within 30 minutes of activation, approximately $10 million worth of ETH was withdrawn. This upgrade marks a significant milestone, with Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin stating that the hardest parts of the transition to PoS are over. The price of ETH remained stable during and shortly after the transition, as analysts continued to speculate on the impact of withdrawals on the market and whether there are significantly more withdrawals to come or not.

## Article 4
### [Metropolis Wants to Make It Easier To Spot Faulty Smart Contract Permissions (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Metropolis Wants to Make It Easier To Spot Faulty Smart Contract Permissions (2 minute read)

Metropolis is aiming to address the issue of hacks from faulty smart contract permissions with the launch of "The Podarchy Explorer," a spatial interface for seeing smart contract permissions. The platform allows users to look for any on-chain entity and identify connections and permissions, helping users take steps to improve security and avoid unwanted permissions. The Podarchy Explorer focuses on two areas of on-chain control: Safe membership and OpenZeppelin access control. Metropolis believes the tool will surface flaws and anti-patterns that will benefit the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem with a reduction in unwanted or faulty permissions.

## Article 5
### [Unstoppable Games will launch web3 sci-fi MMO Influence on Starknet (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unstoppable Games will launch web3 sci-fi MMO Influence on Starknet (7 minute read)

Unstoppable Games is launching Influence, a web3 science fiction MMO game, on Starknet, an L2 for Ethereum. The game's launch NFT assets sale started earlier this week, with the game set for a summer release. Influence is a space strategy game inspired by Eve Online and The Expanse, featuring decentralized gameplay where players determine the future. The game's universe features a realistic asteroid belt with accurate orbital mechanics, offering players an immersive and decentralized gaming environment. Starknet's L2 scaling makes NFT transactions efficient and low-cost, allowing for more complex web3 experiences. As many expect gaming to be the focal point of the next bull run, it will be interesting to see if this game from an experienced studio manages to gain mass market appeal.

## Article 6
### [Towards AMM 2.0: Creating an Ecosystem for Advanced AMM Applications (AAA) (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Towards AMM 2.0: Creating an Ecosystem for Advanced AMM Applications (AAA) (4 minute read)

This article points out that Active Liquidity Management solutions are evolving to better address the challenges inherent in DeFi and walks through some of the specific ALM solutions. Boosted balancer pools and Advanced AMM Applications (AAAs) are proposed as ways to improve the precision and efficiency of liquidity management. AAAs can potentially create a new ecosystem of apps around AMMs, allowing decentralized, precise, and efficient management of liquidity. However, these innovations must address concerns such as gas costs, security, and ecological impact to ensure their sustainable integration into the DeFi ecosystem.

## Article 7
### [Alameda to Be Repaid $53M Deltec Loan, Delaware Bankruptcy Court Rules (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Alameda to Be Repaid $53M Deltec Loan, Delaware Bankruptcy Court Rules (2 minute read)

A bankruptcy court judge ruled that Alameda Research, the hedge fund owned by SBF that siphoned user deposits from FTX, is to be repaid nearly $53 million for a loan made in 2021 to Deltec International Group. The case was complicated because of unreliable record keeping by the failed crypto exchange. Deltec, a Cayman Islands company that provided banking services to stablecoin firm Tether, is ordered to pay Alameda the owed amount plus daily interest. The loan's contract was approved by FTX Digital Markets' co-CEO, Ryan Salame, who allegedly acted without proper authorization.

## Article 8
### [MiCA: What EuropeE28099s New Crypto Rules Mean for the Industry (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MiCA: What EuropeE28099s New Crypto Rules Mean for the Industry (10 minute read)

The European Union is expected to pass its landmark crypto regulations, MiCA, in April. MiCA focuses on crypto-asset providers and sets obligations for them to declare while enforcing strict requirements for stablecoin operators. If approved, the new rules will unify regulations across all 27 EU member states, providing consistency for crypto businesses. Countries will have up to 18 months to implement the regulations, with the European Securities and Markets Authority detailing the application guidelines. The regulations aim to promote transparency, investor protection, and market stability. In the US, one of the biggest roadblocks for crypto firms is the lack of clear regulation. This move by the EU will help promote innovation as companies and individuals will have more clear guardrails around what they are and are not allowed to do.

## Article 9
### [Reddit Just Dropped Thousands More NFTs on Polygon From Over 100 Artists (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Reddit Just Dropped Thousands More NFTs on Polygon From Over 100 Artists (6 minute read)

Reddit launched its third NFT collection, featuring 100+ artists and future realities themes. The previous collections attracted 7.3 million wallets and minted 10.6 million avatars with a $74.5 million market cap.

