# Articles TLDR Crypto 23-02-2023

## Article 1
### [NBA-Branded 'Top Shot Moments' NFTs May Be Securities, Judge Rules in Dapper Labs Case (5 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NBA-Branded 'Top Shot Moments' NFTs May Be Securities, Judge Rules in Dapper Labs Case (5 min read)

A federal judge has ruled that Dapper Labs' NBA-branded "Top Shot" NFTs might be securities and denied the company's motion to dismiss the class-action lawsuit against them, as the judge ruled that the first and second prongs of the Howey Test are met. He concluded that Dapper Labs' offer of Moments could be an "investment contract" and a "security", requiring registration with the SEC. Dapper Labs now has three weeks to respond to the lawsuit.

## Article 2
### [Layer 2 Network Arbitrum Surpasses Ethereum in Daily Transactions (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Layer 2 Network Arbitrum Surpasses Ethereum in Daily Transactions (2 min read)</span>

On Tuesday, Arbitrum surpassed Ethereum in daily transactions and unique addresses for the first time, increasing its dominance as the leading L2 rollup. Numerous financial applications have emerged on the platform, but its one-day fees are still much lower than Ethereum's. The increased activity may be due to speculation of a potential Arbitrum airdrop.

## Article 3
### [Beyond Hype: Understanding the Impact of Airdrops on NFT Marketplace Performance (10 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Beyond Hype: Understanding the Impact of Airdrops on NFT Marketplace Performance (10 min read)

This dashboard looks at the impact of airdrops from Blur, LooksRare, and X2Y2 on marketplace performance with a focus on customer acquisition cost and how the top traders profited from them. While, overall, the airdrops have generated some increases in volume and user engagement, they were not enough to generate long-term impact and users were quick to dump the tokens; however, this hasnE28099t been fully played out with Blur yet.

## Article 4
### [Sepolia Shapella Announcement (3 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sepolia Shapella Announcement (3 min read)

The Shanghai-Capella upgrade on the Sepolia testnet, part of a series of upgrades aimed at enabling ether withdrawals from network validators, has been officially scheduled for Feb. 28. The upgrade has already been tested on the Zhejiang testnet, revealing some minor bugs that have been addressed, and will be followed by a final phase of testing on the Goerli testnet in March before finally launching on mainnet.

## Article 5
### [dYdX: A new era for decentralized perpetual protocols (12 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 dYdX: A new era for decentralized perpetual protocols (12 min read)

DEXs have been gaining more and more traction in light of regulations around and failures of some centralized exchanges over the past year. This article runs through the thesis for dYdX and an in-depth breakdown of the structural dynamics of exchanges including comparisons between DEXs and CEXs.

## Article 6
### [The Royalty Wars (20 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Royalty Wars (20 min read)

A great breakdown, with rich historical context, on NFT royalties and how theyE28099ve trended down over time.

## Article 7
### [Frax Finance Community Votes For Collateralizing its $1B Stablecoin (4 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Frax Finance Community Votes For Collateralizing its $1B Stablecoin (4 min read)</span>

The voting period for Frax FinanceE28099s FIP-188 concluded Wednesday with 98% of the community voting for a 100% collateralization ratio of FRAX, the 5th largest stablecoin.

## Article 8
### [A Day in the Life of a Dev: EthereumE28099s Justin Florentine (9 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Day in the Life of a Dev: EthereumE28099s Justin Florentine (9 min read)

If youE28099ve ever wondered what an Ethereum core developer does, this E2809Cday in the life ofE2809D article gives you a good idea.

