# Articles TLDR Crypto 05-07-2023

## Article 1
### [Traders Flocking Back to Centralized Exchanges Amid Bitcoin Rally (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Traders Flocking Back to Centralized Exchanges Amid Bitcoin Rally (2 minute read)

The DEX to CEX volume ratio fell from 22% in May to 16.8% in June and has dipped further so far in July according to The Block's data. This comes as attention in the crypto market has shifted from the meme coin craze we saw in May to excitement around the potential for spot ETFs and what that could mean for institutional adoption. As the attention shifted from meme coins and altcoins to majors like BTC and ETH, traders and investors began to shift volume to CEXs where these majors are more easily traded.

## Article 2
### [Gemini's Cameron Winklevoss Tweets $1.5B 'Final Offer' in Debt Talks Over Crypto Firm Genesis (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gemini's Cameron Winklevoss Tweets $1.5B 'Final Offer' in Debt Talks Over Crypto Firm Genesis (2 minute read)

Gemini crypto exchange co-founder Cameron Winklevoss has proposed a final offer in debt-restructuring talks for the bankrupt digital-asset firm Genesis. The deal involves $1.5 billion in forbearance payments and new loans. Winklevoss accused DCG, Genesis's owner, of delaying a satisfactory repayment plan for Genesis creditors and missing a $630 million payment to Genesis. The consequences of rejecting the deal could result in lawsuits and a "non-consensual" debt-repayment plan against DCG.

## Article 3
### [New Bitcoin Standard BRC-69 Removes Data Limit for Ordinals (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New Bitcoin Standard BRC-69 Removes Data Limit for Ordinals (2 minute read)

The proposed BRC-69 token standard for Ordinals addresses the limitation on inscription size that plagues prior Ordinals standards. Utilizing "recursive inscriptions," it facilitates creating new inscriptions using data from existing ones, which can reduce costs by more than 90%. The upgrade simplifies the process for minters and enables the effective use of on-chain resources. This development is considered significant in Bitcoin's history, hinting at an "internal internet" for the blockchain where files can interact with one another. This proposal follows a flurry of other recent developments in the space, like Bitmaps, which allows claiming ownership of Bitcoin blocks.

## Article 4
### [fxhash 2.0 - Expanding to Ethereum (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 fxhash 2.0 - Expanding to Ethereum (3 minute read)

Tezos-based generative art platform, fxhash, is planning to make a big move with fxhash 2.0, expanding its on-chain minting services to Ethereum. After this integration, users will have the freedom to choose Ethereum or Tezos based on which one is best suited to their needs. The expansion aims to offer a seamless user experience regardless of the chosen chain, with an eye towards simply celebrating art rather than focusing on which chain itE28099s on. In fact, fxhash 2.0 will display both Tezos-minted and Ethereum-minted pieces right next to each other in the marketplace. fxhash is slated to release the multichain update by Fall or Winter of this year.

## Article 5
### [Deciphering GMX v2: The Next Wave of Decentralized Perps (27 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Deciphering GMX v2: The Next Wave of Decentralized Perps (27 minute read)

GMX, a leading entity in the decentralized perpetual trading scene, is preparing for its v2 transition. The upgrade aims to resolve existing sector issues and strengthen GMX's position within the derivatives market. Key improvements include a revised pricing model, refined operational mechanisms, and enhanced trading functionalities. However, there are still challenges to overcome like potential system exploits, attracting liquidity, and integrating with third-party providers.

## Article 6
### [The Ultimate Airdrop Dashboard (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Ultimate Airdrop Dashboard (8 minute read)

The Ultimate Airdrop Dashboard as a way to keep up with different potential airdrops on the horizon and to provide a convenient way to get info about them. This thread lays out some of the top potential upcoming airdrops and gives overviews of the projects. LayerZero has developed an interoperability protocol that connects different blockchain networks, raising $260M. Other projects on the dashboard include zkSync, a trustless protocol enabling cost-effective transactions; StarkNet, a permissionless ZK-Rollup providing scale for Ethereum-based dApps; and MetaMask, the most popular hot wallet in the space.

## Article 7
### [Hong Kong Urged to Issue Stablecoin to Compete with Tether and USDC (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hong Kong Urged to Issue Stablecoin to Compete with Tether and USDC (2 minute read)

Several prominent figures in Hong Kong and Hong Kong's web3 Association have proposed that the Hong Kong government introduce a stablecoin backed by the city's foreign exchange reserves. They cite potential benefits like improved financial inclusiveness and transaction efficiency. They argue that a government-backed stablecoin could also decrease risk and increase credibility compared to those issued by private institutions and could assist in de-dollarizing Hong KongE28099s economy. The proposal even suggests it could spur the digitization of traditional assets and boost financial innovation and competitiveness.

## Article 8
### [Getting to the Synthetix v3 End Game (8 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Getting to the Synthetix v3 End Game (8 minute read)</strong>

Synthetix v3, a liquidity layer for decentralized finance, is gradually taking over its predecessor, v2. Key features of v3 include Liquidity Providers being able to delegate collateral to Pools and mint sUSD, increasing their rewards and the circulation of this native stablecoin. The new system, live on mainnet and mainly focusing on the spot market, aims to streamline derivatives and financial products. While the transition is ongoing, incentives are expected to shift from v2 to v3 once Perps v3 goes live and starts earning fees for the system.

## Article 9
### [NFTs as This CycleE28099s Alt Coins (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NFTs as This CycleE28099s Alt Coins (1 minute read)

In the wake of a massive capitulation event in NFTs, Electric CapitalE28099s founder gave some perspective on the tech and his outlook on it, claiming that NFTs as we know them are the foundation for the real innovation that will come on top of this protocol in the near future.

## Article 10
### [Now You Can Create Tunes via Bitcoin With an On-Chain Music Engine (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Now You Can Create Tunes via Bitcoin With an On-Chain Music Engine (4 minute read)

Ordinals' new "recursive inscriptions" allows for much larger files to be inscribed to bitcoin, thereby giving developers interesting avenues for combining those files into applications. In this case, a developer created an on-chain music engine that allows users to generate and inscribe music to the chain with just a few words about what theyE28099d like to create.

