# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Banks Warier of Serving Crypto Clients After Blowups, Scrutiny (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Banks Warier of Serving Crypto Clients After Blowups, Scrutiny (7 minute read)

US banks have grown increasingly cautious about providing services to the crypto industry following regional bank collapses and regulatory scrutiny. The subsequent closure of Silvergate and seizure of Signature Bank has left crypto firms struggling to find new banks for depository and payment services. Banks are now imposing lengthy application procedures, turning away smaller firms, and sometimes rejecting crypto businesses entirely. While some big banks are selectively working with crypto firms, the onboarding process can take up to six months.

## Article 2
### [Elizabeth Warren Says SheE28099s Building an Anti-Crypto Army in New Campaign (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Elizabeth Warren Says SheE28099s Building an Anti-Crypto Army in New Campaign (1 minute read)</span>

Senator Elizabeth Warren indicated her re-election campaign will focus on the crypto industry, building an "anti-crypto army" in the US. Her anti-crypto stance has a long history, as she was the one who introduced the Digital Asset Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2022, which received criticism from both parties and the crypto industry. Now, among other anti-crypto actions, Warren plans to reintroduce the bill, imposing strict AML requirements on decentralized entities.

## Article 3
### [Mysterious Entity May Be Collecting BTC UsersE28099 IP Addresses E28094 Bitcoin Developer (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Mysterious Entity May Be Collecting BTC UsersE28099 IP Addresses E28094 Bitcoin Developer (4 minute read)

An entity, dubbed "LinkingLion" by Bitcoin app developer 0xB10C, may be collecting Bitcoin users' IP addresses and linking them to their BTC addresses, a potential threat to these usersE28099 privacy. Active since 2018, LinkingLion connects with Bitcoin full nodes and then closes connections 85% of the time, possibly trying to determine if nodes can be reached at specific IP addresses. The remaining 15% of the time, it listens for inventory messages or sends address requests, potentially recording transaction timings to link IP addresses to Bitcoin addresses. 0xB10C has produced an open-source ban list to help nodes block LinkingLion.

## Article 4
### [Rollup Economics (Dune Dashboard)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rollup Economics (Dune Dashboard)

Here is a dashboard that helps track the economic health of different rollups to better understand where we are on the path to scaling Ethereum. It looks at aspects like revenues, operating costs, and raw materials.

## Article 5
### [NFTs: Hype and Applications With HitPiece, Peaq, FisherBroyles, MADworld and Mighty Bear Games (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 NFTs: Hype and Applications With HitPiece, Peaq, FisherBroyles, MADworld and Mighty Bear Games (6 minute read)

NFTs are expanding beyond their initial hype, particularly in the music industry, where they are already enabling enhanced artist-fan engagement experiences. The Co-Founder of HitPiece and other experts discuss some of the real problems NFTs are solving in this article.

