# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Sanctioned Crypto Mixer Tornado Cash Hijacked By Hackers (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sanctioned Crypto Mixer Tornado Cash Hijacked By Hackers (2 minute read)

Tornado Cash, a crypto mixing service, was overtaken via a hostile hacking operation. A  malicious actor created 1.2 million counterfeit votes, surpassing the 700,000 legitimate ones, enabling them to seize complete control of Tornado Cash's governance. Following this exploit, the attacker withdrew and sold 10,000 TORN. Consequently, crypto exchange Binance temporarily halted TORN deposits and the token's value dropped 44%. Tornado Cash, used extensively for money laundering including by North Korean hackers, according to the US Treasury Department, which sanctioned Tornado Cash last year, has facilitated over $8 billion in transactions since its inception in 2019.

## Article 2
### [Commencement of the e-HKD Pilot Program (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Commencement of the e-HKD Pilot Program (2 minute read)

The Hong Kong Monetary Authority has announced the start of its e-HKD Pilot Program, with 16 companies selected to participate. The first round of pilots for 2023 will investigate potential use cases across six categories, including programmable payments and tokenized asset settlement. The program is a significant part of HKMA's three-rail strategy for the potential implementation of a retail CBDC. While this program is a big step toward a CBDC for Hong Kong, a firm decision to introduce e-HKD has not yet been made.

## Article 3
### [PMI Kids' World Unleashes Pudgy Penguins Collection (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 PMI Kids' World Unleashes Pudgy Penguins Collection (2 minute read)

Last week, Pudgy Penguins launched its toy line, Pudgy Toys, through PMI Kids, following a successful soft release last month. The collection includes plush toys, figurines with interchangeable accessories, and surprise figures, all inspired by the original Pudgy Penguins collection on Ethereum. Each toy includes a code for a digital collectible and customization options. Already, two toys from the line have made Amazon's Top 10 for new releases. The collection will soon be available at Walmart and other retailers and will be featured at the Licensing Expo in Las Vegas next month. This is a unique approach by an NFT company to try and become a mainstream IP powerhouse, beloved by children, on par with Club Penguin, Mickey Mouse, or Hello Kitty.

## Article 4
### [The Efficiencies of Validity Proofs (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Efficiencies of Validity Proofs (4 minute read)

This article gives an overview of validity proofs, which offer significant advantages for blockchain tech, providing faster, cheaper, and easier-to-verify execution layers. These proofs allow even a low-end device to validate transactions at extremely high throughput. Such a system requires less computational network resources, making it less expensive than conventional blockchains that need thousands of nodes reprocessing transactions.

## Article 5
### [Don't Overload Ethereum's Consensus (23 minutes)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Don't Overload Ethereum's Consensus (23 minutes)

## Article 6
### [Crypto Trading Takes a `Few Steps BackE28099 After Jane Street, Jump Retreat (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Trading Takes a `Few Steps BackE28099 After Jane Street, Jump Retreat (7 minute read)

TradFi funds that were heavily involved in crypto market making like Jane Street and Jump have been pulling out from the space in the US due to increased regulatory scrutiny, leading to decreased liquidity and potentially scaring away other institutional investors. This retreat and the subsequent liquidity issues have caused price instability in crypto markets. This has created a dynamic in the market where bigger investors are sidelined or inactive as they worry about causing large price fluctuations and smaller investors that are still trading are subject to greater volatility.

## Article 7
### [Coinbase Cloud Joins Chainlink as Node Operator to Bolster Security (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Cloud Joins Chainlink as Node Operator to Bolster Security (1 minute read)

Coinbase Cloud is becoming a node operator on Chainlink's oracle network, enhancing capacity and security, and joining other operators like Swisscom and Deutsche Telekom.

