# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-03-2023

## Article 1
### [State Regulator Takes Control of Signature Bank, Federal Regulators Guarantee Deposits (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 State Regulator Takes Control of Signature Bank, Federal Regulators Guarantee Deposits (2 minute read)

On Sunday, regulators seized crypto-friendly Signature Bank to protect depositors, and federal banking regulators also appointed a receiver. This action was similar to the action taken with Silicon Valley Bank on Friday. Regulators issued a joint statement guaranteeing full return of both SVB and Signature Bank customer deposits without taxpayer losses and made an emergency lending backstop available for banks in the event of similar deposit runs. The actions were taken to reduce any spillover effects, and the federal government stressed it was not a bailout. Crypto prices rallied sharply on the news after a tumultuous weekend.

## Article 2
### [Stablecoin Issuer Circle Reveals $3.3 Billion SVB Exposure (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stablecoin Issuer Circle Reveals $3.3 Billion SVB Exposure (4 minute read)

USDC, the second-largest stablecoin in crypto, fell well below its intended $1 peg to as low as $0.815 early Saturday following the rapid collapse and seizure of Silicon Valley Bank and CircleE28099s disclosure that they had $3.3 billion of the stablecoin's $40 billion reserves deposited there. Smaller stablecoins such as DAI and Pax Dollar also fell from their pegs, but Tether held at $1. Reacting to the selloff, Coinbase temporarily paused the conversion of USDC into US dollars during the weekend. CircleE28099s management team announced late Sunday evening that 100% of the CompanyE28099s deposits from SVB are secure and will be available today.

## Article 3
### [Brave Browser Now Lets Users Sell Crypto Within the Wallet (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Brave Browser Now Lets Users Sell Crypto Within the Wallet (2 minute read)

Brave, a privacy-focused web browser, rolled out a new feature on Friday that enables users to buy and sell cryptocurrencies for USD, EUR, and GBP without leaving the Brave Wallet. The feature is powered by crypto on-ramp startup Ramp Network and allows users to sell 38 cryptocurrencies, including Ethereum, Solana, USDC, and Brave's Basic Attention Token (BAT). Brave also recently integrated support for Solana dapps on its iOS and Android mobile browsers, allowing users to connect to platforms like the Solana-centric NFT marketplace, Magic Eden.

## Article 4
### [South Korea launches E28098Metaverse FundE28099 to Expedite Domestic Initiatives (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 South Korea launches E28098Metaverse FundE28099 to Expedite Domestic Initiatives (2 minute read)

The South Korean government has invested $18.1 million to create a Metaverse Fund of $30.2 million to support the M&A of metaverse-related companies. They will also help local players compete with global players. While many countries and companies have been taking a step back from crypto, South Korea has been digging in deeper. In February, the country even announced its first independent sanctions against North Korean groups and individuals related to cryptocurrency thefts and cyberattacks.

## Article 5
### [Sowing The Seeds of a Revolution (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>Sowing The Seeds of a Revolution (9 minute read)

In this article, the author discusses the disruption of SVB and the overall reaction of the markets in response to the Federal Reserve's tightening of rates. Taking a step back, the author reminds readers of a series from a year ago titled Macro Cycles, which highlighted the transition from a rising rate environment to a plateauing rate, potentially leading to a "very bullish / meltup incoming" phase. He then goes on to explain the implications of banks running low on cash, forcing them to sell time deposits at a discount. Overall, the article examines the bigger picture of the current market situation and how it may lead to further consolidation in banking and a heightened debt issue.

## Article 6
### [Weird Crypto Quirk Sees User Turn $1.45 into $2 Million (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Weird Crypto Quirk Sees User Turn $1.45 into $2 Million (2 minute read)

In an extraordinary display of market opportunity, one crypto user swapped $2 million of 3CRV tokens into USDT into a highly illiquid pool, receiving only $0.05 back, creating a situation where another user was able to take advantage and swap $1.45 for the remaining $2 million.

## Article 7
### [Goerli Shapella Announcement (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Goerli Shapella Announcement (5 minute read)

The Shapella network upgrade is scheduled to activate on the Goerli network on March 14, enabling validators to withdraw their stake from the Beacon Chain back to the execution layer. This is expected to be the last testnet upgrade before scheduling Shapella for the Ethereum mainnet.

## Article 8
### [Starbucks Sold 2,000 NFTs in 20 Minutes E28094 Coffee Not Included (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Starbucks Sold 2,000 NFTs in 20 Minutes E28094 Coffee Not Included (2 minute read)

Starbucks has launched its first set of paid NFTs called "Journey Stamps" which sold out in under 20 minutes. The virtual tokens are a part of their new membership program offering exclusive experiences and rewards - with free coffee notably not listed as a reward.

