# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Is Web3 serious about security? (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is Web3 serious about security? (Sponsor)

Too much web3 code is insecure. Hackers know this, and will pounce on any chance to steal cryptocurrency and wreak havoc. ThatE28099s why the best web3 developers protect their source code and smart contracts with 3rd-party security audits.If youE28099re looking for blockchain security experts to audit your software through the eyes of an experienced hacker, you should get in touch with Coinspect.Adrian Eidelman, CTO and Co-founder, RSK Labs: E2809CCoinspect helps us on a daily basis - training our developers to detect and avoid introducing vulnerabilities in an early stage of our software development lifecycle.E2809DRequest a customized security audit today

## Article 2
### [New Congress Body to Hold First-Ever Hearing on Regulatory E28098AttackE28099 on Crypto (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 New Congress Body to Hold First-Ever Hearing on Regulatory E28098AttackE28099 on Crypto (4 minute read)

Congress's new Digital Assets Subcommittee has scheduled its first hearing on March 9 titled "Coincidence or Coordinated? The AdministrationE28099s Attack on the Digital Asset Ecosystem" to examine recent crypto enforcement actions and banking lockouts by federal regulators. The hearing will delve into the SEC's crackdown on crypto companies, highlighting the shutdown of Kraken's staking offering and stablecoin issuer Paxos' Binance stablecoin, the lawsuit against Terra, and their usage of the Howey test to assert jurisdiction over crypto markets. The joint statement from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in reference to Operation Chokepoint 2.0 will also be discussed.

## Article 3
### [Ethereum Steps Towards Staking Withdrawals With Successful Testnet Upgrade (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Steps Towards Staking Withdrawals With Successful Testnet Upgrade (2 minute read)

Ethereum developers successfully launched the Shanghai Capella upgrade on Sepolia testnet at midnight ET, Tuesday. This deployment is a step in Ethereum's roadmap to allow validators to withdraw ether when the update is complete on mainnet. While Sepolia isn't open to permissionless validators, the testnet was launched in October 2021 and was used to test the Merge upgrade successfully. The deployment comes after developers ran the application on the Zhejiang testnet earlier this month, following the Shanghai upgrade plans that have been underway since 2020. The mainnet upgrade is on track for late March when users will finally be able to un-stake and transfer their assets.

## Article 4
### [The Six Phases to Product-Market Fit in Web3 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Six Phases to Product-Market Fit in Web3 (5 minute read)

In a still nascent industry like Web3, there have been numerous different approaches to finding Product-Market Fit (PMF). While builders in Web3 can draw on learnings from Web 2.0, the decentralization component of crypto creates unique challenges for finding PMF. This article attempts to lay out the six phases of finding PMF in Web3. Platforms and protocols can begin the journey with the distribution of utility tokens via airdrops creating a community-operated workforce. After that, they can aim for progressive decentralization, utility establishment, utility momentum, Network effect alpha, Network effect beta, and Economic Flywheel. Overall, getting to any semblance of PMF in Web3 requires a deep understanding of incentive alignment and is still a relatively new problem space.

## Article 5
### [A DeveloperE28099s Guide to the Web3 Security Stack from Coinbase Ventures (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A DeveloperE28099s Guide to the Web3 Security Stack from Coinbase Ventures (7 minute read)

While smart contract exploits garner the most media attention the underlying infrastructure, smart contract code, protocol logic, and ecosystems are all vulnerable to security threats. A range of security technologies, processes, and policies can be used to detect and respond to these emerging threats, including infrastructure primitives like wallet and private key management, access management, consumer security, and monitoring & observability as well as smart contract and protocol logic solutions like security testing tools, formal verification, audit services, and bug bounty platforms. Lastly, protocol risk management, threat intelligence, and blockchain forensics are necessary to help prevent, detect, and respond to potential threats. Coinbase Ventures continues to invest in teams building developer tools that automate security testing and audit processes, monitoring platforms that enable proactive threat detection and prevention, or tools that enhance identity management and access control mechanisms.

## Article 6
### [Visa's Crypto Strategy Remains Intact Despite Crypto Winter (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Visa's Crypto Strategy Remains Intact Despite Crypto Winter (2 minute read)

Yesterday, Reuters published an article claiming that Visa was E2809Cslamming the breaksE2809D on new crypto initiatives; however, VisaE28099s head of crypto, Cuy Sheffield, strongly refuted that sentiment and reiterated VisaE28099s focus on crypto and crypto-related innovation. According to Sheffield, Visa is still forging new partnerships in the crypto space and still holds the long-term belief that fiat-backed digital currencies running on top of blockchain rails will be an important piece of the overall payments ecosystem. Even as recently as mid-February, it was announced that Visa had entered into a long-term partnership with Wirex to facilitate more payment options for consumers in the U.K. and Asia-Pacific.

## Article 7
### [Stablecoins as Statecraft: How Uncle Sam Could Replace Satoshi as the King of Digital Currency (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stablecoins as Statecraft: How Uncle Sam Could Replace Satoshi as the King of Digital Currency (4 minute read)

The SEC has recently begun taking a hardline approach to stablecoin regulation, but this could end up coming back to bite the US as it could impede legitimate innovation and, even worse for the US, global dollar adoption. Stablecoins have already been adopted in inflation-ravaged countries like Argentina, Zimbabwe and Turkey, and they have the potential to cement US financial hegemony for a generation. The US government embracing stablecoins could actually act as a tool to project American economic power and promote dollarization abroad. A well-regulated approach to stablecoins could enable US dollar dominance to an extent the world has never seen before and ultimately secure a dollar-centric digital economy.

## Article 8
### [Starbucks's Web3 Odyssey is Seeing Early Signs of Success, BofA Says (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Starbucks's Web3 Odyssey is Seeing Early Signs of Success, BofA Says (2 minute read)

Last year, Starbucks launched its Odyssey program, a Web3 spin on its already successful Starbucks Rewards program. According to BofA, the program is seeing early signs of success by allowing consumers to not just earn rewards for purchases but to interact with the brand in novel ways.

## Article 9
### [FTX Co-Founder Nishad Singh Pleads Guilty to Fraud and Conspiracy Charges (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FTX Co-Founder Nishad Singh Pleads Guilty to Fraud and Conspiracy Charges (2 minute read)

FTX co-founder, Nishad Singh, has officially pleaded guilty to US federal fraud and conspiracy charges. This plea comes on the same day the SEC and CFTC filed civil complaints against him.

