# Articles TLDR Crypto 06-09-2023

## Article 1
### [F09F9388 Trade like a pro with Kraken (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 F09F9388 Trade like a pro with Kraken (Sponsor)

If youE28099re serious about trading crypto, the all-new version of Kraken Pro is definitely worth checking out. ItE28099s powerful, beautiful, and packed with advanced trading features and analytics tools.This is Kraken's most powerful and flexible trading platform EVER E28094 in a redesigned, fully-customizable interface.
So go on. Head to Kraken and trade like a pro.
Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss. Kraken does not offer services to residents of Washington or New York.


## Article 2
### [Coinbase Creates New Crypto Lending Service Geared Toward Large Investors (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Creates New Crypto Lending Service Geared Toward Large Investors (2 minute read)

Coinbase has launched a new crypto lending service for institutional clients in the US, according to a recent SEC filing. Through this platform, companies will be able to lend funds to Coinbase and receive collateral in excess of the amount they loaned, creating an overcollateralized lending mechanism. The plan is similar to the prime brokerage services of traditional banks but is different from the controversial Lend program that Coinbase scrapped last year due to regulatory issues.

## Article 3
### [Fun.xyz - The Easiest Way to Build Crypto Accounts (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fun.xyz - The Easiest Way to Build Crypto Accounts (2 minute read)

Fun.xyz is offering an easier way to create crypto accounts without compromising security or user experience. The non-custodial platform is based on ERC-4337, the standard that enables account abstraction. The platform provides developers with robust financial tools, secure authentication methods, flexible gas behavior, custom access control, seamless monetization methods, and more.

## Article 4
### [Sell: Cash Out Your Crypto to Fiat (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sell: Cash Out Your Crypto to Fiat (2 minute read)

MetaMask, the largest crypto wallet, has introduced a new feature called Sell, allowing users to easily convert their crypto assets into fiat currencies like USD, EUR, and GBP. The new feature aims to improve convenience for users, enabling faster fiat conversions with fewer intermediaries. The Sell feature, currently available in the US, UK, and parts of Europe, aggregates vetted providers to offer real-time conversion options.

## Article 5
### [Plastic Money (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Plastic Money (25 minute read)

Smart credit cards, with inbuilt microcontrollers enabling offline transactions and driving capabilities for cryptographic challenge-response authentication, have been in use in Europe since the 1980s. However, these technologies, which would technically allow a balance to be tracked and updated offline, have failed to take off in the US. This blog post provides some in-depth historical background on the topic and explains the state of where this technology is today.

## Article 6
### [Roundup of BinanceE28099s Woes Over the Past 10 Months (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Roundup of BinanceE28099s Woes Over the Past 10 Months (2 minute read)

Binance has been taking blow after blow from regulators and has begun to show cracks as a number of executives have jumped ship. This post gives a great summary of all that has happened.

## Article 7
### [Future Ethereum Upgrades Could Allow Full Nodes to Run on Mobile Phones (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Future Ethereum Upgrades Could Allow Full Nodes to Run on Mobile Phones (2 minute read)

Vitalik Buterin recently discussed how potential upgrades could allow full nodes to run on mobile phones, which would lead to greater decentralization and scalability.

## Article 8
### [More than Half of Turkey Has Turned to Crypto Amid Rapid Currency Devaluation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 More than Half of Turkey Has Turned to Crypto Amid Rapid Currency Devaluation (2 minute read)

Over half of Turkey's adults use cryptocurrencies to combat inflation, with 52% investing, up from 40% in 2021.

