# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Coinbase CEO Says SEC is on E28098Lone Crusade,E28099 Dials Back on Suggestion Exchange May Relocate (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase CEO Says SEC is on E28098Lone Crusade,E28099 Dials Back on Suggestion Exchange May Relocate (3 minute read)

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong criticized the SEC and its chair, Gary Gensler, for their "anti-crypto" stance, but confirmed that Coinbase will not completely relocate overseas. Given the regulatory uncertainty in the US, Armstrong sees potential for a more welcoming regulatory environment in the European Union and the UK and has been expanding international operations as of late. Coinbase continues to dispute the SEC's allegations of selling unregistered securities to investors and demand more clarity on the matter and crypto regulations in general. Armstrong also expressed interest in investing in the United Arab Emirates, considering its favorable crypto regulations.

## Article 2
### [World App: The First Worldcoin Wallet, Designed to Bring Digital Identity & Global Finance to All (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 World App: The First Worldcoin Wallet, Designed to Bring Digital Identity & Global Finance to All (5 minute read)

## Article 3
### [Maker to Spark E28098New Explosion of DAIE28099 With Custom Lending Market (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Maker to Spark E28098New Explosion of DAIE28099 With Custom Lending Market (4 minute read)

MakerDAO is launching Spark Protocol, a product that provides users with direct access to a wholesale DAI credit line. Initially owned by MakerDAO, Spark Protocol is expected to become its own sub-DAO. It consists of two components: Spark Lend and its front-end interface. Spark's custom interest rate model is set by governance and remains flat, irrespective of user numbers or DAI liquidity. Initially capped at $5 million, the debt ceiling is expected to rise to $200 million within two-to-five weeks. Spark Protocol will initially support ETH and stETH as collateral assets.

## Article 4
### [A Comprehensive Guide to BRC-20 Token Creation, Minting, and Trading (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Comprehensive Guide to BRC-20 Token Creation, Minting, and Trading (2 minute read)

This guide explains how to create, mint, and trade BRC-20 tokens on the Bitcoin network. Start by setting up a Taproot (PT2R) Bitcoin wallet on Unisat and funding it with BTC. Mint desired tokens on Unisat's BRC-20 page and set appropriate transaction fees using Mempool Space. Wait for verification and find your tokens in the wallet's BRC-20 section. List and trade tokens on Unisat Market, Ordinal's Wallet BRC-20, or BRC-20.io. For optimal results, pay higher transaction fees, avoid deploying duplicate tokens, and wait for fees to stabilize before transacting.

## Article 5
### [Sui Launch Throws Market MakersE28099 Cut Into Spotlight: E28098No One Really Knows What the Terms of the Deal AreE28099 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sui Launch Throws Market MakersE28099 Cut Into Spotlight: E28098No One Really Knows What the Terms of the Deal AreE28099 (5 minute read)

The launch of Sui has raised concerns about the role of market makers in the token's allocation. With big backers like Andreesen Horowitz and Coinbase Ventures, the SUI token has become one of the top 10 most-traded tokens. However, over half of the launch tokens, worth about $370 million, were allocated to market makers. Critics argue this benefits market makers at the expense of retail investors. However, a Sui Foundation spokesperson maintains that Sui has been transparent and the token allocation is within industry standards.

## Article 6
### [E28098VisaE28099 on Base: The First Mass-Scale Crypto Application is Right Around the Corner (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E28098VisaE28099 on Base: The First Mass-Scale Crypto Application is Right Around the Corner (9 minute read)

This article discusses the potential for mass adoption of crypto payments, attributing slow progress to high gas fees and the lack of widely-used stablecoins. Recent developments, including USDC, Ethereum's rollup-centric roadmap, and the Coinbase Base platform, could be laying the groundwork for mainstream crypto adoption. The article also claims that lower transaction costs, enabled by upgrades like the Cancun upgrade, could make Ethereum a more viable payment platform. The author argues that, whether we realize it or not, traditional payment rails, like Visa and Mastercard, impose high fees and lack innovation, whereas crypto-based payment systems offer interoperability, instant settlement, and overall lower costs to the system.

## Article 7
### [Ascending to Divinity: FOCG -- The Next Evolution in Open World Gaming (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ascending to Divinity: FOCG -- The Next Evolution in Open World Gaming (9 minute read)

This article explains how fully on-chain games, the next step in the evolution of web3 gaming, could elevate gaming in general to a whole new level.

