# Articles TLDR Crypto 12-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Lending Platform Maple Prepares New U.S. Treasury Pool (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Lending Platform Maple Prepares New U.S. Treasury Pool (3 minute read)

Maple Finance is set to launch a lending pool made up of U.S. Treasury bonds, according to CEO Sidney Powell. The company is also planning a community vote on new tokenomics and utility for its native token, MPL. Maple Finance is coming back from a challenging year in crypto lending, with a significant decrease in total value locked and a drop in the MPL token's value. To rebuild, the platform released an upgraded version and started a new tax receivables lending pool. The new U.S. Treasury Bond pool will enable accredited investors and corporate treasuries to invest stablecoins in these U.S. Treasuries, while Maple works on expanding its lending offerings.

## Article 2
### [2023 State of Crypto Report - Overview (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 2023 State of Crypto Report - Overview (11 minute read)

The 2023 State of Crypto report reveals a quite healthy industry - despite what market prices might indicate - when it comes to ongoing innovation and development. The State of Crypto Index tracks the health of the crypto sector based on technology, not finances. Key takeaways include: more active users on blockchains with diverse engagement options, a resurgence of DeFi and NFT activity, a steady number of active developers, scaling through innovative methods, rapid advancement in zero-knowledge systems, the U.S. losing its web3 lead, and long-term progress in key indicators. This summary provides a good overview of the full report, which you can dive into for more detail on all these different areas.

## Article 3
### [Shanghai Shakeout - Analyzing ETHE28099s Technicals and On-Chain Data Going Into Shanghai (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Shanghai Shakeout - Analyzing ETHE28099s Technicals and On-Chain Data Going Into Shanghai (8 minute read)

Approximately $33.5 billion worth of ETH will be unlocked following the Shanghai upgrade today. Previously, staking ETH was one-directional with no option to unstake, but the upgrade allows stakers to finally withdraw or sell their ETH. This massive influx of supply has been perceived as bearish by some due to potential sell pressure. However, the article argues that the Shanghai unlock isn't as bearish as believed due to withdrawal limits, market-priced selling, and strong technical and on-chain fundamentals. The bearish arguments also ignore the fact that over 40% of ETH is already liquid through liquid staking derivatives, so a large portion of the supply could have already been sold or liquidated by stakers.

## Article 4
### [Banks Are Closing Customer Accounts, With Little Explanation (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Banks Are Closing Customer Accounts, With Little Explanation (12 minute read)

Banks are taking a harder look than ever at customers' transactions due to increased fraudulent activity during the pandemic. Financial institutions filed 1.4 million Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) in 2021, 70% higher than in 2014. However, a 2018 study found that only 4% of SARs warranted follow-up from law enforcement. The rise in account closures has caused significant disruption to customers, leading to twice as many complaints about closures in 2021 compared to 2017. Increasingly, those who have crypto activity into and out of their banks have been targets of these closures.

## Article 5
### [The Making of BinanceE28099s CZ: An Exclusive Look at the Forces that Shaped CryptoE28099s Most Powerful Founder (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Making of BinanceE28099s CZ: An Exclusive Look at the Forces that Shaped CryptoE28099s Most Powerful Founder (30 minute read)

Changpeng Zhao, the founder of Binance, the world's largest and most influential cryptocurrency exchange, has a dual persona: the affable, mild-mannered individual and the tough executive. Zhao's business practices have put him under scrutiny as governments, including the U.S., accuse Binance of deception and violating international sanctions and money-laundering rules. Binance now claims to prioritize compliance. Zhao's background, including experiences in Canada and China, have contributed to his ability to navigate the cutthroat early years of China's tech scene while maintaining a friendly, non-threatening public image.

## Article 6
### [Helpful Open-Source Tooling From a16z (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Helpful Open-Source Tooling From a16z (3 minute read)

In addition to being a prolific investor in the space, a16z also has a talented team of engineers and others with technical expertise. They leverage this talent to build helpful open-source tools for anyone to use. Some of the tools highlighted in this thread include libraries for private airdrops, new social networks, and light clients.

## Article 7
### [More Bitcoin Than Ever Is Now E28098DormantE28099E28094HereE28099s What That Means (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 More Bitcoin Than Ever Is Now E28098DormantE28099E28094HereE28099s What That Means (2 minute read)

Over 53% of all Bitcoins, worth around $309 billion, haven't moved in over two years, reaching a new all-time high, according to Glassnode. This could be due to the fact that through the volatility of the market, those with high time preferences have sold their coins to those with lower time preferences that are able to hold through the volatility.

