# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Jump Crypto Just Counter-Exploited the Wormhole Hacker for $140 Million (4 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Jump Crypto Just Counter-Exploited the Wormhole Hacker for $140 Million (4 min read)

Last year, in one of the biggest crypto loss events of the year, the Wormhole bridge was exploited for 120,000 ether or around $325 million. Jump Crypto replaced these funds to help make users whole, but efforts have continued since then by Jump Crypto, Oasis, and government authorities to recover the stolen funds. Last week, upon receiving an order from the High Court of England and Wales to take any necessary steps, to recover the funds, a counter-exploit was initiated. The counter-exploit was successful, and the parties were able to recover $140 million from the original exploiterE28099s wallet. This action raised questions about what kind of precedent this action sets for government intervention even in non-criminal situations.

## Article 2
### [Solana Network Stumbles, On-Chain Trading Slows After E28098ForkingE28099 Incident (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Solana Network Stumbles, On-Chain Trading Slows After E28098ForkingE28099 Incident (2 min read)

Over the weekend the Solana blockchain came to a halt after a E28098ForkingE28099 incident. At one point, the chain was only processing 93 TPS versus the 5,000 TPS it was processing just hours before. After hours of coordination between validators, the chain was back to processing transactions normally late Saturday night.

## Article 3
### [Rollup provider Eclipse launches software to allow Solana apps to be compatible with Polygon (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rollup provider Eclipse launches software to allow Solana apps to be compatible with Polygon (2 min read)

Eclipse is launching a Polygon Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) scaling solution, allowing applications to be compatible with Polygon and increasing throughput speed and interoperability across the crypto space. Rollups work by compiling a number of transactions into one bundle on an L1 blockchain like Ethereum or Solana, making it cheaper and faster. This will make it easier for developers building on SVM to migrate their applications between Polygon and Solana.

## Article 4
### [Worldcoin Edges Closer to AI-Driven Crypto Identity Device (6 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Worldcoin Edges Closer to AI-Driven Crypto Identity Device (6 min read)

After debuting its eye-catching technology, the Orb, in 2021 and garnering significant attention, Worldcoin is finally announcing its plans for a full launch in the first half of 2023. Its product suite includes a token, an app, and the Orb, which is used to capture biometric data. The goal of the Company is to provide a way for individuals to prove personhood via the biometric data it captures and will distribute tokens to those who participate. This approach is not without controversy, with critics pointing out that biometric data like this could be vulnerable to compromise.

## Article 5
### [MEV Series Part I: Blockspace Markets Across Ecosystems (10 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MEV Series Part I: Blockspace Markets Across Ecosystems (10 min read)

MEV is a well-known and heavily explored concept in the Ethereum ecosystem. From the coining of the term E2809CMEVE2809D in the Flashboys 2.0 paper in 2019 to the launch of Flashbots, a mature market for blockspace on Ethereum has emerged. On Solana and Cosmos, however, blockspace markets are comparatively less mature. This article takes a look at MEV developments on Solana and Cosmos to date and the similarities and differences they have with Ethereum.

## Article 6
### [Why Is Arbitrum The Most Popular L2 Scaling Solution? (5 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why Is Arbitrum The Most Popular L2 Scaling Solution? (5 min read)

Blockcrunch breaks down why Arbitrum has been gaining traction and leading the way as a scaling solution. Arbitrum One is currently the number one L2 in terms of TVL, with 2 million active accounts and over 50% of the market value lock. It is also cheaper than Ethereum by about 100x. Arbitrum is now focusing on social and gaming use cases, and is working on launching Stylus, which will enable the use of more than EVM-based languages.

## Article 7
### [Speculators Push Price of Testnet Ether on Goerli Network to $1.60 (2 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Speculators Push Price of Testnet Ether on Goerli Network to $1.60 (2 min read)

Last week, LayerZero launched a way for Goerli testnet ether to be swapped between mainnet and testnet, creating a market for the native currency of testnet. The pair Goerly ETH / USD pair traded all the way up to $1.60 over the weekend.

