# Articles TLDR Crypto 31-01-2023

## Article 1
### [Nothing better than feeling confident that no critical issue exists (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nothing better than feeling confident that no critical issue exists (Sponsor)

The last thing your blockchain company needs is a critical vulnerability. You have to be confident your code is safe from hackers and thieves - and so do your users.Coinspect has helped projects like Ledger, Stellar, Liquity, RSK, Ethereum, ZCash, Horizen, Algorand and Grin, among others, to focus on what matters most to them: Develop the greatest and safest technology to continue engaging users into crypto.Get that peace of mind to keep building E28094 and 3rd-party validation that will instill confidence in users and investing partners. Join dozens of leading blockchain companies and talk with our experts today.

## Article 2
### [Bridge Platform LayerZero Denies Allegations It Kept E28098BackdoorE28099 Secret (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bridge Platform LayerZero Denies Allegations It Kept E28098BackdoorE28099 Secret (3 minute read)

LayerZero's co-founder Bryan Pellegrino has denied accusations from bridging service Nomad that it covered up the existence of a critical 'backdoor' vulnerability in its code. Nomad claims that LayerZero can bypass security controls and pass data between blockchains without anyone's permission. The ability allows LayerZero to steal or move around funds locked up with platforms that use its bridging services with default settings. Pellegrino acknowledges the backdoor capabilities but denies that LayerZero ever tried to hide them. He claims that other bridges, including Nomad, have similar access capabilities.

## Article 3
### [Elon Musk Wants Twitter Payments System to Accommodate Crypto (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Elon Musk Wants Twitter Payments System to Accommodate Crypto (1 minute read)

Twitter is designing a payments system. It will originally be for fiat currencies, but cryptocurrency capabilities may be added later. Dogecoin spiked following the announcement.

## Article 4
### [Grayscale Bitcoin Trust: the free money machine that went into reverse (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Grayscale Bitcoin Trust: the free money machine that went into reverse (12 minute read)

This article discusses Grayscale Investments and GBTC. It looks at GBTC, how it works, and why it is so central to the crypto collapse. GBTC was launched in 2013 for investors who wanted exposure to Bitcoin but who weren't able to invest in it directly for whatever reason. Grayscale would obtain and custody Bitcoins while investors bought GBTC via their usual brokerage accounts. The price of GBTC was supposed to generally track the price of Bitcoin as the number of GBTC shares is proportional to the number of Bitcoins held in the trust.

## Article 5
### [The Shanghai Upgrade is just around the corner (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Shanghai Upgrade is just around the corner (5 minute read)

## Article 6
### [The Currency of Payments (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Currency of Payments (6 minute read)

The greatest currency is trust. We do not always trust in the people we are dealing with, but we trust the company they work for or the friend who recommended them. Cryptocurrency provides a way of doing things without having to trust other people or a proxy. It allows people to move away from the need to trust in human networks. They only need to trust the technology.

## Article 7
### [Ordinals protocol sparks debate over NFT's place in the Bitcoin ecosystem (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ordinals protocol sparks debate over NFT's place in the Bitcoin ecosystem (3 minute read)

The crypto community is divided over the launch of NFT protocol Ordinals on the Bitcoin mainnet. Ordinals were introduced on January 21. The protocol enables the creation of 'digital artifacts', such as images, PDFs, videos, and audio files, on the Bitcoin network. Some in the Bitcoin community argue that the Ordinals protocol offers more financial use cases, while others believe it diverges from the vision of Bitcoin as a peer-to-peer cash system. Transaction fees could be driven up due to the NFT-like structures taking up block space.

## Article 8
### [After a tough year for crypto, here's how to handle losses on your tax return (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 After a tough year for crypto, here's how to handle losses on your tax return (3 minute read)

Crypto losses may offset investment gains.</span>

## Article 9
### [Bitcoin Mining Difficulty Hits a New All-Time High (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Mining Difficulty Hits a New All-Time High (3 minute read)

Mining difficulty has been increasing steadily over the past year due to more miners entering the network.

