# Articles TLDR Crypto 24-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Do Kwon Arrested, Montenegrin Officials Say (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Do Kwon Arrested, Montenegrin Officials Say (2 minute read)

Terraform Labs founder Do Kwon has been arrested in Montenegro for allegedly causing over $40 billion in losses due to the TerraUSD stablecoin collapse. Montenegrin police detained Kwon at Podgorica airport with falsified documents.TerraUSD, an algorithmic stablecoin, was not backed by reserves, rather an algorithm that eventually unwound, causing the stablecoin to ultimately fail. Kwon has been charged by the SEC for orchestrating cryptocurrency securities fraud and is sought by South Korean and Singaporean officials.

## Article 2
### [USDT Stablecoin Payments Launch on Telegram (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 USDT Stablecoin Payments Launch on Telegram (2 minute read)

Telegram users can now exchange Tether's stablecoin, USDT-TRON or TRC20, with each other through the messaging app's wallet function, which was developed by independent developers. USDT is the third-largest cryptocurrency by market cap and the largest stablecoin in the space. Telegram will only support USDT on Tron for now, which is a low-cost and high-speed network. Additionally, the wallet allows users to buy, swap, and make P2P trades with Tether USDT and send it to friends without transaction fees.

## Article 3
### [On Composability (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 On Composability (7 minute read)

This article walks through how composability in DeFi enables interoperability between different components, fostering ecosystem growth and innovation. Open-source culture and smart contracts facilitate the creation of unique products and improved user experiences. Counterintuitively, competition actually cultivates a "blue ocean" strategy, where projects end up collaborating and expand the market instead of fighting for existing pieces of the pie. Examples of projects enhancing DeFi's composability include Paraswap, Morpho, APWine, and Li.Fi. Despite its benefits, composability has limitations, such as increased hack risks and potential user confusion.

## Article 4
### [Due to SEC Inaction, Registration is Not a Viable Path for Crypto Projects (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Due to SEC Inaction, Registration is Not a Viable Path for Crypto Projects (5 minute read)

In this article, Paradigm criticizes SEC Chair Gary Gensler's claims that registering crypto tokens and products with the SEC is as simple as filling out a form online, like traditional startups registering with the IRS. The author argues that this comparison is misleading, as registering crypto projects with the SEC is neither easy nor cheap, and the current registration framework is inadequate for digital assets. The SEC has not provided actionable guidance or engaged constructively with the crypto industry. The authors call for honest discussions on crypto regulation, involving policymakers and stakeholders, to create a viable path for crypto registration.

## Article 5
### [DRPC Launches Decentralized RPC Network for Ethereum Apps (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DRPC Launches Decentralized RPC Network for Ethereum Apps (2 minute read)

Centralization of RPCs has long been a pain point in an otherwise decentralized industry. DRPC is aiming to solve this problem by launching decentralized RPCs, which can enhance security, decrease costs, and increase reliability for applications in the space. Decentralized RPCs, which are essential for trustless, scalable blockchain networks, eliminate potential bottlenecks that can occur when centralized providers go offline. DRPCE28099s solution uses a network of globally distributed providers to share the RPC load more efficiently. Initially supporting Ethereum-based apps, DRPC plans to expand its coverage to other EVM-based networks, including Arbitrum, Polygon, and Optimism.

## Article 6
### [Aavegotchi X Polygon Supernets (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aavegotchi X Polygon Supernets (2 minute read)

Aavegotchi will launch Gotchichain, a gaming-optimized blockchain using Polygon Supernets technology, with faster transactions, lower fees, and scalability. It will host Aavegotchi games and dapps, using GHST token for transactions.

