# Articles TLDR Crypto 18-04-2023

## Article 1
### [SEC Charges Crypto Exchange Bittrex for Violating US Securities Laws (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC Charges Crypto Exchange Bittrex for Violating US Securities Laws (2 minute read)

The SEC has accused Bittrex and its former CEO, William Shihara, of running an unregistered securities exchange. The complaint claims that Bittrex generated at least $1.3 billion in revenue between 2017 and 2022 without proper registration. The SEC also alleges Bittrex worked with crypto issuers to dispose of problematic statements to avoid regulatory scrutiny. Coincidentally, Bittrex announced it was leaving the US market last month, citing regulatory uncertainty as the main driver, and the Company plans to challenge the lawsuit unless a reasonable settlement is offered.

## Article 2
### [Tether Market Cap Eyes Record High After Regaining 65% Stablecoin Dominance (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tether Market Cap Eyes Record High After Regaining 65% Stablecoin Dominance (2 minute read)

Tether's market cap has reached nearly $81 billion, up 20% YTD, as it outperforms rivals USDC and BUSD amid the US banking crisis and crypto crackdown. While market participants think USDC and BUSD would be affected by both further banking crises and regulatory action, they seem to believe USDT is relatively insulated from this. USDCE28099s market cap has dropped over 25% YTD, while Binance USD has seen a 60% drop in 2023. Capital flowed directly into USDT from USDC and BUSD as regulatory scrutiny and uncertainty about the global banking system increased. This has pushed USDTE28099s market share over 65%, the highest itE28099s been since May 2021.

## Article 3
### [ETHGPT: A ChatBot for Ethereum Codebase and Docs (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ETHGPT: A ChatBot for Ethereum Codebase and Docs (GitHub Repo)

ETHGPT is a GPT-powered ChatBot designed to provide accurate Ethereum information. It compiles resources from various sources, including go-ethereum and ethresear.ch, to keep users updated on the latest developments. By generating documentation and incorporating resources, ETHGPT streamlines access to Ethereum-related information for users and developers. The ChatBot overcomes limitations of ChatGPT's knowledge, which is only up-to-date through September 2021, by using new data and resources to provide accurate answers on recent Ethereum updates.

## Article 4
### [Gating Dapps Using Any On-Chain Data or Transaction (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gating Dapps Using Any On-Chain Data or Transaction (3 minute read)

## Article 5
### [Spotting Crytpo Pumps Led by Korea Early On (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Spotting Crytpo Pumps Led by Korea Early On (3 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Stablecoins Gain Traction as Inflationary Shield in Latin America With Growth in Europe (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Stablecoins Gain Traction as Inflationary Shield in Latin America With Growth in Europe (3 minute read)

Stablecoin adoption has continued to rise worldwide, as a large percentage of the volume on crypto exchanges has involved stablecoins and many participants have fled to stablecoins during volatile times in the crypto markets. Adoption varies by region; for example, in Latin America, everyday citizens use stablecoins to protect against inflation, while in Europe, seasoned traders and investors use stablecoins to limit volatility. Argentina-based Num Finance's CEO AgustC3ADn Liserra notes the stablecoin market's participation and capitalization have grown despite the bear market. The key value proposition for crypto in Latin America has become value storage and remittances, which gives stablecoins great product-market-fit, while the main value propositions in Europe have been DeFi and NFT trading and investing.

## Article 7
### [Rep. Davidson to Introduce Legislation to Fire SEC Boss Gensler for Crypto Overreach (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rep. Davidson to Introduce Legislation to Fire SEC Boss Gensler for Crypto Overreach (3 minute read)

US Representative Warren Davidson plans to introduce legislation to remove SEC chair Gary Gensler, following the SEC's announcement that it would revisit the definition of an "exchange" with an intent to include both CeFi and DeFi protocols in a redefinition. Davidson is proposing replacing the role with an Executive Director reporting to the board. The new rule amendments, criticized by SEC commissioner Hester Peirce, are seen as an overreach that could affect participation in the crypto space and push innovation in the space overseas. The SEC has been avoiding laying out clear regulations and has instead been making the law with precedents on a case-by-case basis. Lack of regulation coupled with severe enforcement actions makes it impossible for any crypto companies to be E2809CcompliantE2809D or to know what the boundaries actually are.

## Article 8
### [Ethereum Researcher Says Staking Reveals IP Address, Sparking Privacy Concerns (2 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Researcher Says Staking Reveals IP Address, Sparking Privacy Concerns (2 minute read)</strong>

An Ethereum Foundation researcher revealed that stakers' IP addresses can actually be found within metadata that is used internally at the Ethereum Foundation. ItE28099s meant for internal tracking and will supposedly be kept safe, but it sparked debate on Twitter on whether or not this kind of information should be tracked at all.

## Article 9
### [Bank of England Official Says Stablecoin Use May Need Limits (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bank of England Official Says Stablecoin Use May Need Limits (3 minute read)

Bank of England Deputy Governor Jon Cunliffe suggested regulators may need to limit the use of stablecoins for payments to maintain financial stability. He claimed that rapid innovation in payment systems could introduce risks for customers and financial markets, and stablecoins currently fall outside of existing regulatory frameworks.

