# Articles TLDR Crypto 14-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Crypto firm Paxos ordered to stop issuing Binance stablecoin (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto firm Paxos ordered to stop issuing Binance stablecoin (2 minute read)

Paxos has been ordered by New York regulators to stop issuing Binance USD due to concerns that it can't safely issue the token. The SEC is planning to sue Paxos for violating investor protection laws. It reportedly sent a notice to Paxos to inform the company of potential violations and enforcement actions. Paxos will stop issuing new BUSD tokens on February 21. The stablecoin will remain fully supported by Paxos until at least February 2024. Binance will support BUSD for the foreseeable future.

## Article 2
### [Circle Sounded Alarm on Paxos, Told NYDFS BinanceE28099s Stablecoin WasnE28099t Fully Backed (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle Sounded Alarm on Paxos, Told NYDFS BinanceE28099s Stablecoin WasnE28099t Fully Backed (2 minute read)

The New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) is investigating stablecoin issuer Paxos. According to a report, it was rival stablecoin issuer Circle that tipped off the NYDFS. The NYDFS has told Paxos to stop minting BUSD. The US SEC is planning to sue Paxos for issuing an unregistered security and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency may ask Paxos to withdraw its application for a full banking charter.

## Article 3
### [The @blur_io token $BLUR is launching on February 14th and promises to deliver a launch experience like no other (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The @blur_io token $BLUR is launching on February 14th and promises to deliver a launch experience like no other (3 minute read)

The Blur NFT Marketplace has seen strong growth, with over 100,514 unique buyers and 880,567 ETH in volume traded. On average, 10,211 ETH has been traded daily this year, with 18,303 sales made by 11,686 buyers and sellers. The BLUR token is launching on February 14th. As part of the launch, users were incentivized to list NFTs for sale on Blur in order to claim airdrops marketed as E2809Ccare packagesE2809D. This raised the floor price of some collections due to the increased liquidity.

## Article 4
### [UAE Plans to Issue a CBDC to Promote Digital Payments (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UAE Plans to Issue a CBDC to Promote Digital Payments (1 minute read)

The central bank of the United Arab Emirates is planning to issue a central bank digital currency for domestic and cross-border payments. It is one of nine initiatives of the central bank's Financial Infrastructure Transformation Program. Dubai published comprehensive regulations for the crypto sector last week. The new laws include the establishment of a licensing regime for crypto companies.

## Article 5
### [awesome-huff (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 awesome-huff (GitHub Repo)

This repository contains a curated list of resources for the Huff language. Huff is a low-level programming language developed for writing smart contracts for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). It exposes the programming stack and provides useful tools like constants and macros. Huff can be used to write efficient smart contracts for production or to learn more about the EVM.

## Article 6
### [2023, the year of tokenized public securities (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 2023, the year of tokenized public securities (2 minute read)

Two projects have launched to provide tokenized public securities: Ondo Finance and Backed Finance. Ondo Finance has launched a short-term bond product, OUSG, invested in SHV treasuries. Backed Finance has launched equity-linked product bCSPX, a 1 to 1 wrapper for CSPX, an S&P500 ETF. Both projects are ETFs from Blackrock/iShares. Backed takes issuance/redemption fees on the primary market, whereas Ondo takes AuM fees. Backed is permissionless and forbidden to US citizens. Ondo is permissioned and open only to KYCed accredited investors.

## Article 7
### [On-chain Insights: Stablecoin Trading Volume Dominance in DeFi (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 On-chain Insights: Stablecoin Trading Volume Dominance in DeFi (8 minute read)

Stablecoin trading pairs dominate the volume on DEXs compared to Altcoin pairs. USDC is the most traded stablecoin, with 60% dominance. Ethereum processes 79% of stablecoin trading volume. New decentralized stablecoins like GHO and crvUSD have the potential to change the stablecoin landscape on DEXs.

## Article 8
### [Binance Withdrawals Surge as Paxos-BUSD Drama Weighs on the Exchange (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Binance Withdrawals Surge as Paxos-BUSD Drama Weighs on the Exchange (2 minute read)

Binance saw around $831 million in net outflows over 24 hours following news of a regulatory crackdown on BUSD. BUSD is the largest asset in Binance's reserves after USDT. It accounts for around 22% of Binance's $60 billion of assets. Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao has assured investors that customers' funds are safe.

## Article 9
### [$LENS Airdrop Strategy F09F8CBF (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 $LENS Airdrop Strategy F09F8CBF (5 minute read)

This Twitter thread guides users on how to get a Lens profile and how to complete Lens quests for rewards.

## Article 10
### [Designing a Sustainable Economic System for Blockchain Games: Lessons from History (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Designing a Sustainable Economic System for Blockchain Games: Lessons from History (4 minute read)

This article looks at successful games to discuss the logic of in-game virtual assets and how to design a sustainable gaming economic system from different perspectives.

