# Articles TLDR Crypto 27-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Hackers stole $4BN of cryptocurrency last year. DonE28099t be the next cautionary tale. (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hackers stole $4BN of cryptocurrency last year. DonE28099t be the next cautionary tale. (Sponsor)

Protect your project from increasingly sophisticated attacks by empowering your developers and operation teams with knowledge and real-time collaboration. Our team will stand ready to work alongside yours as a trusted extension when security is needed!Since 2014 Coinspect has contributed the blockchain community with useful resources and offering customers instant collaboration with security experts.Would you like to learn about EVM attacks? Access to our collection of Foundry tests reproducing exploits, bug bounty reports, and theoretical vulnerabilities on EVM chains.Need help securing your code at any stage of your SDLC? Talk with our experts!

## Article 2
### [Bitcoin Crashes, Retraces Gains Amid Unconfirmed US Government Dump Rumors (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Crashes, Retraces Gains Amid Unconfirmed US Government Dump Rumors (2 minute read)

The markets whipsawed in dramatic fashion yesterday. The day started out with crypto rising sharply on strong earnings in the stock market. BTC then experienced a dramatic crash, dumping from $30,000 to below $28,000, retracing the dayE28099s gains in a single hourly candle. Liquidations neared $200 million over four hours. Although the exact cause is unconfirmed, crypto news alerter "db" reported Mt. Gox and U.S. government wallets making transactions. Market intelligence platform Arkham responded but later deleted their reply, clarifying that the alert was due to a bug fix. After this was confirmed, Bitcoin then regained some ground, marching up above $29,000 again.

## Article 3
### [E28098OpenSea is in Big TroubleE28099 as Tiger Global Cuts Valuation by 76% (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E28098OpenSea is in Big TroubleE28099 as Tiger Global Cuts Valuation by 76% (3 minute read)

After an eye-popping capital raise in early 2022, OpenSea has seen its valuation drop from $13 billion to $3 billion during a harsh bear market, according to investor Tiger Global. The platform faces challenges such as declining NFT volume and increasing competition from rivals like Blur, which was the first platform to really prove that OpenSeaE28099s moat was not impenetrable. Trading volumes on OpenSea have decreased significantly, with Blur now surpassing it. In response, OpenSea has launched OpenSea Pro to compete with Blur, offering rewards and commemorations for early users. So far, the effect of OpenSea Pro and the changes in volume from it have been lackluster.

## Article 4
### [Circle Unveils New Method for Moving USDC Between Blockchains (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle Unveils New Method for Moving USDC Between Blockchains (2 minute read)

Yesterday, Circle introduced the Cross-Chain Transfer Protocol (CCTP) to simplify USDC stablecoin transfers between blockchains, making them faster, safer, and cheaper. Initially available for Ethereum and Avalanche transfers, the technology aims to overcome current fragmentation in USDC's $30 billion market cap. Unlike bridges, which use wrapped assets, CCTP burns USDC on the source chain and mints it on the destination chain. Wallet company MetaMask, bridge operator Wormhole, and bridge aggregator LI.FI are some of the first infrastructure providers adopting this new method.

## Article 5
### [Crypto Wallet Phantom to Release Public Multichain Support for Ethereum and Polygon (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Wallet Phantom to Release Public Multichain Support for Ethereum and Polygon (3 minute read)

Phantom, the main wallet on Solana, is set to support Ethereum and Polygon blockchains, starting on May 1. The multichain integration, available for Phantom's 3 million users, will allow users to seamlessly transfer assets across chains, apps, and marketplaces. If you want to try Phantom out on Ethereum and Polygon but donE28099t want to create a completely new wallet, you will be able to import secret keys from an existing Ethereum wallet to have all of your assets available in the Phantom interface. This move, opening up Phantom to a larger pool of crypto users, is yet another example of a larger trend of decentralized apps going multichain.

## Article 6
### [Building Secure Smart Contracts (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Building Secure Smart Contracts (GitHub Repo)

This repo from Trail of Bits outlines guidelines and best practices for writing secure smart contracts. It covers high-level best practices, incident response recommendations, secure development workflow, token integration checklists, and EVM technical knowledge. The repository also offers guidance on various EVM-compatible chains, examples of common smart contract issues, and information on utilizing automated tools for securing contracts, such as Echidna, Slither, and Manticore.

## Article 7
### [Blockchain Large Language Models (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Blockchain Large Language Models (30 minute read)

TXRANK, a dynamic, real-time tool for detecting anomalous blockchain transactions, generates tracing representations of activity and trains a large language model as an Intrusion Detection System. Traditional models have well-defined search spaces, rules, and patterns, but TXRANK is unrestricted in these ways, enabling it to detect a broader set of anomalies. Tested on Ethereum transactions, it effectively identified abnormal transactions in a dataset of 68 million transactions with an average throughput of 2,284 transactions per second. Contributions to the crypto ecosystem through this work include custom data encoding, domain-specific tokenization, and a tree encoding method tailored for EVM trace representation.

## Article 8
### [Funds of Every Wallet Created with the Trust Wallet Browser Extension Could Have Been Stolen Without Any User Interaction (16 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Funds of Every Wallet Created with the Trust Wallet Browser Extension Could Have Been Stolen Without Any User Interaction (16 minute read)

In November of 2022, a critical vulnerability was discovered in the Trust Wallet browser extension, potentially allowing attackers to steal all the assets of any wallet created with the extension. Luckily, the Ledger Donjon quickly found the flaw, which stemmed from the extension's seed generation process having a total entropy of only 32 bits. This made it possible for attackers to compute private keys and access funds by knowing an account's address. Fortunately, the vulnerability was discovered quickly, and Trust Wallet addressed the issue, likely avoiding what could have been one of the biggest hacks in crypto history.

## Article 9
### [Crypto Exchange Kraken Blasts IRS Summons as E28098Treasure HuntE28099 (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Exchange Kraken Blasts IRS Summons as E28098Treasure HuntE28099 (2 minute read)

Kraken is defying the IRS's demands for user information, claiming it's an "unjustified treasure hunt." The crypto exchange seeks a federal court order to halt the inquiry, arguing the IRS's request exceeds previous case boundaries.

## Article 10
### [Crypto Should be Perfect for Argentina's Currency Nightmare. So Why Aren't More People Using It? (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Should be Perfect for Argentina's Currency Nightmare. So Why Aren't More People Using It? (13 minute read)

