# Articles TLDR Crypto 21-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Pay your bills with crypto E28094 for real (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pay your bills with crypto E28094 for real (Sponsor)

What if you could use your DeFi earnings to pay your water bill?Spritz is the bridge between crypto and IRL youE28099ve been looking for:Pay off everyday expenses with your crypto earnings - credit cards, mortgage/rent, utilities, car payments, and moreProgram payments with any token on multiple chainsOff-ramp directly to any bank account in the US from your DeFi walletStart now to get $10 towards your first payment

## Article 2
### [Hong Kong shows desire to be crypto hub with new regulation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hong Kong shows desire to be crypto hub with new regulation (2 minute read)

Hong Kong has proposed new rules that would allow retail investors to trade certain large-cap tokens on licensed exchanges. The tokens likely include Bitcoin and Ether. The proposal stipulates that all centralized virtual currency exchanges must obtain a license from the city's Securities and Futures Commission. Exchanges will have to ban Hong Kong IP addresses until they have the relevant permits to operate there. The regulatory requirements are open for consultation until March 31 and the new licensing regime will take effect on June 1.

## Article 3
### [ETH Is Not Ultrasound Money: Part 1 (28 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ETH Is Not Ultrasound Money: Part 1 (28 minute read)</strong>

This article is the first of a multi-part series on a framework for ETH. The series covers how stablecoins will factor into the evolving crypto-economy, how ETH's role may evolve in a rapidly changing tech sack, what changes could be made to Ethereum's economic policy, why deflation doesn't make ETH ultrasound money, whether ETH can become 'money', and traditional assets, economics, and monetary policy. This article covers how value flows through the Ethereum protocol, what ETH is and why it matters, and blockchain profitability.

## Article 4
### [Arbitrum: A Technical Deep Dive (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Arbitrum: A Technical Deep Dive (6 minute read)

This article explores Arbitrum's technology and discusses why more and more projects are choosing to build on it. Arbitrum is a suite of products consisting of Arbitrum One, an Arbitrum Rollup chain running on Arbitrum Nitro, and Nova, an AnyTrust chain. Both are optimistic rollups, inheriting Ethereum-level security. The difference lies in their fraud-proof, where the transaction data is stored, and their level of decentralization. Arbitrum and Optimism use different dispute resolution processes, which affects how much it costs and how long it takes to complete a transaction.

## Article 5
### [Hedge fund Galois shuts down after half its assets trapped on FTX (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hedge fund Galois shuts down after half its assets trapped on FTX (2 minute read)

Galois Capital, one of the highest-profile victims of the FTX scandal, has decided to close and return its remaining money to investors. The fund had half of its assets trapped on FTX when the exchange collapsed. It was managing around $200 million in assets last year and was one of the biggest crypto-focused quantitative funds. Galois' closure will see clients receive 90% of the money not trapped in FTX, with the remaining 10% temporarily held back until discussions are finalized. The fund has sold its claim on FTX for around 16 cents on the dollar.

## Article 6
### [ArbitrumE28099s User Base Is Fastest Growing Among Leading Blockchains (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ArbitrumE28099s User Base Is Fastest Growing Among Leading Blockchains (1 minute read)

Transaction growth has been rapid, reaching almost 50% of daily Ethereum transactions in January, daily transactions and revenue are four times higher than six months ago, and developer activity is robust.

## Article 7
### [Helium to Fully Migrate to Solana Blockchain by March 27 (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Helium to Fully Migrate to Solana Blockchain by March 27 (1 minute read)

The migration will see HNT, MOBILE, and IOT issued on the Solana network.

## Article 8
### [Account Abstraction is NOT coming (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Account Abstraction is NOT coming (6 minute read)

Account Abstraction is the idea of reducing externally owned accounts and smart contracts to just smart contracts in order to improve usability and flexibility in web3.

