# Articles TLDR Crypto 11-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Sam Bankman-Fried Declared Alameda E28098Unauditable,E28099 New Report Shows (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sam Bankman-Fried Declared Alameda E28098Unauditable,E28099 New Report Shows (3 minute read)

FTX's new management, led by CEO John Ray III, released a report detailing the failed crypto exchange's control issues, including poor record-keeping, inadequate cybersecurity, and lack of expertise in finance. The report states FTX did not even have dedicated cybersecurity personnel and had extremely poor private key and seed phrase management practices. It also highlights Alameda's difficulty in understanding and managing its positions with FTX. Additionally, it reveals that major decisions were often left solely up to former CEO Sam Bankman-Fried and top executives Gary Wang and Nishad Singh even if the subject was outside of their purview or expertise.

## Article 2
### [Winklevoss Twins Lend $100 Million to Their Gemini Crypto Platform (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Winklevoss Twins Lend $100 Million to Their Gemini Crypto Platform (2 minute read)

Billionaire twins Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss recently provided a $100 million loan to their embattled crypto exchange, Gemini, amidst a market downturn for digital assets. After failing to secure outside funding, Gemini has faced setbacks, including a decrease in global spot trading volume and an overall slowdown in all facets of the market due to bear market forces. Fallout from FTX's collapse and lawsuits from the SEC and CFTC have further impacted Gemini, which previously raised $400 million at a $7.1 billion valuation in November 2021.

## Article 3
### [MetaMask Launches New Fiat Purchase Function for Cryptocurrency (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MetaMask Launches New Fiat Purchase Function for Cryptocurrency (2 minute read)

MetaMask launched a "Buy Crypto" feature in its Portfolio tool, allowing users to purchase cryptocurrencies with fiat through various payment methods, including debit and credit cards, PayPal, bank transfers, and ACH. Available in over 189 countries, the feature supports more than 90 tokens across eight networks. Users can access this option by connecting their wallets to the Portfolio tool or clicking "Buy" in the MetaMask extension wallet, then selecting their region, payment method, token, and network.

## Article 4
### [AI-Focused Blockchain CryptoGPT Raises $10M Funding at $250M Valuation (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 AI-Focused Blockchain CryptoGPT Raises $10M Funding at $250M Valuation (2 minute read)

On the back of the ChatGPT and GPT-4 launches and the ensuing gold rush into all things AI, CryptoGPT, a new L2 ZK rollup focusing on AI, raised $10 million in a Series A funding round led by DWF Labs, valuing the company at $250 million. CryptoGPT aims to allow users to monetize their data across various sectors and plans to issue NFTs storing owners' activity data. The funds will be used to expand its developer team and enhance its presence in Asian markets. CryptoGPT's native token, GPT, currently has a market cap of over $13 million. While there is hype around AI-focused tokens, there is still quite a bit of uncertainty around the longevity and actual utility of these projects.

## Article 5
### [Shanghai Upgrade - The Playbook (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Shanghai Upgrade - The Playbook (8 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Seeing like a protocol - Where Does Protocol Credibility Come From? (22 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Seeing like a protocol - Where Does Protocol Credibility Come From? (22 minute read)

This article discusses Proposer-Builder Separation and the Principal-Agent Problem, emphasizing their importance in understanding protocol development. It highlights questions about protocol boundaries, credibility, and the balance between protocol layers and external factors. The author argues that protocol development is a continuous conversation with its environment and that credibility depends on the community's willingness to defend the protocol's preferred outcomes. The article emphasizes the need for a more accurate view of the balance of power between the protocol and the larger system, which can inform future development.

## Article 7
### [EthereumE28099s Shanghai Update Opens a Rift in Crypto (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EthereumE28099s Shanghai Update Opens a Rift in Crypto (10 minute read)

Ethereum is set to switch from proof-of-work mining to a proof-of-stake system on April 12, with a much-anticipated update called Shanghai. In addition to anticipation around the effect of staked tokens being unlocked, the transition will significantly reduce energy consumption, which has rekindled the debate over the sustainability of mining-based cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. Critics have long argued that Bitcoin's energy consumption is harmful to the environment, while supporters claim it incentivizes renewable energy development. Some outside the crypto ecosystem have suggested that Bitcoin should follow EthereumE28099s lead, so Ethereum's shift may prompt more of these discussions. This would be a highly unlikely scenario though, as many in the Bitcoin community are ideologically opposed to a move like this and view it as a centralizing force going against the decentralization ethos that is a core tenet of Bitcoin.

## Article 8
### [What Have Crypto Whales Been Up To Lately? (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What Have Crypto Whales Been Up To Lately? (3 minute read)

## Article 9
### [DCGE28099s Bitcoin Mining Firm Foundry to Stop Offering Free Services (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 DCGE28099s Bitcoin Mining Firm Foundry to Stop Offering Free Services (2 minute read)

Crypto-mining firm Foundry, owned by Digital Currency Group, will start charging fees for its Bitcoin mining services, ending its previous "zero-fee" policy. The new tiered fees will support expansion and maintain the Full Pay Per Share payout model.

