# Articles TLDR Crypto 16-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Insecure web3 code is a hackerE28099s best friend (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Insecure web3 code is a hackerE28099s best friend (Sponsor)

Hackers will pounce on any chance to steal cryptocurrency and wreak havoc. ThatE28099s why the best web3 developers protect their source code and smart contracts with Coinspect security audits:<ul>Dozens of audits conducted since 2014 (blockchain implementations, dapps, protocols, mobile wallets, and more)Team of information security experts with over 20 years of experienceProven methodology to stress-test every aspect of your appE28099s security, from system design to pentestingRequest a customized security audit today

## Article 2
### [UKE28099s NatWest, PaySafe Distance From Crypto as Banks Roil (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UKE28099s NatWest, PaySafe Distance From Crypto as Banks Roil (3 minute read)

UK's NatWest bank has imposed restrictions on customers wiring funds to crypto exchanges, with daily and monthly limits of $1,200 and $6,000, allegedly, to protect consumers from losing significant sums of money. Additionally, online payments provider Paysafe is shutting down services to UK Binance customers. These moves follow the collapse of US banks Silvergate, Silicon Valley Bank, and Signature Bank and highlight the growing trend of financial institutions distancing themselves from digital assets amid a turbulent regulatory environment.

## Article 3
### [Bitcoin Dominance Reaches 9-Month High (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Dominance Reaches 9-Month High (2 minute read)

Bitcoin dominance (BTC.D) has reached a nine-month high of 45.5% amid volatile crypto markets and two crypto-friendly bank failures. BTC.DE28099s increase coincides with a price surge to beyond $26,000 after favorable CPI data where alts struggled to keep up. A BTC.D run indicates reduced market euphoria as traders choose BTC over more speculative altcoins. Additionally, BTC.D has also grown amid stablecoin uncertainty, with USDC depegging over the weekend and regulators increasing scrutiny on stablecoins.

## Article 4
### [Uniswap Version 3 Goes Live on BNB Chain (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Uniswap Version 3 Goes Live on BNB Chain (2 minute read)

Uniswap, EthereumE28099s largest DEX, has expanded to BNB Chain, offering user growth, lower fees, and access to new markets. The move enables Uniswap Protocol users to take advantage of BNB Chain's high-speed, low transaction fees for token trading and swapping. The integration also exposes Uniswap to BNB Chain's extensive DeFi developer community, which could help foster further innovation. This could also potentially increase awareness and adoption among retail and institutional investors and could add 1-2 million new users and Protocol stakeholders.

## Article 5
### [Thinking of Bridges as Clients: Bridges Got Hacked Because of Bad Code, not Bad Ideas (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Thinking of Bridges as Clients: Bridges Got Hacked Because of Bad Code, not Bad Ideas (5 minute read)

This article discusses the vulnerability of blockchain bridges due to software bugs at the implementation level. To enhance security, the author proposes viewing bridges as protocol clients, implementing a standardized bridging protocol, and promoting client diversity. The Multi-Message Aggregation (MMA) design for Uniswap cross-chain governance message passing is being developed as a practical application of this approach. MMA aims to improve the resilience and trustworthiness of cross-blockchain communication by prioritizing security in bridging.

## Article 6
### [Gensler Suggests Proof-of-Stake Tokens are Securities (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Gensler Suggests Proof-of-Stake Tokens are Securities (2 minute read)

Wednesday, SEC Chair Gary Gensler suggested that tokens leveraging staking mechanisms might be considered securities under U.S. law, as promised returns could lead to a need for registration. Gensler urged token operators and intermediaries to comply with regulations. His comments followed the CFTC Chair's reiteration that ether is a commodity. The SEC recently undertook its first staking-as-a-service enforcement action and settled with Kraken. Also, New York Attorney General Letitia James recently claimed that ether is an unregistered security in a lawsuit against KuCoin.

## Article 7
### [US Justice Department Announces Charges in Connection with ChipMixer Takedown (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 US Justice Department Announces Charges in Connection with ChipMixer Takedown (2 minute read)

The US Justice Department charged Minh QuE1BB91c NguyE1BB85n, a Hanoi resident, for operating ChipMixer, a crypto mixer involved in laundering over $844 million in Bitcoin tied to illicit activities since 2017.

