# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-03-2023

## Article 1
### [White House Blasts Digital Assets in New Report, Sees Little Value in Crypto (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 White House Blasts Digital Assets in New Report, Sees Little Value in Crypto (4 minute read)

A White House report criticized digital assets for, according to them, not fulfilling their initial promises and posing risks to consumers and the financial system. The report may indicate a shift in the Biden administration's stance from agnostic to against digital assets. It argued that digital assets have not provided any fundamental value or improved financial inclusion, and questioned the role of regulation in protecting stakeholders. The report also expressed skepticism about stablecoins and really any sort of distributed ledger technology, while highlighting the risks associated with DeFi applications.

## Article 2
### [Circle Seeks to Register in France, Ramping Up European Play (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle Seeks to Register in France, Ramping Up European Play (2 minute read)

Circle, the issuer of USDC, is filing applications to register as a crypto service provider in France and obtain an e-money provider license. The company aims to make France a hub for its EU operations, which could allow them to focus on EU specific regulations around stablecoins to maintain continuity of service there. Circle plans for its euro-backed stablecoin, EUROC, to comply with the upcoming Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) regulation. The company's move aligns with France's push for innovation-forward crypto regulation, and Circle joins other registered entities like Axa Investment Managers, Binance, and Societe Generale with a presence in the country.

## Article 3
### [Magic Eden Launches Bitcoin Marketplace as Ordinal Inscriptions Continue to Grow (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Magic Eden Launches Bitcoin Marketplace as Ordinal Inscriptions Continue to Grow (3 minute read)

Cross-chain NFT platform Magic Eden has launched a marketplace for Ordinals, the burgeoning Bitcoin-based innovation that has caught the attention of Bitcoiners, Ethereum NFT traders, and altcoiners alike. The platform previously supported NFT trading on Solana and Polygon, and aggregated listings for Ethereum-based NFTs. The Bitcoin marketplace aims to improve accessibility, security, and transparency for users. The move aligns with Magic Eden's long-term vision of NFTs becoming more and more central to culture and plans to build new use cases on additional chains.

## Article 4
### [CCP Games Raises $40M for New Triple-A web3 Game in the Eve Universe (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CCP Games Raises $40M for New Triple-A web3 Game in the Eve Universe (12 minute read)

CCP Games has raised $40 million to develop a new triple-A blockchain game set in the Eve universe. The funding round was led by Andreessen Horowitz and included Makers Fund, Bitkraft, Kingsway Capital, Nexon, and Hashed, among others. The new game will leverage smart contract and blockchain tech for persistence, composability, and open third-party development, creating a new relationship between virtual worlds and players. This separate project will not affect the existing Eve Online game, which is now in its 20th year.

## Article 5
### [A Deep Dive Into Polytrade (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A Deep Dive Into Polytrade (9 minute read)

Polytrade is a Dubai-based trade finance platform utilizing blockchain technology to streamline receivables financing, connecting buyers, sellers, insurers, and investors to overcome traditional financing challenges. It offers low-interest, fast financing and employs DeFi to bring transparency to the industry through Proof of Trade. Polytrade is set to launch an RWA Marketplace for trading tokenized assets, including invoices from major corporations. The platform also developed Polytrade ID to securely onboard companies and institutions to web3 and DeFi, aiming to revolutionize the industry by enhancing transparency, security, and accessibility.

## Article 6
### [What the FOMC? The Fed, Interest Rates, Dot Plots & What it All Means for Crypto (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What the FOMC? The Fed, Interest Rates, Dot Plots & What it All Means for Crypto (3 minute read)</a>
After a tumultuous couple weeks in the US banking system, the US Federal Reserve is expected to make an interest rate decision today, leaving analysts divided on expectations of the outcome. Despite earlier expectations of a 50 basis point hike, the recent economic volatility has changed predictions. The CME FedWatch tool shows an 86% probability of a 25-basis point increase, while Goldman Sachs expects the FOMC to pause hikes. The decision will likely impact Bitcoin's performance further. BTC has already seen an almost 50% increase in just a couple weeks as a Fed pivot has become more likely and the E28098flight to qualityE28099 narrative has taken hold for both crypto natives and those that are uncertain about how safe their bank deposits might be.

## Article 7
### [msigner: Ordinals Atomic Swap PSBT Signer (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 msigner: Ordinals Atomic Swap PSBT Signer (GitHub Repo)

msigner is a secure, open-source Bitcoin PSBT signer library for marketplaces, featuring buyer-seller-friendly APIs, trust-minimized PSBT combining, and wide wallet support.

## Article 8
### [Sony to Introduce NFTs Into PlayStation Games (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sony to Introduce NFTs Into PlayStation Games (2 minute read)

Sony has published a patent for incorporating NFTs and blockchain tech into its PlayStation games. The patent reveals plans for NFTs, other digital assets, marketplaces, and technology to rent NFTs.

## Article 9
### [Sushi DAO, Key Contributor Served With SEC Subpoena (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sushi DAO, Key Contributor Served With SEC Subpoena (1 minute read)

Sushi DAO and its Head Chef Jared Grey were subpoenaed by the SEC. Grey subsequently proposed a "Sushi DAO Legal Defense Fund" to cover legal expenses for core contributors during the investigation.

