# Articles TLDR Crypto 15-05-2023

## Article 1
### [Ethereum Developers Release Patches for Recent Beacon Chain Finality Issues (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Developers Release Patches for Recent Beacon Chain Finality Issues (2 minute read)

Ethereum's beacon chain faced finality issues twice last week, prompting developers to release software updates for the Prysm and Teku clients to restore network stability. While the precise cause is under investigation, a heavy load on consensus layer clients seems to have triggered the problem. Despite temporary interruptions in block finalization, end users didn't experience any transaction issues, thanks to the diversity of client implementations. The updates were also deployed quickly, another example of the impressive coordination between a decentralized group of developers.

## Article 2
### [Vending Machine (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Vending Machine (3 minute read)

## Article 3
### [MetaMask and PayPal, All You Need to Know About Buying ETH (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 MetaMask and PayPal, All You Need to Know About Buying ETH (2 minute read)

MetaMask has introduced PayPal as a payment method for purchasing ETH within its wallet for users across the US, except Hawaii. This is the first time PayPal has partnered with a web3 wallet to enable users to purchase ETH directly with USD. The integration also enables the transfer of ETH from PayPal to MetaMask. Users can utilize their PayPal balance, a linked bank account, or a debit card to add ETH directly to their MetaMask wallet. This new feature looks to simplify the crypto purchasing process and expand on-ramps for users, especially those in the US that face increasing difficulty with on and off-ramps amid regulatory uncertainty in the country.

## Article 4
### [How An Obscure OTC-Traded Derivative From the 80's Took Over Crypto (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How An Obscure OTC-Traded Derivative From the 80's Took Over Crypto (7 minute read)

The perpetual future, a financial derivative, evolved from an obscure product introduced decades ago to a leading crypto derivative trading over $18T annually, thanks to its unique properties that significantly reduce transaction costs and basis risk.

## Article 5
### [Paradigm-Backed NFT Ownership Platform Tessera is Shutting Down (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Paradigm-Backed NFT Ownership Platform Tessera is Shutting Down (2 minute read)

Tessera, a protocol for collective NFT ownership and governance, is ceasing operations due to unfavorable market scenarios and financial conditions, according to co-founder Andy Chorlian.

## Article 6
### [U.S. Crypto Firms Set Sail to Bermuda Amid Dark and Stormy US Regulatory Environment (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>U.S. Crypto Firms Set Sail to Bermuda Amid Dark and Stormy US Regulatory Environment (6 minute read)

