# Articles TLDR Crypto 30-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Winklevoss's Gemini Gears Up to Launch Overseas Crypto Derivatives Exchange - Report (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Winklevoss's Gemini Gears Up to Launch Overseas Crypto Derivatives Exchange - Report (2 minute read)

Gemini, a cryptocurrency exchange led by the Winklevoss twins, is reportedly working with market makers to introduce overseas crypto derivatives. This move follows increased attention on international crypto derivatives exchanges after the US CFTC's lawsuit against Binance. Gemini's actions come amid FTX's downfall, opening opportunities for trading platforms to expand into derivatives trading. Coinbase Global is also said to be exploring a similar path. Recently, Gemini faced challenges such as a lawsuit with the SEC and industry-wide downturn-related job cuts.

## Article 2
### [SEC's Gensler Insists Clear Rules for Crypto Market 'Already Exist' (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC's Gensler Insists Clear Rules for Crypto Market 'Already Exist' (3 minute read)

In a testimony yesterday, SEC Chairman Gary Gensler continued to claim that there are clear regulations for crypto companies, but that they are just not complying. He also reiterated that the majority of coins and tokens are securities. Gensler maintained that regulations, including disclosure regulations, are already in place, while most industry participants and outsiders seem to have a less than clear understanding of those E2809CregulationsE2809D. The SEC continues to follow a "regulation by enforcement" approach, cracking down on companies and projects dealing with unregistered securities. High-profile crypto brands have faced increased scrutiny from the SEC, resulting in fines and legal actions.

## Article 3
### [Art Blocks Debuts NFT Marketplace With Enforced Creator Royalties (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Art Blocks Debuts NFT Marketplace With Enforced Creator Royalties (6 minute read)

Art Blocks has introduced its own secondary marketplace for NFTs, integrated within the existing website, which allows collectors to browse NFTs across all Art Blocks collections. The company will not charge platform fees for secondary trades and will honor artists' royalty settings. This move contrasts with other Ethereum NFT marketplaces, such as OpenSea, which have made creator royalties optional. Art Blocks is one of the largest players in the NFT ecosystem generating over $1.4 billion in sales while focusing on spotlighting projects and providing a secure platform.

## Article 4
### [The NFT MEV Landscape (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The NFT MEV Landscape (10 minute read)

The NFT market's structure differs significantly from that of fungible tokens, featuring more frequent capital formation events, lower secondary volumes, bid liquidity challenges, and numerous offchain orderbooks. This results in a unique NFT MEV landscape with fewer arbitrage opportunities and more MEV extraction during mints. Unique MEV forms in the NFT market include sweeping and re-listing floors, trait sniping, and extraction from inactive listings. Opportunities to address these challenges include MEV-aware minting solutions, open pricing data, dynamic on-chain orderbooks, new auction styles, and additional communication channels for traders.

## Article 5
### [Bear in Mind: Long-Term BuilderE28099s Guide to the Bear Market (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bear in Mind: Long-Term BuilderE28099s Guide to the Bear Market (4 minute read)

## Article 6
### [Sam Bankman-FriedE28099s Legal Defense Is Being Funded With Alameda Money He Gifted His Father (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Sam Bankman-FriedE28099s Legal Defense Is Being Funded With Alameda Money He Gifted His Father (5 minute read)

Sam Bankman-Fried, the founder of the collapsed FTX exchange, is allegedly funding his legal defense with a multi-million dollar gift originally given to his father, financed by a loan from SBF-owned Alameda Research. Bankman-Fried faces charges including wire fraud, money laundering, and securities fraud. The gift, given tax-free using a lifetime estate and gift tax exemption, was arranged in 2021. FTX debtors allege $8.9 billion in customer deposits are still missing, with Bankman-Fried accused of misappropriating customer funds via Alameda since 2019.

## Article 7
### [Ethereum Staking Tokens Jump Double Digits as Shanghai Upgrade Gets a Date (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Staking Tokens Jump Double Digits as Shanghai Upgrade Gets a Date (2 minute read)

The upcoming Shapella upgrade that will allow Ethereum stakers to freely withdraw their ETH was announced for April 12, giving a boost to staking project tokens like LDO, FXS, and RPL. With withdrawals enabled, the decreased risk could attract more ETH holders to stake through liquid staking derivative platforms in pursuit of higher yields. This upgrade follows Ethereum's transition to a proof-of-stake consensus mechanism in September 2022.

## Article 8
### [Andy Warhol Artworks to Be Offered as Tokenized Investments on Ethereum (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Andy Warhol Artworks to Be Offered as Tokenized Investments on Ethereum (2 minute read)

Freeport, a blockchain-based platform, will launch a limited collection of tokenized Andy Warhol prints using Vertalo for tokenization. The platform enables fractionalized art investment targeting younger, less financially flexible investors.

## Article 9
### [Avaissance, AvalancheE28099s New Initiative to Incubate the Next Generation of Digital Artists (1 min read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Avaissance, AvalancheE28099s New Initiative to Incubate the Next Generation of Digital Artists (1 min read)

Avaissance is Avalanche's initiative to incubate digital artists, offering an Artist in Residence program with funding, mentorship, and support from the Avalanche ecosystem to encourage creativity and career growth.

## Article 10
### [SEC Brings Charges Against Beaxy for Not Registering as Securities Exchange (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC Brings Charges Against Beaxy for Not Registering as Securities Exchange (2 minute read)

The SEC charged Beaxy and its executives for failing to register as an exchange, broker, or clearing agency, and raised allegations of securities fraud involving an $8 million unregistered Beaxy token offering.

