# Articles TLDR Crypto 13-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Bitcoin Punks: Ordinal NFT Collection Soars in Value (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Punks: Ordinal NFT Collection Soars in Value (1 minute read)

Bitcoin Punk 94 recently sold for 9.5 BTC, or roughly $214,000. The collection was minted using the Ordinals Protocol, which has stirred up debate among the Bitcoin community. Some purists believe the blockchain should only be limited to financial transactions while others view the Ordinals' popularity as a positive catalyst for development. Demand for Ordinals inscriptions could impact other Bitcoin use cases by distorting the fee market away from its use as an open monetary protocol.

## Article 2
### [Billions Of TetherE28099s Reserves Were Stored At Cantor Fitzgerald, Capital Union, And Ansbacher (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Billions Of TetherE28099s Reserves Were Stored At Cantor Fitzgerald, Capital Union, And Ansbacher (10 minute read)

Tether moved $37 billion of its reserves to a Bahamian bank called Capital Union in 2021. It also enlisted another Bahamian bank, Ansbacher, to hold some of its reserves. Tether has been using New York financial services giant Cantor Fitzgerald as a custodian of US Treasury bills. The full breakdown of Tether reserves and their distribution remains unknown.

## Article 3
### [Friends with Benefits DAO Releases Social Networking App (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Friends with Benefits DAO Releases Social Networking App (1 minute read)

Friends With Benefits (FWB) has launched a social networking application. The app allows members to connect with each other, read governance proposals, and discover upcoming in-person events. To join, members must hold 75 FWB tokens (around $800). The FWB community currently has over 3,000 engaged members. FWB DAO will soon be voting on a number of in-person social initiatives, including the 2023 production of FWB FEST, a music and arts gathering.

## Article 4
### [Ethereum Sets February Date for Sepolia Testnet to Get Shanghai Hard Fork (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ethereum Sets February Date for Sepolia Testnet to Get Shanghai Hard Fork (1 minute read)

Ethereum developers have agreed to push the Sepolia testnet through the Shanghai upgrade on February 28. Sepolia is a closed testnet for developers who run validators on the network. The Zhejiang testnet was upgraded earlier and successfully simulated staked ETH withdrawals last week. Ethereum's final testnet, Goerli, will get the upgrade before the main Ethereum blockchain is upgraded next month.

## Article 5
### [A beginner's intro to coding zero-knowledge proofs (30 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 A beginner's intro to coding zero-knowledge proofs (30 minute read)

Zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs) are becoming increasingly popular cryptographic tools, but it can be difficult for developers to find the resources to get started. This beginner's guide is written for developers. It aims to provide an overview of ZKPs, explaining what they are and how they are used, without delving into the underlying math. It also looks at a few languages for writing ZKPs.

## Article 6
### [Shopify Connect wallet (Website)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Shopify Connect wallet (Website)

Shopify Connect wallet provides a standard way for wallets to connect and sign messages on Shopify storefronts. This page contains a guide on how to use the Connect wallet package with any React app. A link to a series on how to integrate Connect wallet with storefronts is available.

## Article 7
### [How to evaluate crypto protocols in 2023 (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How to evaluate crypto protocols in 2023 (10 minute read)

## Article 8
### [CBDCs: More Than You Wanted To Know (14 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CBDCs: More Than You Wanted To Know (14 minute read)

Central banks across the world are increasingly looking into the potential of digital currencies. China, India, and several other countries are already trialing digital currencies. The countries that aren't trialing digital currencies are considering the possibility of creating digital currencies. This article looks at why there is so much interest in digital currencies and what needs they fulfill that traditional currencies do not. Digital currencies could be a way to link fiscal and monetary policy together as they redefine the core meaning of 'money'.

## Article 9
### [Going beyond SBTs & ERC721 for Verifiable Credentials (13 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Going beyond SBTs & ERC721 for Verifiable Credentials (13 minute read)

This article introduces another solution for verifiable credentials using Ethereum-based attestations and explores the trade-offs and limitations of NFTs and Soulbound Tokens.

## Article 10
### [Coinbase will 'happily defend' staking in U.S. courts, says CEO (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase will 'happily defend' staking in U.S. courts, says CEO (2 minute read)

Coinbase executives claim that staking cannot be classified as a security under the US Securities Act or Howey test.

