# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-04-2023

## Article 1
### [Coinbase Gets Bermuda License, Plans to Launch Offshore Exchange in Coming Weeks (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Gets Bermuda License, Plans to Launch Offshore Exchange in Coming Weeks (2 minute read)</span>

Coinbase has secured a license from the Bermuda Monetary Authority to expand its international business amid increasing hostility from US regulators towards the crypto industry. Potentially as early as next week, the company is planning to launch an offshore derivatives exchange in Bermuda, targeting perpetual swaps and other crypto-related derivatives largely unavailable in the US due to regulatory restrictions. This move could position Coinbase to challenge Binance's dominance and diversify its revenue base. While an immediate exodus of major US crypto firms is unlikely, this is yet another sign that the industry is increasingly considering alternative locations like Hong Kong, Dubai, and Singapore as primary places of business.

## Article 2
### [Institutions Flock to Ether After Shapella Upgrade (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Institutions Flock to Ether After Shapella Upgrade (4 minute read)

Subsequent to EthereumE28099s Shapella upgrade implemented on April 12 institutional activity in Ether futures have risen by 39% on the CME, indicating, perhaps, that institutional interest increased with the successful transition to Proof of Stake. In addition to putting the risk of a failed upgrade behind us, the upgrade also reduces staking risks by allowing immediate withdrawals of locked coins. This creates an attractive yield instrument for institutions to work with, whether they deploy delta-neutral yield strategies or are just looking to juice their returns on ETH with extra yield. Ether's price increased sharply after the upgrade, and the futures basis widened, suggesting leverage has been allocated to the bullish side.

## Article 3
### [Hard-Wallet Maker Ledger, Crypto Custodian Etana Target Institutions With Regulated Custody (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Hard-Wallet Maker Ledger, Crypto Custodian Etana Target Institutions With Regulated Custody (2 minute read)

Ledger, a hardware wallet producer, is partnering with Etana Custody to get into the institutional game in the US, offering secure, regulated custody for these large clients. The collaboration aims to boost investor confidence and remove barriers by making it easier for institutions to store digital assets. Clients can access over 1,800 tokens supported by Ledger without having to maintain their own private keys. Etana can act as a settlement party, allowing counterparties to trade digital assets without direct monetary exchange, reducing risks and ensuring compliance amid increased US regulatory scrutiny.

## Article 4
### [Square Enix Teams With Elixir to Bring Web3 Games to Mainstream Audiences (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Square Enix Teams With Elixir to Bring Web3 Games to Mainstream Audiences (2 minute read)

Square Enix, the Japanese game publisher behind Final Fantasy, is partnering with PC gaming platform Elixir to dive deeper into web3 gaming. Elixir, which recently integrated the Epic Games Store library, offers both traditional and web3 games. The collaboration aims to combine the web2 and web3 gaming worlds and bring web3 games to mainstream audiences. Square Enix has been an advocate for web3 gaming, both investing in web3 gaming and building its own games.

## Article 5
### [Why Privacy Failed (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Why Privacy Failed (17 minute read)

This article discusses the challenges of privacy adoption, emphasizing that privacy has not failed but is hampered by a lack of captivating, marketable products. It highlights the importance of balancing user experience, alignment with government/society, and minimizing social anxiety. Importantly, privacy is considered a feature, not the product itself, and compelling products must be complemented with privacy features. This article suggests that compliant privacy solutions, which work in harmony with existing institutions and societies, will ultimately be more successful than ungovernable, fully private solutions and can be done with ZK tech in a way that is palatable to all parties involved.

## Article 6
### [Consider the Chromie Squiggle: An Exploration of the Most Contentious On-Chain Generative Art NFT (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Consider the Chromie Squiggle: An Exploration of the Most Contentious On-Chain Generative Art NFT (5 minute read)

Chromie Squiggles, a collection of generative art NFTs created by Art Blocks founder Snowfro, have gained prominence in the crypto art movement. Their fun and visually memorable design, early on-chain generative art genesis story, and connection to Art Blocks and Snowfro contribute to their appeal. While simple at first glance, there is actually a great deal of detail embedded in each Squiggle and in the algorithm as a whole. People often scoff at them, saying they just look like a simple E2809CscribbleE2809D, but this article dives into why they are not just silly drawings and what makes them potentially important in the space.</span>

## Article 7
### [E28098Sandwich BotsE28099 Filch Millions Off Unwitting Investors During Meme Coin Rally (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 E28098Sandwich BotsE28099 Filch Millions Off Unwitting Investors During Meme Coin Rally (5 minute read)

As the meme coin frenzy rages on, sandwich bots are exploiting inexperienced traders, manipulating Ethereum transactions and targeting market slippage. These automated programs have made millions, with one bot, jaredfromsubway.eth, profiting $1.7 million.

## Article 8
### [Signature Bank Didn't Fail Because of Crypto, New York Regulator Says (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Signature Bank Didn't Fail Because of Crypto, New York Regulator Says (3 minute read)

Adrienne Harris, New York's head banking regulator, clarified that Signature Bank's failure was not due to crypto exposure, countering criticisms from former Rep. Barney Frank during a congressional hearing.

## Article 9
### [Georgian Vendors Get Crypto Payments Option with New Partnership (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Georgian Vendors Get Crypto Payments Option with New Partnership (1 minute read)

Gate Pay has partnered with CityPay.io, enabling over 600 Georgian merchants, including Wendy's, to accept crypto payments. The collaboration aims to bridge the gap between web3 and daily life, offering a seamless crypto payment experience.

