# Articles TLDR Crypto 03-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Crypto Winter Led to 91% Plunge in VC and Other Investments for January (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Winter Led to 91% Plunge in VC and Other Investments for January (2 minute read)

Investment in cryptocurrency companies dropped significantly in January this year compared to January 2022. Transactions decreased from 166 in January 2022 to 62 last month. There were 17 deals that were worth over $100 million in January 2022 and only one so far this year. Investments this January mainly centered around smaller, early-stage enterprises. It is possible that some of these investments had already begun to raise money prior to the FTX's collapse in November.

## Article 2
### [Tether Ownership and Company Weaknesses Revealed in Documents (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Tether Ownership and Company Weaknesses Revealed in Documents (11 minute read)

Tether Holdings Ltd. is at the center of crypto's financial world. With a market cap of $68 billion, more USDT is traded each day than bitcoin. A review of documents dating back several years by the Wall Street Journal provides the most comprehensive view yet of the four men behind Tether. This article discusses Tether's ownership structure, the company's history, how its assets are managed, and more. Tether's founders and owners are from diverse backgrounds and have limited experience in financial ventures of this scale.

## Article 3
### [OP Token Surges 25% as Optimism Foundation Proposes 'Bedrock' Upgrade (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OP Token Surges 25% as Optimism Foundation Proposes 'Bedrock' Upgrade (4 minute read)

A proposal for a mainnet upgrade to Optimism aimed at improving performance and functionality was submitted on Wednesday. The proposal offers a new level of modularity, simplicity, and Ethereum equivalence for layer 2 solutions. It claims that the changes could lead to an explosion in the number of layer 2 protocols. The community will discuss the proposal before voting on it in two weeks. If approved, the upgrade will be implemented on March 15 at 9 am PT. Optimism's OP token has rallied by 200% in the last four weeks.

## Article 4
### [OpenSea Releases Suite of New Tools for Creator NFT Drops (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 OpenSea Releases Suite of New Tools for Creator NFT Drops (2 minute read)

OpenSea has launched its next phase of Drops, providing creators with a suite of tools to manage their own minting experience. The tools allow creators to deploy smart contracts across EVM chains, configure drop mechanics, personalize landing pages, and more. They will be available to select creators in the coming weeks. A link to a form to request early access to the toolkit is available in the article.

## Article 5
### [Some say Real Alpha is found on GitHub (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Some say Real Alpha is found on GitHub (6 minute read)

GitHub is a treasure trove for finding new projects and updates. It might seem daunting, but the site is pretty easy to use. This Twitter thread covers how to navigate GitHub, star repos, build a follower web, and access educational content. The main alpha that can be acquired from GitHub is new repositories. Commit history can give insight into project health and development progress.

## Article 6
### [BonqDAO protocol suffers $120M loss after oracle hack (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 BonqDAO protocol suffers $120M loss after oracle hack (3 minute read)

BonqDAO was the recent victim of an oracle hack that resulted in an estimated $120 million loss. The exploit enabled the attacker to manipulate the price of AllianceBlock's ALBT token, permitting them to mint large amounts of BEUR. The BEUR was then swapped for other tokens on Uniswap. This reduced ALBT's price to almost zero, triggering the liquidation of ALBT troves. BonqDAO has paused the protocol and all liquidity has been removed while the team works on a recovery solution. No smart contracts were exploited on AllianceBlock. AllianceBlock will mint new ALBT tokens to compensate those affected by the exploit.

## Article 7
### [Ex-App Store Director: 'Apple Had a Problem With Crypto From Day One' (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ex-App Store Director: 'Apple Had a Problem With Crypto From Day One' (5 minute read)

It is particularly difficult for crypto companies and projects to get listed in Apple's App Store. This is not accidental, according to the former App Store director. Apple's guidelines are deliberately unclear. This has allowed the company to act as a gatekeeper and enforce a strict policy against crypto and NFTs. Any NFTs bought in-app are subject to Apple's 30% fee. Developers are not allowed to offer workarounds to evade the fee. NFTs viewed through an app are not allowed to unlock any additional content or in-app features.

## Article 8
### [The Promises of Blockchain Gaming (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Promises of Blockchain Gaming (12 minute read)

This article looks at the state of blockchain gaming and what permissionless innovation can do for the average gamer.</span>

## Article 9
### [Emerging NFT infra to follow F09F94A5 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Emerging NFT infra to follow F09F94A5 (5 minute read)

This post looks at a handful of new NFT projects that have recently launched or started to gain traction like never before.

