# Articles TLDR Crypto 01-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Rollup Wars: Battle Rages For the Future Of Ethereum Scaling (3 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Rollup Wars: Battle Rages For the Future Of Ethereum Scaling (3 minute read)</strong>

Ethereum's top teams are debating whether Optimistic or Zero-Knowledge Rollups will end up as the leading layer 2 solution. Optimistic Rollups use a seven-day delay for withdrawals to mainnet in order to detect fraud, with validators posting collateral that can be slashed if they submit false transactions. ZK Rollups offer faster transactions and more privacy, but they are not currently compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine. Optimistic Rollups can support both EVM and non-EVM contracts.

## Article 2
### [Celsius' business model different from that advertised (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Celsius' business model different from that advertised (2 minute read)

Celsius Network has been accused of not delivering on its advertised business model and promises surrounding its native CEL token. It gathered crypto deposits from retail customers and invested them in the equivalent of the wholesale crypto market. Celsius' use of customer deposits to purchase stablecoins created a billion-dollar hole in its assets. A deficit of $1.19 billion was listed on its balance sheet when it filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors in July last year.

## Article 3
### [ADA-backed algorithmic stablecoin Djed launched on Cardano (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ADA-backed algorithmic stablecoin Djed launched on Cardano (2 minute read)

The fall of Terra caused many crypto users to become weary of algorithmic stablecoins. The market for these assets has dropped tenfold since its peak before the Terra incident. Despite this, developers on the Cardano network have pushed forward with the launch of DJED, an overcollateralized stablecoin. DJED is pegged to USD and backed by Cardano's native coin ADA. It was released on the Cardano mainnet on January 31st by Coti, a DeFi solutions developer. DJED was under development for over a year and has successfully completed a security audit.

## Article 4
### [Unlocking Proof of Humanity with Non-Financial NFTs (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Unlocking Proof of Humanity with Non-Financial NFTs (9 minute read)

The bear market has provided a wake-up call to the NFT world and non-financial NFTs may finally take their place in the spotlight. This article discusses non-financial NFTs, how they can be used, and issues with implementing them. There are three categories of non-financial NFTs: credentialing, brand distribution, and utilitarian. These NFTs are primarily used to provide a wallet with a trait. The more traits a wallet has, the more its identity comes into focus.

## Article 5
### [Consensus canon (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Consensus canon (15 minute read)

Consensus protocols are an integral part of blockchain. This article contains a list of links to help readers get up to date with the most recent research. The links are divided by type of protocol: synchronous, partially synchronous, asynchronous, DAG, and permissionless. General resources that provide an overview of existing research are available.

## Article 6
### [Introducing Sovereign (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing Sovereign (6 minute read)

Sovereign is an open, interconnected rollup ecosystem.

## Article 7
### [Wormhole Wins Vote to Be UniswapE28099s Designated Bridge to BNB Chain (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Wormhole Wins Vote to Be UniswapE28099s Designated Bridge to BNB Chain (2 minute read)

Wormhole will be Uniswap's crypto bridge platform when its version 3 arrives on the BNB Chain, which will be before April 1.</span>

