# Articles TLDR Crypto 09-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Last chance to join the mint! A multi-tiered event, rewards and generative art experience (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Last chance to join the mint! A multi-tiered event, rewards and generative art experience (Sponsor)

For the first time, CoinDesk is offering a multi-year access pass to Consensus, the biggest event in crypto and Web3 E28094 as well as randomized perks and rewards worth $25-$19000.The three-year Pro pass is paired with a generative art NFT from notable artist Fahad Karim, along with a layered bonus-reward system for collectors.The collection mint period ends in 3 days. Connect your wallet now

## Article 2
### [Crypto Bank Silvergate Announces 'Voluntary Liquidation' (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Bank Silvergate Announces 'Voluntary Liquidation' (4 minute read)

Silvergate Bank, a crypto-friendly bank, announced it will "voluntarily liquidate" its assets and wind down operations after announcing it would have to delay filing its annual 10-K report due to issues with its independent auditors. Under the wind down, all deposits will be repaid in full, and the bank is exploring ways to resolve claims and preserve the residual value of its assets, including its proprietary technology and tax assets. The California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation and the White House are monitoring the situation, with the Senate Banking Committee Chairman urging Congress to take action on crypto issues. Silvergate had taken out approximately $4.3 billion in federal loans and will suspend its Silvergate Exchange Network (SEN). It appears to be the first major bank collapse since October 2020, and possibly the largest bank to fail since 2009.

## Article 3
### [Crypto Exchange Gemini Denies JPMorgan Chase Ended Banking Relationship (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Exchange Gemini Denies JPMorgan Chase Ended Banking Relationship (4 minute read)

Crypto exchange Gemini has denied reports that J.P. Morgan Chase has ended their banking relationship, with Gemini saying their relationship remains intact. This comes as on the same day Silvergate Capital announced it was voluntarily liquidating its assets and regulators have told banks to be careful in their dealings with crypto clients. Gemini has cut ties with Silvergate Capital and is rolling out a range of products, including Spark Lend and sEtherDAI.

## Article 4
### [Coinbase Announces Wallet-as-a-Service. Now Any Company Can Seamlessly Onboard Their Users to web3 (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Announces Wallet-as-a-Service. Now Any Company Can Seamlessly Onboard Their Users to web3 (8 minute read)

Coinbase Wallet-as-a-Service (WaaS) has launched and aims to solve the complex nature of web3 wallets by enabling companies to provide their users with safe, secure, and easy access to web3 wallets. WaaS uses multi-party computation (MPC) cryptographic technology for added security, allowing for self-custody keys to be safe even if a user's device is compromised. Companies such as Moonray, Floor, tokenproof, and thirdweb are partnering with Coinbase to use WaaS in creating web3 experiences accessible to everyone.

## Article 5
### [Cat in a Box - From Zero to Hero (3 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cat in a Box - From Zero to Hero (3 minute read)</strong>

Cat in a Box is a novel Ethereum-based borrowing/lending protocol developed by the founders of Alchemix, where users can deposit stETH and borrow boxETH (a synthetic ETH) with no liquidation penalties, no interest rates, and enjoy a portion of their LIDO staking yields. Borrowers give up the yield on their stETH that is locked by debt, while the yield is redistributed proportionally among the unlocked stETH. Resolvers can repay a portion of the debt of any vault and retrieve an equal amount of their collateral, however they need to pay a fee proportional to the LTV. BoxFEE holders can stake their boxFEE to earn fees on all stETH yields, and users can burn their boxFEE against a portion of boxETH backing.

## Article 6
### [Can You Run a Profitable Delta-Neutral Strategy Fully On-Chain Using Perpetuals? (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Can You Run a Profitable Delta-Neutral Strategy Fully On-Chain Using Perpetuals? (8 minute read)

Perpetual exchanges have been gaining a lot of popularity lately, and understanding how funding rates work is key to taking advantage of delta-neutral strategies to generate risk-adjusted returns. Strategies such as cash and carry, where you buy the spot asset and sell the perpetual future in the same size, and funding rate arbitrage, where you take a long and short perpetual position across different exchanges, can be employed. This article walks through the details of these types of trading strategies and other considerations when dealing with perpetuals. The article also emphasizes that to maximize profits and reduce risks, traders must select the right assets and exchanges, manage leg risks, and consider liquidation and associated trading costs.

## Article 7
### [The Sweet Spot for What Has the Potential to be the Golden Age of Crypto Investing (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Sweet Spot for What Has the Potential to be the Golden Age of Crypto Investing (4 minute read)

Brevan Howard DigitalE28099s Peter Johnson argues that even in the face of significant regulatory and market-related headwinds, web3 has become a fundamental technological innovation with growing adoption across many industries, making now an especially attractive time to invest in crypto. Web3 technology is being deployed and achieving significant adoption for non-investment-related use cases such as digital goods (NFTs) for brands, tech platforms, game studios, and stablecoin payments. A lot of this innovation and adoption has occurred over the last 3 years, but valuations have become more attractive over the last 6-12 months. Johnson asserts that we could be entering the sweet spot for investing in crypto as weE28099re coming into a unique cross-section of innovation, adoption, and valuations that weE28099ve not yet seen in the space.

## Article 8
### [Bitcoin Whales Have Been Swimming in Different Directions (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Bitcoin Whales Have Been Swimming in Different Directions (2 minute read)

Whale behavior has been diverging in recent months with smaller whales (those holding 1,000+ BTC) decreasing holdings by 13% since March 2022 and larger whales (those holding over 10,000 BTC) increasing holdings 34%. Smaller whales have shown a remarkable ability to reduce holdings when market conditions are unfavorable, while larger whales' size constrains their ability to react quickly to changing market conditions. Whales tend to buy when prices are low, spurring price and overall valuation upturns; however, these smaller whales have been sending BTC to exchanges recently - a bearish sign.

