# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Fast, versatile, and non-custodial E28094 1inch is the Defi Wallet youE28099ve been looking for (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Fast, versatile, and non-custodial E28094 1inch is the Defi Wallet youE28099ve been looking for (Sponsor)

Need an easy-to-use crypto wallet with top-level security and a sophisticated feature set?1inch is fast, secure, and versatile. Whatever operations with crypto assets you would like to perform on your mobile device, 1inch offers you the most convenient way:No crazy transaction fees.No shady middlemen.Flexible and fast transactions.Get the 1inch Wallet for free

## Article 2
### [Circle Dropped Automated Clearing House Payments: Dapper Labs (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Circle Dropped Automated Clearing House Payments: Dapper Labs (2 minute read)

On Monday, Dapper Labs reported it could no longer process ACH payments due to its payment partner, Circle. Later, Dapper Labs announced in its Discord that Circle had decided E2809Ceffective immediatelyE2809D to stop processing ACH payments for all of its partner companies. This decision leaves Dapper Labs and other companies using Circle with one less on and off ramp solution for their customers, forcing their customers to use wire transfer or USDC to withdraw from the platform or credit cards, debit cards, and crypto to purchase items on the platform. ItE28099s unclear what might have caused Circle to take this action, but it comes amidst a time of intense scrutiny on stablecoins.

## Article 3
### [Grayscale Products Buoyed Following Oral Arguments in Case Against the SEC (2 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Grayscale Products Buoyed Following Oral Arguments in Case Against the SEC (2 minute read)</strong>

Oral arguments in Grayscale's appeal against the SEC concluded today and shares of GBTC and ETHE traded up around 5% and 6% respectively, despite trading in broader crypto markets being flat, indicating the markets saw the arguments as going in Grayscale's favor. Don Verrilli, Grayscale's lead counsel, laid out his arguments as expected and received questions from the judges. Emily Parise, SEC senior counsel, faced early roadblocks as Judge Rao questioned the regulator's argument. The SEC appeared "a bit rattled" as Judge Rao asked questions regarding the relationship between bitcoin futures and the spot price.

## Article 4
### [Pennsylvania is Now Home to a 100% Nuclear-Powered Bitcoin Mining Facility (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Pennsylvania is Now Home to a 100% Nuclear-Powered Bitcoin Mining Facility (2 minute read)

TeraWulf, an owner and operator of domestic Bitcoin mining facilities powered by 91% zero-carbon energy, has announced the energization of its Nautilus facility, a 100% nuclear-powered Bitcoin mining facility located in the US. Powered by the 2.5GW Susquehanna nuclear generation station, the facility has over 8,000 miners onboard and will run at the lowest cost of $0.02/kWh for a term of five years.

## Article 5
### [The Interoperability Thesis: Connecting the Archipelago of Blockchains (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The Interoperability Thesis: Connecting the Archipelago of Blockchains (7 minute read)

Throughout the last bull market, new L1s and L2s proliferated as developers and users sought an alternative to the increasingly high gas fees on Ethereum. We saw chains like Solana, Avalanche, BSC, and others gain share due in part to their speed and fee advantages. This led to a fragmentation of liquidity amongst chains and created a cumbersome user experience moving from chain to chain. This UX drove innovation in cross-chain messaging seeking better solutions for interoperability. This article dives into some of these cross-chain messaging techniques, their similarities and differences, and the overall thesis for interoperability and connecting chains and their liquidity.

## Article 6
### [Crypto Startups, Beware the 'Dry Powder Fallacy' (7 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto Startups, Beware the 'Dry Powder Fallacy' (7 minute read)

Crypto venture funds raised more than $99 billion last year, seemingly leading to an abundance of dry powder as top tier firms like Haun Ventures, a16z and BlockTower have deployed less than 50% of their multi-million or billion-dollar funds. However, veteran venture capitalists are warning founders not to fall for "the dry powder fallacy". Factors such as limited partner capital calls and changes in valuations of paper wealth investments could reduce the overall reserves. Ultimately, while dry powder is a directional indicator, it is essential to understand that dry powder is not a static or absolute measure, and it does not guarantee that funds must deploy this E2809CremainingE2809D capital.

## Article 7
### [Like a Blur: Tensor Plans Massive Airdrop for Solana NFT Traders (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Like a Blur: Tensor Plans Massive Airdrop for Solana NFT Traders (4 minute read)

