# Articles TLDR Crypto 22-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Get your products to market faster with Rather Labs E28094 Blockchain Technical Partners (Sponsor)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Get your products to market faster with Rather Labs E28094 Blockchain Technical Partners (Sponsor)

Too many awesome ideas get bogged down in the details of execution. A strong blockchain engineering partner can help you move faster and regain your focus.For 30+ founders and start-ups, that partner is Rather Labs. This team of elite blockchain engineers has built a broad array of stellar products: DeFi protocols, decentralized games, metaverses, NFT platforms, fintech applications, and web2 migrations.Rather Labs is rated 4.9 on Clutch and recommended by 100% of customers E28094 including top blockchain companies such as Nervos, Mantial, and Hatom.Browse the Rather Labs portfolio or get in touch with an expert today.

## Article 2
### [Polygon Labs Cuts 20% Workforce, Almost 100 Jobs (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Polygon Labs Cuts 20% Workforce, Almost 100 Jobs (2 minute read)

Polygon Labs has cut 20% of its workforce, mostly in the US, Canada, and India. Its treasury remains healthy with a balance of over $250 million and 1.9 billion MATIC. Polygon's native token MATIC was down 5% to $1.42 on the day of the announcement. The company has crystallized its strategy for the next several years to drive mass adoption of Web3.

## Article 3
### [Ankr partners with Microsoft to offer enterprise node services (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Ankr partners with Microsoft to offer enterprise node services (2 minute read)

Microsoft and Ankr have partnered to provide a node hosting service on the Microsoft Azure Marketplace. The integration will pair Ankr's blockchain infrastructure with Azure's cloud solutions to allow developers to focus on scaling their applications. It will allow organizations to access blockchain data in a reliable, scalable, and secure way. The partnership is a major milestone for Ankr and will result in an era of prolific building for blockchain-based applications.

## Article 4
### [Coder Brings Ordinals to Litecoin as Bitcoin Inscriptions Surpass 154K (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coder Brings Ordinals to Litecoin as Bitcoin Inscriptions Surpass 154K (3 minute read)

Ordinals have taken the Bitcoin blockchain by storm, with more than 154,000 inscriptions created to date. A developer has ported the Ordinals project to Litecoin following a bounty offer of 5 LTC to do so. The bounty has since grown to a total of 22 LTC, or around $2100. The Ordinals port was made possible by Litecoin's soft forks of the SegWit and Taproot protocols, which are essential for Ordinals to work.

## Article 5
### [EigenLayer whitepaper (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 EigenLayer whitepaper (3 minute read)

## Article 6
### [What Crypto Founders Can Learn from BlurE28099s Token Airdrop (12 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 What Crypto Founders Can Learn from BlurE28099s Token Airdrop (12 minute read)

Blur has become the top NFT marketplace and trading platform in the market just five months since launch. Blur used sophisticated incentives to bootstrap, grow adoption, and beat out its competitors. This analysis looks at Blur's token distribution design and offers recommendations to founders using tokens to grow networks. Blur's success shows that a token distribution strategy can be a powerful way to drive network growth.

## Article 7
### [hypersdk (GitHub Repo)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 hypersdk (GitHub Repo)

## Article 8
### [IE28099m American, but My Crypto Startup WonE28099t Be (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 IE28099m American, but My Crypto Startup WonE28099t Be (3 minute read)

The US is a poor choice for builders to launch crypto projects due to its lack of regulatory clarity. Instead of providing predictability and legality, the US has resorted to regulation through enforcement, using scare tactics and threats in the absence of well-defined regulation. This has caused many crypto businesses to look to other jurisdictions that have developed transparent regulations. If the US does not act soon, it risks losing out on the best and brightest to other hubs.

## Article 9
### [Nearly $370 Billion in Bitcoin Has Gone 'Dormant' (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Nearly $370 Billion in Bitcoin Has Gone 'Dormant' (2 minute read)

The number of Bitcoin that has not moved for six months has reached 14.99 million coins, worth around $370 billion. The all-time high of old supply coins is 15.029 million. Bitcoin investors are focusing on long-term gains, compared to other chains such as Ethereum where coins move more frequently in pursuit of profits. Dormant coins are increasingly unlikely to be spent after 155 days. The lack of activity could mean that the market may be oversold and poised for a rebound.

## Article 10
### [Aave and Maker Pull Back From Paxos Stablecoins (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aave and Maker Pull Back From Paxos Stablecoins (4 minute read)

Aave and MakerDAO are distancing themselves from Paxos-issued stablecoins due to the New York state's Department of Financial Services' order for Paxos to stop minting new BUSD tokens.

## Article 11
### [The buzz around China and Hong Kong related cryptos is gaining momentum on CT (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 The buzz around China and Hong Kong related cryptos is gaining momentum on CT (6 minute read)

This Twitter thread contains a list of projects with the potential to go parabolic if Hong Kong's new crypto regulations pass.

