# Articles TLDR Crypto 17-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Crypto giant Binance moved $400 million from U.S. partner to firm managed by CEO Zhao (16 minute read)</strong>](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto giant Binance moved $400 million from U.S. partner to firm managed by CEO Zhao (16 minute read)</strong>

Binance moved large sums of money over the first three months of 2021 from Binance.US to Merit Peak, a trading firm managed by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao. Over $400 million was transferred from the Binance.US account to Merit Peak. The reason for the transfer and whether any of the money belonged to Binance.US customers is unknown. A Binance spokesperson commented that the information was outdated.

## Article 2
### [From Math Camp to Handcuffs: FTXE28099s Downfall Was an Arc of Brotherhood and Betrayal (17 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 From Math Camp to Handcuffs: FTXE28099s Downfall Was an Arc of Brotherhood and Betrayal (17 minute read)

Sam Bankman-Fried and Gary Wang had been friends since their teens. They met during a five-week summer program for mathematically talented high school students in 2008. Bankman-Fried and Wang worked together for nearly all of their adult lives. This article looks at Gary Wang, his past, and his role with FTX. Wang was mostly in the background, creating the platforms and engines that the company used.

## Article 3
### [zkSync Counters Polygon With E28098MainnetE28099 Rollup (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 zkSync Counters Polygon With E28098MainnetE28099 Rollup (2 minute read)

zkSync has opened up registrations for developers to deploy applications to its blockchain-based platform. The announcement comes a day after Polygon set a date for the launch of its zero-knowledge-based scaling solution for Ethereum. Matter Labs has raised $200M to develop an ecosystem fund to foster the adoption of zkEVM. The recent announcements by Polygon and Matter Labs may increase pressure for other zk-rollup providers to launch their platforms.

## Article 4
### [VC wallet hunting F09F90B3 (5 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>VC wallet hunting F09F90B3 (5 minute read)

## Article 5
### [How Ordinals are evolving differently than Ethereum NFTs (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Ordinals are evolving differently than Ethereum NFTs (4 minute read)

The standard practice with Ordinals is to create a new address for every inscription received, resulting in more privacy for owners. Ordinals are on-chain by default, with the core asset immutably inscribed on Bitcoin. It is much easier to launch a one-off inscription than it is to deploy an NFT on Ethereum. File types other than images are common on Ordinals. This includes HTML pages, 3D models, audio files, and even a Doom clone and a Mintcraft clone.

## Article 6
### [Games Over Governance: Recentering DAOs on Coordination (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Games Over Governance: Recentering DAOs on Coordination (6 minute read)

The strength of DAOs lies in their ability to coordinate activities. This article explores the concept of DAOs as economic game engines that can create order from chaos if appropriately structured. The conversation around DAOs needs to be changed to create sustainable and equitable communities. New potentials can be unlocked by centering on coordination.

## Article 7
### [Centrifuge Wants To Back AaveE28099s GHO Stablecoin With Real-world Assets (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Centrifuge Wants To Back AaveE28099s GHO Stablecoin With Real-world Assets (3 minute read)

Centrifuge is looking to become the real-world asset facilitator for Aave's new stablecoin, GHO. The on-chain ecosystem is already an asset facilitator for MakerDAO's DAI stablecoin. A formal proposal is now being prepared for submission once GHO facilitators are ready for onboarding. Real-world assets are off-chain digital assets such as cash, gold, and real estate. They can be used as collateral in DeFi, providing access to larger debt markets and accelerating mainstream cryptocurrency adoption.

## Article 8
### [3 Brutal Facts why Blur will not overtake OpenSea (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 3 Brutal Facts why Blur will not overtake OpenSea (8 minute read)

Trying to unseat a market leader is a complex task, Blur's current trading volumes are boosted by airdrops, and other attempts at beating OpenSea have failed so far.

## Article 9
### [Prediction that in the future, consumer token airdrops will resemble web2 incentive programs (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Prediction that in the future, consumer token airdrops will resemble web2 incentive programs (3 minute read)

## Article 10
### [SEC charges Do Kwon, Terraform with fraud in connection with Terra collapse (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SEC charges Do Kwon, Terraform with fraud in connection with Terra collapse (3 minute read)

Kwon, who is a fugitive and possibly in Serbia, allegedly marketed assets as profit-bearing securities and repeatedly claimed that the tokens would increase in value.

