# Articles TLDR Crypto 08-02-2023

## Article 1
### [Is DCG Offloading Grayscale Shares a Sign of Impending Trouble? (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is DCG Offloading Grayscale Shares a Sign of Impending Trouble? (2 minute read)The Digital Currency Group is attempting to repay Genesis' creditors by selling some of its assets. This includes its stake in Grayscale and its Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum Classic Trusts. The Grayscale stocks are being sold at a discount. Grayscale manages the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC), which holds over $14.5 billion in assets. GBTC is trading at a discount compared to Bitcoin due to the crypto winter.

## Article 2
### [CryptoPunk, Bored Ape Sell for Over $1M Each as NFT Market Rebounds (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 CryptoPunk, Bored Ape Sell for Over $1M Each as NFT Market Rebounds (3 minute read)Two single Ethereum NFTs have each sold for more than $1 million worth of ETH. CryptoPunk #5066 was sold on Monday for 857 ETH by Kevin Rose and Bored Ape Yacht Club #7090 was sold for 800 ETH by Web3 creator and collector Jimmy McNelis. The buyers of both NFTs are unknown. NFT sales on Ethereum topped $209 million over the past seven days.

## Article 3
### [Introducing Lido V2 E28094 Next Step In Decentralization (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Introducing Lido V2 E28094 Next Step In Decentralization (10 minute read)This article presents the proposal for Lido V2. Lido V2 will be Lido's largest upgrade yet. Its two main focal points are a new Staking Router and withdrawals. The Staking Router will allow anyone to develop on-ramps for new Node Operators. stETH holders will be able to withdraw from Lido at a 1:1 ratio when withdrawals are implemented.

## Article 4
### [UK Plans C2A320,000 E28098BritcoinE28099 Limit for Individuals Holdings Digital Pounds (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 UK Plans C2A320,000 E28098BritcoinE28099 Limit for Individuals Holdings Digital Pounds (6 minute read)The UK will likely impose a holding limit between C2A310,000 to C2A320,000 for its new central bank digital currency (CBDC) when it is released. The limit is aimed at ensuring that people do not withdraw too much money from the traditional banking sector to purchase the CBDC. A consultation period for discussing the UK's adoption of the CBDC is open until June. A CBDC could prevent tech companies from creating their own coins, allow for cheaper and faster payments, and make money programmable so it can interact with smart contracts.

## Article 5
### [ZK Rollups (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 ZK Rollups (2 minute read)Bytecode-equivalent zkEVMs have EVM opcodes mapped to circuits, making development much easier for developers. Language-equivalent zkEVMs use an intermediate VM, resulting in more circuit-friendly programming, but they compile into different bytecode, which means that Solidity contract changes may be required. zkVMs use a custom circuit-friendly VM instead of the EVM, allowing for better performance, but they don't work with Solidity. zk-zk Rollups nest ZK inside of ZK to enable privacy.

## Article 6
### [E29AA1EFB88F A Philosophy of Subtraction (15 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 <span>E29AA1EFB88F A Philosophy of Subtraction (15 minute read)

