# Articles TLDR Crypto 20-01-2023

## Article 1
### [FTXE28099s new CEO says thereE28099s possibility for exchange to restart (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 FTXE28099s new CEO says thereE28099s possibility for exchange to restart (3 minute read)

John Ray III, FTX's current CEO, has shared that he is exploring the possibility of restarting the company. He is investigating whether restarting the exchange will help customers and creditors as the company attempts to return lost funds. FTX debtors have so far identified around $5.5 billion of liquid assets. The recovery effort has been difficult and information about the recovered funds is subject to change.

## Article 2
### [1inch launches multi-coin hardware wallet (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 1inch launches multi-coin hardware wallet (1 minute read)

1inch is launching a multi-coin hardware wallet later this year. It is being developed by an independent and dedicated team within the company. The device is fully airgapped. It processes transactions through QR codes and NFC. 450,000 bitcoins were moved to cold storage in 2022. A picture of 1inch's new wallet is available in the article.

## Article 3
### [An interview with Haseeb, a managing partner at Dragonfly (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 An interview with Haseeb, a managing partner at Dragonfly (9 minute read)

This Twitter thread has a list of 12 takeaways from an alpha-packed interview with Haseeb from Dragonfly. It links to short excerpts from the 73-minute-long interview. The interview discusses the future of layer 1s and layer 2s, the top three narratives for 2023, Bitcoin, and Ethereum.

## Article 4
### [Decentralized Physical Infrastructure networks (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Decentralized Physical Infrastructure networks (3 minute read)

Decentralized Physical Infrastructure networks (DePIN) use token rewards to coordinate and incentivize individuals to deploy and operate physical infrastructure and hardware networks. The market for DePINs is projected to reach $3.5 trillion by 2028. There are four categories of DePINs: Server Networks, Wireless Networks, Sensor Networks, and Energy Networks. This Twitter thread covers the different types of DePINs. A link to a full report on DePINs by Messari, which includes a look at key infrastructure events and an asset screener, is available.

## Article 5
### [Crypto publication CoinDesk hires Lazard to explore sale as crisis deepens at parent company DCG (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Crypto publication CoinDesk hires Lazard to explore sale as crisis deepens at parent company DCG (2 minute read)

CoinDesk has hired advisors at Lazard to explore options to remove it from Digital Currency Group. CoinDesk was the first to break the story about potential balance sheet issues at Alameda Research. The report sparked a downward spiral at FTX that led to the company's demise. FTX's collapse has affected Genesis, which is also owned by DCG. Genesis is considering bankruptcy. It is also currently the subject of an SEC charge.

## Article 6
### [Soaring growth of Ethereum layer-2 networks set to continue in 2023 (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Soaring growth of Ethereum layer-2 networks set to continue in 2023 (3 minute read)

The explosive growth that Ethereum layer 2 networks had over the past couple of months is set to continue in 2023. Leading layer 2 networks have seen an increase in daily active users, resulting in more income for each ecosystem. The total value locked in layer 2s is now $4.89 billion, with an increase of 10% over the past week. There is currently greater demand and momentum for layer 2 networks than DeFi.

## Article 7
### [LSDs Gather Mojo as Euler Lists Staked ETH as Collateral (3 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 LSDs Gather Mojo as Euler Lists Staked ETH as Collateral (3 minute read)

Euler Finance listed cbETH, a staking instrument offered by Coinbase, as a collateral asset on Wednesday.

## Article 8
### [Cross-Chain Messaging Can Blow Open Interoperability (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Cross-Chain Messaging Can Blow Open Interoperability (4 minute read)

Messaging protocols are more powerful than standalone bridges as tokens don't actually have to be moved and they also allow arbitrary data and payloads to move between different blockchains.

