# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-03-2023

## Article 1
### [Biden Budget Takes Aim at Crypto Wash Trading (1 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Biden Budget Takes Aim at Crypto Wash Trading (1 minute read)

President Biden's 2024 Fiscal Year Budget proposes tax changes on cryptocurrency transactions, such as eliminating wash trading to prevent tax-deductible losses on failed investments and applying the same tax rules as traditional securities. The bill estimates this could raise $24 billion for the Treasury and also plans to impose an increase in tax rate for the wealthiest 0.01% to a minimum of 25%. The changes would apply to sales for fiat currency, exchanges for goods and services, airdrops, minting, and staking activities. The Budget is expected to be released today but needs approval from Congress before it can be signed off by the President.

## Article 2
### [Launch of Dune SQL (6 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Launch of Dune SQL (6 minute read)

Dune has launched DuneSQL, an attempt to make the fastest, most powerful and convenient crypto data querying experience on the planet. It features many Dune-specific improvements such as using other queries as views and querying byte arrays directly. Postgres-based v1 platform is almost fully sunset and Spark SQL will be sunset in July 2023. Wizards can use an automated tool to help make query changes and get help from the team if they are having difficulties. There is also a tool that will help Wizards migrate their existing queries to DuneSQL.

## Article 3
### [Dust on Crust - A New Stablecoin Proposal by Arthur Hayes (25 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Dust on Crust - A New Stablecoin Proposal by Arthur Hayes (25 minute read)

In this article, Arthur Hayes discusses a new design for a stablecoin called Satoshi Nakamoto Dollar (NUSD). The goal of the NUSD is to create a token that is worth 1 USD but does not require the services of the fiat banking system. It works by depositing 1 BTC on a derivatives exchange and shorting one XBTUSD swap. The Bitcoin value of the swap increases exponentially as the USD price of Bitcoin falls, and approaches zero as the USD price of Bitcoin rises. In theory, each side of the pair should equally offset the other. There are some risks that come into play, and there are still aspects of centralization, but the article attempts to provide some solutions to those potential problems.

## Article 4
### [Community-as-a-Service - The Next Logical Step in the Nascent PvP World of Crypto (9 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Community-as-a-Service - The Next Logical Step in the Nascent PvP World of Crypto (9 minute read)

The concept of Community-as-a-Service (CaaS) focuses on providing access to a particular group of people that can be considered a marketable product. Examples of CaaS include Mobalytics for League of Legends, Aim Trainers for FPS games, and mods for modern video games. In DeFi, Convex was created to serve the community using Curve.fi, and Delegate.cash services NFT holders. CaaS differs from the current competition-driven crypto landscape, as its goal is to serve the community of an established project, like Tribally did for Axie Infinity by building a new website. The article posits that more value will be able to be created by catering to specific communities as crypto continues to mature rather than attempting to disrupt the status quo.

## Article 5
### [Is DeFi Safe? That's Up To You! (10 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Is DeFi Safe? That's Up To You! (10 minute read)

People often worry whether DeFi is safe or not, but many issues that people worry about could be avoided with proper education. This article lays out how to take measures to ensure funds are secure from hacks, smart contract vulnerabilities, and financial scams and how to manage private keys and seed phrases.

