# Articles TLDR Crypto 10-04-2023

## Article 1
### [SushiSwap Hacked, Head Chef Says 'Revoke All Chains' (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 SushiSwap Hacked, Head Chef Says 'Revoke All Chains' (2 minute read)

Over the weekend, SushiSwap suffered an exploit, resulting in a loss of over $3.3 million. The exploit was derived from a bug in the RouterProcessor2 contract. Users who approved the bad contract in the preceding 4-5 days inadvertently opened the door for any exploiter to steal these approved tokens. SushiSwap was working with security teams following the discovery of the exploit to mitigate the issue, and a tool was developed to help users check if their addresses were impacted.

## Article 2
### [Aevo Live on Mainnet (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Aevo Live on Mainnet (2 minute read)

## Article 3
### [Endgame Perils of Restaking (11 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Endgame Perils of Restaking (11 minute read)

This write-up walks through issues with restaking. Restaking protocols can offer financial benefits to validators but may also threaten Ethereum's ability to self-regulate staking participation and counter centralization. High staking rates are not considered an ideal outcome by the Ethereum research community. Restaking protocols, such as EigenLayer, can distort market incentives and undermine Ethereum's monetary policy controls. As restaking protocols gain traction, Ethereum may struggle to balance high staking participation and centralizing forces. The solution could be implementing a cap on the active validator set. Regardless of the solution, these restaking protocols may force the Ethereum community to focus on decentralization and minimizing the control of large actors.

## Article 4
### [How Banks are Eyeing Deposit Tokens for B2B Payments (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 How Banks are Eyeing Deposit Tokens for B2B Payments (4 minute read)

Banks, especially in Germany, are exploring bank deposit tokens for B2B payments to retain market share as digital currencies gain traction. The European Central Bank's digital euro focuses on consumer payments, leaving opportunities for commercial banks. B2B payments constitute the largest segment globally, estimated at $125 trillion. Germany's DZBank is trialing deposit tokens on private DLT networks with four corporate clients. German banks prefer interoperability through an interbank settlement network for deposit tokens, though successful implementation requires significant collaboration.

## Article 5
### ['We Made Close to $1 million': Inside the Murky World of Airdrop Farming (8 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 'We Made Close to $1 million': Inside the Murky World of Airdrop Farming (8 minute read)

Airdrop farming, the practice of speculating on potential crypto airdrops and trying to become eligible for as many tokens as possible, has gained popularity due to substantial financial rewards. Despite the associated risks and ethical concerns, individuals and communities have turned airdrop hunting into a lucrative business. With the resurgence of airdrops on L2 networks, airdrop farming communities have developed strategies to maximize gains, often using multiple wallets and targeting high-profile projects.

## Article 6
### [Coinbase Will Integrate Bitcoin Lightning Network, Says CEO Brian Armstrong (2 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Coinbase Will Integrate Bitcoin Lightning Network, Says CEO Brian Armstrong (2 minute read)

Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong nonchalantly revealed plans to integrate Bitcoin's Lightning Network into the platform at some point. This L2 solution offers faster transaction speeds and lower fees, addressing Bitcoin's scalability issues.

## Article 7
### [Magic Eden Bitcoin NFT Launchpad Debuts as Ordinals Total Nears 1 Million (4 minute read)](https://tldr.tech)
### Summary 
 Magic Eden Bitcoin NFT Launchpad Debuts as Ordinals Total Nears 1 Million (4 minute read)

Magic Eden, a multi-chain marketplace, is launching a Bitcoin launchpad to enable creators to sell digital assets called Ordinals, similar to Ethereum-based NFTs. The launchpad will offer primary sales for creators inscribing artwork or media to the Bitcoin blockchain and facilitate the inscription process if needed.

