# Articles TLDR Founders 28-07-2023

Sequoia Capital has cut the size of its cryptocurrency fund by more
than 65%¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4b6b0868-2d2a-11ee-8800-c77af959d58f&pt=campaign&t=1690545801&s=ee27f684fc830ae0ce1c1fef1c216b360f29855f631c8cca008429301e72cae6]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-07-28

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

EVERYTHING IS CYCLICAL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/everything-is-cyclical/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In the dog days of Summer, you can‚Äôt help but take stock of things
and look back. History has a way of repeating itself and everything is
cyclical. We‚Äôre in another rerun of a disruptive tech cycle. Now is
your chance to maximize. 

FED LIFTS RATES, POWELL LEAVES DOOR OPEN TO ANOTHER HIKE IN SEPTEMBER
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/markets/rates-bonds/fed-poised-hike-rates-markets-anticipate-inflation-endgame-2023-07-26/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôd be remiss if we didn‚Äôt bring your attention to the latest
rate hike, and more importantly, the specter of future increases. Some
say we‚Äôre bouncing off this recession, with markets still hot and
inflation not cooling. All of these factors affect your company‚Äôs
ability to scale and raise money. 

SEQUOIA‚ÄôS PULLING BACK ON CRYPTO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/07/27/sequoia-capital-slashes-crypto-fund-from-585m-to-200m-wsj/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Sequoia Capital has cut the size of its cryptocurrency fund by more
than 65%, from $585 million to $200 million. Talk about a pivot. We
assume this is all going into AI, right? 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

RAISING CAPITAL IN H2 2023: WHAT YOU REALLY NEED TO KNOW WITH CREANDUM
PARTNER PETER SPECHT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/raising-capital-in-2023-what-you-really-need-to-know-with-creandum-partner-peter-specht/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

It isn‚Äôt the heady days of 2021 (‚Äúshut up and take my money!‚Äù),
but there are glimmers of hope out there. This exhaustive review of
current data on each stage of investing is a must read if you‚Äôre
headed out to raise this Fall. 

MY FAVORITE INTERVIEW QUESTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/07/my-favorite-interview-question?utm_source=tldrfounders]

I like to ask my team if the person they are recommending to hire
would pass the ‚Äúairport test‚Äù - if you were stuck in an airport
for the next 8 hours, would you be psyched to chat with this person? I
like Matt Blumberg‚Äôs approach as well though. 

RAISING PRICES FOR YOUR PRODUCT: SHOULD YOU DO IT? IF SO, HOW? (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/raising-prices-for-your-product-should-do-it-if-so-how-d3a50a5545d1?source=rss----7adf33e44ae3---4&utm_source=tldrfounders]

With just about every major SaaS provider raising their prices, should
you take the plunge? Quick read on the things you‚Äôll want to think
through before doing so, as well as tips on how to test and roll it
out. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

FROM FIVE TO 50: HOW TO HIRE AT YOUR EARLY-STAGE STARTUP (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/hire-early-stage-startup?utm_source=tldrfounders]

It never hurts to study up on early-stage hiring especially in a
post-AI, post-pandemic world. This is a great read that breaks down
the 5-to-50 hiring tricks of the trade. 

PRICING PLANS OF 50 BOTTOM UP SAAS COMPANIES (AIRTABLE DATABASE)
[https://airtable.com/shrCT6ToQg0xnCvZA/tblkxppVHddRti4l4/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

If you‚Äôre thinking about how to price for your SaaS startup, looking
around at other examples in the market can be helpful. Here‚Äôs an
Airtable database categorizing 50 different SaaS pricing plans. 

BUILDING A SECOND BRAIN USING AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.exponentialview.co/p/promptpack-second-brain/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

I‚Äôm an active Notion user, largely for curating interesting reads,
infographics, and thoughts. In this article, Azeem Azhar unpacks how
you can use AI to level up your research skills and turn Notion into a
valuable database where you can store knowledge and more easily spot
thematic connections and patterns. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NEW RESEARCH ON EMBRACING AND INSPIRING THE GEN Z WORKFORCE (4 MIN
READ)
[https://blog.hubstaff.com/research-embracing-inspiring-gen-z-workforce/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Not all workers are created equal and your approach to Gen Z could be
benefited by reviewing the recap of this Deloitte research. 

DEAR SAASTR: WHAT HAPPENS TO EMPLOYEES WHEN A COMPANY GETS ACQUIRED?
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/what-happens-to-its-employees-when-a-company-gets-acquired/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

You never know, but the formula is pretty clear if/when you get
acquired. Jason from SaaStr walks us through what to expect. 

A16Z EXPLORES WHETHER AI WILL UNLOCK PERSONAL FINANCE MANAGEMENT (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/07/27/money-on-autopilot-ai-personal-finance/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôre increasingly seeing more people want to take control of their
finances. Fees charged by financial advisors, funds, and wealth
managers, and valuable leaps in money tech, are encouraging people to
go it alone when it comes to personal finance. Is there an opportunity
for AI to take the wheel on this trend? 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DON‚ÄôT DO IT FOR THE MONEY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://marcrandolph.com/dont-do-it-for-the-money/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Marc Randolph lays out why he thinks founders shouldn‚Äôt be focused
on ‚Äúgetting rich‚Äù but instead should be focused on solving hard
problems with amazing people. What do you want to spend your time on
really once your basic needs are met? 

16 LESSONS I LEARNED FROM STUDYING THE $700M BRAND LIQUID DEATH (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/16-lessons-i-learned-from-studying-the-700m-brand-liquid-death-f62f7c071286?source=rss----7adf33e44ae3---4&utm_source=tldrfounders]

Canned water? C‚Äômon. You wouldn‚Äôt think of canned water as a
massive business, but Mike Cessario leveraged some (what are now)
obvious tricks to bootstrap his now ubiquitous canned water brand. 

EUROPEAN BIOTECH FUND RAISES $400M (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.biopharmadive.com/news/medicxi-new-fund-biotech-startups-venture-capital/689194/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Within all the AI hype, it‚Äôs nice to see biotech getting a
spotlight. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4b6b0868-2d2a-11ee-8800-c77af959d58f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1690545622&t=1690545801&s=b1011042752518f95a1108aa063590593c20a872f69f14eb32063310312f63f9].


¬†¬†