# Articles TLDR Founders 25-09-2023

While a tad bit controversial, being a dual-threat CEO can be really
handy.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=2d8093ac-5b94-11ee-8466-0b6b566e0285&pt=campaign&t=1695643418&s=c060d80100e7b502a8098eba09c959ec99fe8ab776a6b14635a339767d24f08e]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-25

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

HSBC MAKES $1BN AVAILABLE FOR CLIMATE TECH COMPANIES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://fintech.global/2023/09/21/hsbc-makes-1bn-available-for-climate-tech-companies/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Last week we flagged that Santandar was committing ¬£100m to Spanish
startups, now HSBC is weighing in on climate. It's looking to support
climate companies that are focusing on EV charging, battery storage,
sustainable food and agriculture, and carbon removal technologies. 

THE RISE OF OFFLINE APPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://maried.substack.com/p/the-rise-of-offline-apps/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Sales of ‚Äúdumb phones‚Äù are on the rise, the count of apps in
Apple‚Äôs App Store and Google‚Äôs Play Store are down 25%. As the
appetite for tangible experiences grows, companies are popping up that
help facilitate IRL interactions in order to get people away from
their phones. 

DUAL THREAT CEOS THAT BUILD AND INVEST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/09/23/dual-threat-ceos-that-build-and-invest/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

While a tad bit controversial, being a dual-threat CEO can be really
handy. Understanding deals, talking with entrepreneurs, and seeing
what is happening through deal flow is actually really beneficial for
a CEO who is usually too in the mix of their own company. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

COMMUNICATING UPWARDS IN YOUR ORGANIZATION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://staysaasy.com/leadership/2023/09/24/dont-bring-me-problems-bring-me-solutions.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

‚ÄúDon‚Äôt bring me problems, bring me solutions‚Äù. We all know it,
but rarely do you hear it being said in an organization. Effective
communication with your leadership is about acknowledging they have
limited cognitive bandwidth and acting accordingly. If you‚Äôre at the
top, this is a nice reminder to have empathy over what‚Äôs happening
below. 

THINGS TO KEEP IN MIND WHEN PREPARING A PRODUCT LAUNCH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://studentofproducts.substack.com/p/things-to-keep-in-mind-when-preparing/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Time spent on UX tinkering should be proportional to the level of
conviction you have on your hypothesis. Have a launch checklist and
allocate an overall owner for each one. Be patient - launches often
take longer than forecast. 

THE WORST OUTCOME IS A MEDIOCRE SUCCESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://pivotal.substack.com/p/the-worst-outcome-is-a-mediocre-success/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

If you test a hypothesis and it fails, good, you can now try something
new. If it only kinda works, you‚Äôre in this limbo state of deciding
whether to double down and re-test or pull the plug. This is where
time and resources go to die. Defining success and failure
specifically and leaving little room for the inbetween is vital. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

DOCERA (PRODUCT) [https://www.docera.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An AI-powered tool that simplifies document creation for personal and
professional use. 

BULKCORRECTOR (PRODUCT)
[https://bulkcorrector.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Never deal with ChatGPT‚Äôs character limit again - BulkCorrector
segments your text into manageable pieces for bulk corrections. 

JOURNALIST HUNT (PRODUCT)
[https://journalisthunt.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A database of more than 340,000 journalists to feature your business. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO DRIVE WORD OF MOUTH (1+ HOUR PODCAST)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/how-to-drive-word-of-mouth-nilan/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Goodwill, NPS, mindshare - we often used these words to explain the
ambient value created in the ecosystem when people simply love our
product. But can you really architect and measure the value of word of
mouth? The CPO of Wise thinks so. 

WHEN IT‚ÄôS OVER: THOUGHTS ON SELLING YOUR COMPANY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://jaredhecht.com/2023/09/17/when-its-over/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Going through an exit, whether positive or negative, is an emotional
experience. You‚Äôre selling something you‚Äôve likely poured years
into, and it‚Äôll never be the same again. Deciding when, and for how
much, often comes down to trusting your gut. 

VERTICAL OPERATING SYSTEMS AND EMBEDDED FINTECH (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://upper90capital.substack.com/p/vertical-operating-systems-and-embedded/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôre witnessing the convergence of SaaS and embedded finance. SaaS
platforms are introducing financial services into their existing
offerings, increasing their user LTV through stickiness, and unlocking
new revenue streams. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FINTECH FUNDING IN LONDON DOWN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.finextra.com/the-long-read/797/uk-fintech-stays-a-safe-bet-for-tech-workers/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

According to data compiled by KPMG, investment dropped to ¬£4.6
billion in the first half of 2023 compared to the ¬£10.8 billion
witnessed in 2022. 

IS IT BETTER TO TARGET A SMALL MARKET OR A LARGE ONE? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mikemcg0/status/1695792680431694175/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Peter Thiel (billionaire venture capitalist and co-founder of PayPal
and Palantir) describes his framework for evaluating markets. Start
small and expand. 

IS GENERATIVE AI AN ENTERPRISE THING? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/is-generative-ai-an-enterprise-thing?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The dust is settling around the excitement around generative AI, which
means people are settling in to figure out how it can be useful in
enterprise. Short story: it‚Äôs hugely beneficial. Long story: it‚Äôs
going to take time. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=2d8093ac-5b94-11ee-8466-0b6b566e0285&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695643219&t=1695643418&s=eb2ed4722f20e18a886d67989c34c29481d340172df5c2d7c6915dc51816e135].