# Articles TLDR Founders 01-09-2023

Collaboration technology overload can drown employees in choices,
leaving them feeling helpless¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=050922d6-48b1-11ee-9789-9d35dec6e1e9&pt=campaign&t=1693569781&s=ce8754bd9b20e96d6d08ec3ae8b14a06295a641aa078b6f5924866edd88e064c]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-01

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

ARE COLLABORATION TOOLS OVERWHELMING YOUR TEAM? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/08/are-collaboration-tools-overwhelming-your-team/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Collaboration technology overload can drown employees in choices,
leaving them feeling helpless. The irony is that by constraining those
choices, adding frustrating obstacles to adopting yet another
collaboration technology, and taking control away from individuals,
employees can feel more in control of their work. 

VISA AND MASTERCARD AND REPORTEDLY INCREASING CARD FEES (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pymnts.com/credit-cards/2023/visa-and-mastercard-plan-credit-card-merchant-fee-increases/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

These changes would increase the interchange fees merchants need to
pay when a consumer or business uses a card to make a purchase. For
low margin businesses, this is a big deal. 

SAAS IPO WINDOW INFLECTION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://nextbigteng.substack.com/p/saas-ipo-window-inflection-reopening?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In honor of Klaviyo‚Äôs recent IPO filing, the first SaaS IPO in
almost two years, here‚Äôs an interesting breakdown on the shared
characteristics of companies that previously opened dormant SaaS IPO
windows. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

MEASURING DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY? A RESPONSE TO MCKINSEY (18 MINUTE
READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This is the first of a two part series from Gergely that explores a
response to McKinsey‚Äôs recent ‚Äúsolution‚Äù to measuring developer
productivity at your organization. We‚Äôll link part two in our next
addition. 

THE THREE PHASES OF THE CEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://markmacleod.me/the-three-phases-of-the-ceo-role/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As a CEO, you quickly evolve from building a product and managing a
company to managing people. This shift from building a product to
focusing on sales and then hiring and scaling your team requires you
to evolve how you govern your time and inputs. 

REMINDER, YOU DON‚ÄôT WORK FOR YOUR CALENDAR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/you-dont-work-for-your-calendar/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Your calendar shouldn‚Äôt be a diary of someone else‚Äôs agenda. Audit
your calendar on a regular basis and map out what gives you energy and
what takes it away. Constantly prune meetings that do the latter. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

TEAM GPT (PRODUCT) [https://team-gpt.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Add AI to your team and collaborate in ChatGPT. 

KULA (PRODUCT) [https://www.kula.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Your AI assistant to hire top talent. 

CANNOLI (PRODUCT) [https://cannoli.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Transform your Figma designs into HTML. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NAVIGATING MARKET DOWNTURNS AND OTHER STARTUP ADVICE WITH MELANIE
NARANJO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/08/31/and-lets-be-clear-the-term-culture-and-employee-engagement-doesnt-mean-happy-hours-and-pizza-parties-navigating-market-downtur/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This discussion dives into the importance of working at a company
where everyone is equally passionate about doing great work and where
the value of the People function is recognized. Culture is less about
pizza parties and more about being bought into collective success. 

THE INTERNET DEMANDS GREATNESS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/napkin-math/the-internet-forces-greatness/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The internet is loud and chaotic. An individual‚Äôs attention is being
pulled in more directions than any generation before us. To stand out
and win that attention, you increasingly need to be exceptional. 

MCKINSEY DIGITAL‚ÄôS GUIDE TO DIGITAL EXCELLENCE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mckinsey.com/capabilities/mckinsey-digital/our-insights/stairway-to-digital-excellence/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

What separates top-performing teams from those that are just starting
out? Well, McKinsey breaks it down into a four-step process that sees
a would-be rockstar set the foundations of their culture, organize
teams around user needs, invest in appropriate technology to support
their operations, and empower teams to be autonomous. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

LIFE IS SHORT: HOW TO ADD A SENSE OF URGENCY (1 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-DFYXusiSs/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Life is short, go and do things. 

BELIEF EXISTS IN THE ABSENCE OF PROOF (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/08/the-absence-of-proof/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As founders, belief is an internal compass we use to guide us to new
realities that don‚Äôt yet exist. 

WE ANALYZED MILLIONS OF CHATGPT USER SESSIONS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://sparktoro.com/blog/we-analyzed-millions-of-chatgpt-user-sessions-visits-are-down-29-since-may-programming-assistance-is-30-of-use/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article discusses data around OpenAI and ChatGPT traffic. OpenAI
traffic has declined around 29% since May. Around 29% of ChatGPT
prompts are related to programming, while education accounted for
around 10% of all use cases. Other use cases include writing
assistance, content creation, and creative ideation. Charts showing
data on how people use ChatGPT are available. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=050922d6-48b1-11ee-9789-9d35dec6e1e9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693569618&t=1693569781&s=92631ad7475a360fff1e15ef2d7d2f9088a0dbfb93697d8c1e4d4147f68563a4].