# Articles TLDR Founders 21-06-2023

Why Duolingo Has Replaced TV Ads With TikToks¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=2304b9a8-1017-11ee-a52d-bfd15fbce4bf&pt=campaign&t=1687349272&s=fa50cbe8ae44264381254bec69014d22a0c66cffa167c62c89a38bceee44cd5a]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-21

ARE YOU SLEEPING ON COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

When you‚Äôre fighting against all odds to get your product to market,
compliance might not seem like the most important issue. But you
can‚Äôt afford to ignore it, either.
There‚Äôs a way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO 27001, or HIPAA
compliance
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
without sacrificing your product velocity. It‚Äôs called Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text],
and it‚Äôs the automated compliance platform that does it all for you
‚Äî from collecting evidence to real-time reports. Start now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
and never worry about compliance again
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text].

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

EMERGING ARCHITECTURES FOR LLM APPLICATIONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/06/20/emerging-architectures-for-llm-applications/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The folks at a16z are always coming up with great content and this one
is a great read on what we‚Äôre seeing as the trends around
architectures for LLM applications. It‚Äôs posts like this that show
the potential business opportunities around AI and how we are only
just scratching the surface of what‚Äôs to come. 

WHY DUOLINGO HAS REPLACED TV ADS WITH TIKTOKS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/h5D7Q?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An exploration into Duolingo‚Äôs new marketing strategy of making
‚Äúunhinged‚Äù videos on TikTok, which has led to 6.7M followers on
TikTok and 20.3M DAU. 

PROMISE NOT TO PROMISE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/promise-not-to-promise-18eca88a?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jason Fried of 37signals talks about what it means to not have a
roadmap and why promising things you end up not delivering can be
really bad for the company, team, and customers. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHAT I WISH I KNEW AS A FIRST YEAR CFO (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/what-i-wish-i-knew-as-a-first-year?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Hiring and managing a CFO can be tricky and getting it wrong is way
more costly than a bad marketing, sales, or engineering hire. Some
solid nuggets in here around being an early stage CFO. 

CUSTOMER SUCCESS HAS GONE FROM THE CUSTOMER‚ÄôS ALLY TO IT‚ÄôS NEMESIS
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/customer-success-has-gone-from-the-customers-ally-to-its-nemesis/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Ever insightful, Jason drops some science around worrying trends in
customer success. I too miss the days of when customer success was
about ‚Ä¶ a customer‚Äôs success. 

THREE STARTUPS ON HOW TO STAND OUT IN A COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/startups-competitive-landscape-brnd?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A few handy tips on how to stay competitive during tough times that
may seem obvious but nevertheless are handy to revisit. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

TYPEFULLY 2.0 (PRODUCT)
[https://typefully.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Write better tweets & grow your audience. Now with AI and LinkedIn
cross-posting. 

BEFORESUNSET (PRODUCT)
[https://www.beforesunset.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

BeforeSunset turns your to-dos into a beautiful schedule. 

QR CODE AI ART GENERATOR (PRODUCT)
[https://huggingface.co/spaces/huggingface-projects/QR-code-AI-art-generator?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Hugging Face‚Äôs QR code generator transforms boring QR codes into
eye-catching works of art. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PLAYING WITH STREAMLIT AND LLMS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/streamlit-llms/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

If you‚Äôre doing anything with generative AI and playing internally
with your own LLMs, you should check out this post about Streamlit. 

ABOUT 10% OF STARTUPS ALLOW LONGER OPTION EXERCISE WINDOWS. BUT
RECENTLY, THAT‚ÄôS DOUBLED. (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/about-10-of-startups-allow-longer-option-exercise-windows-but-recently-thats-doubled/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

When markets are struggling, increasing the option exercise window can
be helpful for employees that move on. However, there can be tax risks
involved so tread carefully here. 

BUILDING HIGH-PERFORMING TEAMS | MELISSA TAN (WEBFLOW, DROPBOX, CANVA)
- (1 HOUR LISTEN)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/building-high-performing-teams-melissa?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Melissa is a top-performer and has a ton of experience having worked
at several high-profile and successful companies. Worth the listen. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GPT-4 GENERATED PITCHES ARE 3X MORE LIKELY TO SECURE FUNDING (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/gpt-4-generated-pitches-are-3x-more-likely-to-secure-funding-than-human-ones/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Investor pitches generated by GPT-4 were 3x more likely to secure
funding compared to human-written pitches. 

THE ROOT CAUSE OF MEDIOCRE DECISIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/the-root-cause-of-mediocre-decisions?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The quality of decisions, such as hiring, investing, or strategizing,
largely depends on the quality of the options you have to choose from,
rather than the choice itself. 

USING BLOCKCHAINS AND AI TO BUILD A BETTER INTERNET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://satchel.works/@wclittle/should-you-switch-from-crypto-to-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The age old question of if you should switch to AI from crypto. The
real magic will be regulatory clarity for blockchain + AI - that will
be the big winner. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=2304b9a8-1017-11ee-a52d-bfd15fbce4bf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687348820&t=1687349272&s=c550f0184a7823558e550e92783f625bc304a1b338763a22c4ef3b4cd7700f5e].