# Articles TLDR Founders 04-10-2023

AI is a technological revolution more akin to the invention of the
internet than the proliferation of smartphones¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=7d22c9aa-629e-11ee-93f8-a13fbf540a84&pt=campaign&t=1696421055&s=f8c8d9a53f3ea4b9863e957564cc280dca4b46334406f931fbc22e7a326cde96]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-04

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

EMERGING TRENDS AND SHIFTS IN THE INDIAN FINTECH LANDSCAPE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.connectingthedotsinfin.tech/emerging-trends-and-shifts-in-the-indian-fintech-landscape/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We flagged the Indian software scene in the last edition, here‚Äôs a
quick dive into the Indian fintech space, which saw $442m in funding
in Q2 2023. 

THE MOBILE REVOLUTION VS. THE AI REVOLUTION (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/the-mobile-revolution-vs-the-ai-revolution?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI is a technological revolution more akin to the invention of the
internet than the proliferation of smartphones, as computers will no
longer act like calculators but as something like the human brain. 

SMALL APPLICATIONS, GROWING PROTOCOLS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/small-applications-growing-protocols?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This essay describes the big potential of small apps. It goes over the
challenges they face in building defensible, long-term businesses as
well as a possible solution by building on top of growing protocols. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

TALKING EXPANSION WITH PUBLIC.COM GM INTERNATIONAL, DANN BIBAS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/talking-expansion-with-publiccom/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Internationalizing, whether launching totally into new markets or
bringing additional products to it, is really one big continuous
experiment in customer discovery. 

A DEEP DIVE ON THE MONTHLY TO ANNUAL PLAN PRICING TRICK (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/the-monthly-to-annual-plan-pricing-trick-a-deep-dive-9430a796a2e9/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A simple trick: if your average user stays around for four months,
price your annual plan at five months. This allows you to increase
your LTV by 25%, and it‚Äôs a really simple change to make. 

HOW TO HANDLE ADVISORY SHARES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/dunkhippo33/status/1707866971516375155?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An X thread exploring who should get advisory shares, how much they
should get, why you might give advisory shares, and potential
pitfalls. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

INTENTLY (PRODUCT)
[https://www.getintently.ai/producthunt?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Turn LinkedIn actions into sales opportunities by validating your
ideal customer profile, finding look-alike leads for your pipeline,
and tracking key accounts with behavioral data. 

EXPERT REMOTE (PRODUCT)
[https://expertremote.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Hire top-quality developers vetted for technical and communication
skills. 

BUSKA (PRODUCT) [https://www.buska.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Find out who‚Äôs talking about your company on the internet and social
networks. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LESSONS FROM BOOTSTRAPPED COMPANIES FOUNDED BY SOFTWARE ENGINEERS (26
MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/lessons-from-bootstrapped-companies/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Five things that worked consistently for five bootstrapped founders:
do things better than anyone else, create a ‚Äúwow‚Äù experience, keep
it simple, focus, and ship. 

YOUR PRODUCT IS BORING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/your-product-is-boring/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

‚ÄúVisual differentiation‚Äù - you‚Äôve achieved it when a customer
sees your product in the first 30 seconds, it‚Äôs crystal clear to
them what makes you different from everything else they have ever
seen. 

STRONG OPINIONS WEAKLY HELD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://pivotal.substack.com/p/strong-opinions-weakly-held/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

‚ÄúStrong opinions, weakly held‚Äù is a mantra used by Marc Andreesen.
It‚Äôs a technique for decision-making under imperfect information.
It‚Äôs about committing to a decision, moving fast and learning
quickly, and then being comfortable pivoting when new information
surfaces. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT IT'S LIKE TO START A JOB AS CEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ejorgenson.com/blog/what-its-like-ceo/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Joining as the CEO of a company you didn‚Äôt start can present many
challenges, from avoiding organizational rejection to making big
decisions right away. Here‚Äôs a breakdown of some recent
observations. 

HOW SALES PEOPLE WIN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/what-does-a-salesperson-need-to-do-to-earn-your-business/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Have a product that solves a genuine user problem and simply
articulate that to the customer. 

RETURN TO OFFICE IS BULLSHIT AND EVERYONE KNOWS IT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://soatok.blog/2023/10/02/return-to-office-is-bullshit-and-everyone-knows-it/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Companies forcing ultimatums on employees will lose talent and
struggle to hire as employees start countering companies' ultimatums
with their own. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=7d22c9aa-629e-11ee-93f8-a13fbf540a84&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696420821&t=1696421055&s=2c862f6e3f1781486705d0f847807d49c5a644a5fa46634789b491bfe737965c].