# Articles TLDR Founders 09-10-2023

The realm of 3D computing is emerging, with advancements in capturing,
rendering, and displaying 3D content on various devices.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d1423e04-668a-11ee-bcb3-4b6b347d351d&pt=campaign&t=1696853216&s=23be576308ab8d967b9ed2b2e1afa4a7d8189d0bd63cff204eee616efa54e9d4]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-09

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

PETER THIEL‚ÄôS COMMENTS ON EUROPE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/yoramdw/status/1710195397870661991?s=20/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Of the seventeen $100bn corporations founded since 1990, eleven were
in the U.S. and six in China. Is Europe priming itself for future
success? It has the highest density of AI talent, the highest share of
cited research publications, and a large student demographic studying
computer science and engineering. 

HOW TO LOSE AT GENERATIVE AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://platforms.substack.com/p/how-to-lose-at-generative-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Great read on the tricky parts of creating value around generative AI
for startups. While the incumbents are favored, finding your path and
creating real value early is where startups can have a fighting
chance. 

3D AS THE NEW MODALITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/3d-as-the-new-modality?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The realm of 3D computing is emerging, with advancements in capturing,
rendering, and displaying 3D content on various devices. While
companies like Apple and Meta are pioneering this shift, the
transition from 2D to 3D presents both opportunities for new immersive
experiences and challenges in ensuring consumer adoption. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

8 WAYS SAAS COMPANIES CAN USE AI TO GET AHEAD (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://canny.io/blog/how-saas-can-use-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

From task automation to writing code, AI is adding leverage to how we
analyze customer data and build products. The key takeaway here is
that AI is enabling people to do a lot more, and if you‚Äôre not using
it, you‚Äôre likely going to get outpaced by the competition. 

MY APP STACK: FRANK DALE, SVP OF PRODUCT AT SALESLOFT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/my-app-stack-frank-dale-svp-of-product-at-salesloft/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Frank Dale leads the Product Management team at SalesLoft. In this
article, Dale breaks down the apps he can‚Äôt live without, including
ProductBoard, Figma, Jira, Mixpanel, Pendo, and Looker. 

YC‚ÄôS GROUP PARTNERS SHARE ADVICE ON ACTUALLY GETTING THINGS DONE (16
MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/blog/office-hours-yc-productivity-tips/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Chasing productivity can sometimes lead us down the wrong path. We end
up doing work and optimizing things for the sake of it, rather than
focusing on those few impactful things that really matter. Having the
mindfulness to be able to identify the real work is the main battle. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

STOCK BASED COMP, FOR DUMMIES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/stock-based-comp-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We all think we know how stock based comp (SBC) works, but it never
hurts to get a refresher on its impact on the bottom line. A quick
read about the impact of SBC using Expensify as an example. 

CHATCARE (PRODUCT) [https://chatcare.co/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Reduce your customer support efforts by 60%. 

HELL‚ÄôS PITCHING (PRODUCT)
[https://hellspitching.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Pitch your startup idea and get roasted. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AN ALTERNATIVE WAY TO THINK ABOUT GROWTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/10/07/think-about-the-growth-curve-from-right-to-left/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Up and to the right, right? Hear me out, down and to the left is the
way. Say you want to grow 10x in three years, instead of thinking
about the present day and how you‚Äôll get to that goal, start with
the goal and work backwards. This acts as a forcing function to shift
your mindset away from the incremental and to the expansive. 

THE VALUE OF CUSTOMER SUCCESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://sixteenventures.com/value-of-customer-success/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Startups seem to be introducing Customer Success teams earlier in
their journey. What used to be a post-Series A thing is now being
introduced alongside your early paying customers. There‚Äôs often
confusion across the organization as to what they really do. Are they
a cost or profit center? Here‚Äôs how you can help ensure every
department knows the value of Customer Success. 

NICE TEAMS FINISH LAST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://staysaasy.com/leadership/2023/10/06/ambiguity.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The bigger the mistake, the more clear you need to be with someone
that they made it. Trying to be nice often involves sugar coating
failure and this means you‚Äôre being unclear on the cause of the
problem. Failure to tell people about their mistakes means you‚Äôre
robbing them of learning. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI ISN‚ÄôT A DRILL, AND YOUR USERS DON‚ÄôT WANT HOLES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2023/10/ai-isnt-a-drill-and-your-users-dont-want-holes/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI is often misunderstood as a one-size-fits-all solution, but
businesses need to recognize that it's merely a tool, and not every
business requires it. Identifying genuine problems and needs should
precede technology adoption, rather than trying to retrofit AI
solutions where they may not be needed or beneficial. 

ON GOOD MICROMANAGEMENT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/10/06/on-good-micromanagement/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôre repeatedly taught that micromanagement is the root of all
evil, but sometimes having a hand on the wheel isn‚Äôt all that bad if
you know the problem space really well. It‚Äôs about knowing when
you‚Äôre starting to annoy your reports. 

INSIDE LINEAR: BUILDING WITH TASTE, CRAFT, AND FOCUS (99 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/inside-linear-building-with-taste-craft-and-focus-karri-saarinen-co-founder-designer-ceo/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interview with Karri Saarinen, co-founder and CEO of Linear, on how
he designed and built the fast-growing startup. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d1423e04-668a-11ee-bcb3-4b6b347d351d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696852929&t=1696853216&s=73cc0b6ac6b0c4bdaa4b4deb8532d9c5f32fe75d8aeaff3552e8512906d1b34a].