# Articles TLDR Founders 16-06-2023

Rex Woodbury argues that due to AI, VR, and AR, we are entering a new
era in technology¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c50a19d4-0c1e-11ee-8e15-7f8a1ea0b374&pt=campaign&t=1686917344&s=d2262337031b04379184ac44c3c9b710032531879ba8e2442c8da7f46cda6faa]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-16

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SYNTHESIA RAISES $90M SERIES C (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.synthesia.io/post/series-c?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Synthesia announced a $90M Series C funding round led by Accel. The
funds will boost their mission to make video creation easy for
everyone, driving their AI research, and enhancing their collaborative
video editing platform with better avatar technology, real-time
collaboration, and enhanced sharing functionality. 

A NEW ERA IN TECHNOLOGY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/a-new-era-in-technology-applications?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Rex Woodbury argues that due to AI, VR, and AR, we are entering a new
era in technology applications where applications will be more
personalized, intelligent, and integrated. 

DOES AN AI PREMIUM EXIST IN THE FUNDRAISING MARKET? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/the-ai-premium/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Tomasz Tunguz finds that, despite what you may think, AI companies
raise very similar amounts to regular software companies. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

AN INTERVIEW WITH THE CHIEF GROWTH OFFICER AT SHOPIFY (80 MINUTE
LISTEN)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/leveraging-growth-advisors-hiring-well-mastering-seo-and-honing-your-craft-luc-levesque-shopify-meta-tripadvisor/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interview with Luc Levesque on leveraging growth advisers, hiring
well, mastering SEO, and honing your craft. 

EVERYONE IS DOING 1ON1S WRONG. I THINK. (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://klinger.io/posts/1on1s?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Andreas Klinger takes a look into the common problem of overpopulation
of 1-on-1 meetings in startups and an alternative approach to managing
them more effectively. 

HOW TO SET EMPLOYEE EXPECTATIONS FOR REMOTE WORK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hubstaff.com/how-to-set-employee-expectations-remote-work/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Effective expectation setting is essential, especially when managing
distributed or virtual teams. This article describes the components of
setting expectations, such as providing clear goals, resources, and
accountability, as well as the importance of incorporating
motivational and hygiene factors. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

ROWS AI ANALYST (PRODUCT)
[https://rows.com/blog/post/introducing-the-ai-analyst?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Rows‚Äô AI Analyst summarizes and analyzes any dataset in plain
language. 

SCALENUT (PRODUCT) [https://www.scalenut.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Scalenut is an AI Co-Pilot that powers your entire SEO content
lifecycle. 

RECEIPTOR (PRODUCT) [https://receiptor.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Receiptor uses AI to extract receipts and invoices from emails. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

11 YEARS OF HOSTING A SAAS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://ghiculescu.substack.com/p/11-years-of-hosting-a-saas?utm_source=tldrfounders]

After 11 years of hosting a SaaS, the author found that a simple
hosting solution was just as effective and cheaper than an
enterprise-grade hosting provider. He advises other SaaS developers to
start with a simple hosting solution and only upgrade if they
absolutely need to. 

THE ART OF KNOWING NOTHING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/kKJEs?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We know what we know, though staying in the comfort zone might lead to
unease. To prevent this, youth should use their highest learning
ability. We know what we don't know, humbly accepting there is still
much to learn. 

STARTED FROM THE BOTTOM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://dune.com/blog/started-from-the-bottom?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The story of how crypto data analysis company Dune went from the
bottom to Unicorn in less than 3 years. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GET IT DONE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://boz.com/articles/get-it-done?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Leveraging leaders is the best way to accomplish goals, even if it
means asking for help. Leaders should not be seen as a bother but an
asset in hard situations, as they can unblock log jams with their
words and help to set expectations. 

YOU WILL DESTROY YOUR CREATOR CAREER IF YOU TAKE SHORTCUTS (4 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/PJQUU?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The article delves into 6 habits to improve upon writing for
wellbeing. These include: establishing a rhythm by heavily editing
work, falling in love with research, taking time to make coffee,
planning periods, paying attention to your words, and getting
specific. 

ANDREESSEN HOROWITZ EXECUTIVE HIRING GUIDE (GUIDE)
[https://a16z.com/growth/executive-hiring/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An executive hiring guide created by Andreessen Horowitz that lays
down the foundations for effective hiring. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c50a19d4-0c1e-11ee-8e15-7f8a1ea0b374&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686916849&t=1686917344&s=d234e83a790440e86beaac3843127eaef3904f1bc2d0cfb797fd168800308568].