# Articles TLDR Founders 15-05-2023

OpenAI is rolling out ChatGPT 70+ plugins to premium subscribers this
week¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=29508280-f2e7-11ed-aee8-f3454db5b55a&pt=campaign&t=1684152403&s=d2836120c602c9cee06bf01443b13e33e0c23d2ab97af1b33acc8ef7484aa0f7]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-15

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

COLD ACQUIHIRE MARKET FOR STARTUPS; CONSIDER ANNOUNCING SALE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/05/13/the-acquihire-market-for-early-stage-startups-is-ice-cold-one-better-strategy-announce-youre-for-sale/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Acquihires have become rare in 2023, as most acquirers lack headcount
budget and prefer hiring from the open market. Founders should
prioritize their happiness and opportunity cost, and consider publicly
announcing their search for a home to attract potential acquirers. 

WHAT‚ÄôS HAPPENING WITH SEED AND SERIES A (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/seed-series-a-funding-charts-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


4 charts that show the latest trends in seed and Series A funding. 

OPENAI ROLLING OUT CHATGPT PLUGINS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/open-ai-rollout-chatgpt-plugins?utm_source=tldrfounders]


OpenAI is rolling out ChatGPT 70+ plugins to premium subscribers this
week, allowing users to access the internet. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ACROSS 1,500 SAAS STARTUPS, YEARLY CONTRACTS DON‚ÄôT ACTUALLY INCREASE
NRR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/saas-capital-yearly-contracts-dont-actually-increase-nrr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin reviews key findings from the SaaS Retention survey
report of 1,500 companies, highlighting that annual contracts do not
effectively address churn, emphasizing the importance of allowing
customers to choose their preferred purchasing method. If you're a
SaaS professional be sure to review the full report. 

YOU NEED TO AUTOMATE YOUR BUSYWORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/swlh/save-your-brain-for-the-big-stuff-why-you-need-to-automate-your-busywork-starting-today-26d3f4ab1d4d?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The author discusses the drawbacks of busywork and the benefits of
automation in maximizing productivity. They offer three strategies to
get started: minimizing cognitive fatigue, embracing meaningful work,
and launching a positive feedback loop through automation. 

WHY TIME-BLOCKING MIGHT NOT WORK FOR YOU AND WHAT TO DO INSTEAD (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/IiSy2?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Irfan Bhanji mentions that the ideal work structure depends on your
scheduling mindset, and time-blocking may not work for everyone. Focus
on productivity and concentration rather than excessive structure or
planning. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

INSTASCRIBE [https://instascribe.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

InstaScribe is an AI tool to take your Instagram copy to the next
level. 

PICAVATAR [https://picavatar.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

PicAvatar uses AI to create stunning avatars for your apps and
websites. 

COLLATO [https://collato.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Collato is an AI search-engine for product teams, allowing you to find
anything across all your apps. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A TWO-MINUTE BURNOUT CHECKUP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/04/a-two-minute-burnout-checkup?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Founders often experience chronic stress, which can lead to burnout.
The author presents a two-minute burnout checkup activity to assess
stress levels in each factor and suggests targeted strategies to
address them. 

HOW TO HACK HACKER NEWS (AND CONSISTENTLY HIT THE FRONT PAGE) (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.indiehackers.com/post/how-to-hack-hacker-news-and-consistently-hit-the-front-page-56b4a04e12?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Hacker News is a social news website focusing on computer science and
entrepreneurship. The author reveals a strategy to consistently reach
the front page which can drive traffic and brand awareness. 

HOW TO DO OUTBOUND AT YOUR STARTUP (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1656712091749826575.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Sam Blond gives a great breakdown and 5 big takeaways on how to do
outbound to generate new opportunities. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HITEN SHAH ON BEING A FOUNDER (5 SECOND READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/hnshah/status/1656073484978749441?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Worth the read. Hiten always has a great perspective. 

SEEKING A DISTRIBUTION ADVANTAGE WITH AI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/distribution-advantage-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


An exploration into some possible areas that AI could improve your
startups distribution. 

WHY IT‚ÄôS OK TO GIVE-UP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1657438019794898945.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Hustle Fund co-partner Elizabeth Yin breaks down why it‚Äôs ok for
Founders to shut down startups that aren‚Äôt working. 

NEWCHIP GOES BANKRUPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.siliconhillsnews.com/2023/05/13/newchip-enters-into-bankruptcy-liquidation/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Startup accelerator Newchip has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=29508280-f2e7-11ed-aee8-f3454db5b55a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684152029&t=1684152403&s=4202d372288a96613739fe1041617974cb9c0220c6a668d29b348ee9251135d8].


¬†