# Articles TLDR Founders 19-07-2023

Neobanks are merging with one another to bolster their market share¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1fad47c0-2606-11ee-bd06-2f18147e84f5&pt=campaign&t=1689768199&s=c41805267b54dc03286be8cf0bcc1b588c30ea3dab6dc5add9fb0668bef457e8]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH¬†[Drata]
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-07-19

TRUST, AUTOMATED. (SPONSOR)
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none]

Imagine being able to achieve compliance with any framework you want
without lifting a finger. Meet Drata
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none]:
the compliance automation platform that does all the work for you.
Drata connects to 75+ apps and cloud services, and automatically
collects the evidence
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none]
you need to submit. It maps the evidence to the relevant controls for
each framework - such as SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none].

You can also monitor your risk management, vendor assessments, and
policy reviews with Drata's easy-to-use dashboard.
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_em_leader_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_em_leader_none_none]
No more manual tasks, screenshots, or overlapping projects. Just peace
of mind and audit-readiness at all times.

See for yourself how Drata can transform your compliance journey.
Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldr_all_all_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&umt_termUSCA_all_sec-it_none_none_none]

üìà

HEADLINES & TRENDS

NEOBANK CONSOLIDATION BEGINS TO PICK UP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thisweekinfintech.com/twif-7-16/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

On Monday we flagged that cash-strapped tech startups are exploring
sales to bigger companies in order to survive a funding crunch. Well,
in fintech, it‚Äôs M&A, M&A everywhere. Neobanks are merging with one
another to bolster their market share and legacy players are mopping
up startups to expand their product offering and reach new customer
segments.

UBER FACES LAWSUIT DEMANDING COVERAGE OF UBEREATS DRIVERS‚Äô WORK
EXPENSES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techtimes.com/articles/293907/20230718/uber-faces-lawsuit-demanding-coverage-ubereats-drivers-work-expenses.htm/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Uber Technologies Inc may face a lawsuit in California regarding the
coverage of work-related expenses for drivers. If successful, what
precedent does this set for the broader gig economy?

GLOBAL FINTECH INVESTMENTS FALLS OVER H1 2023 AMID ECONOMIC TURBULENCE
BUT SECTOR REMAINS RESILIENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fintechfutures.com/2023/07/global-fintech-investment-retains-positive-outlook-despite-economic-turbulence/]

$27.3 billion has been deployed across 1,714 fintech venture deals in
H1 2023. Down 14% since H2 2022.

üß†

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHEN TO DIG A MOAT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/when-to-dig-a-moat/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generative AI has caused a bit of a divide on the topic of moats. Now
that we can build things quickly, and often without deep engineering
expertise, are we seeing the erosion of defensible moats? Packy
explores the types of moats that might exist beyond the technical
product.

WHY CONSUMER SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE SO HARD AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://caseyaccidental.com/consumer-subscription/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Retaining existing customers is¬†important in the current market.
Consumers are irrational. It‚Äôs incredibly dififcult to predict who
will churn and it‚Äôs¬†hard (and expensive) to win their attention in
the first place these days. Casey Winters double-clicks on a few
tactics and strategies to ensure you‚Äôre not leaving money on the
table.

CRACKING THE CODE TO HYPERGROWTH: 5 STRATEGIES FROM VANTA‚ÄôS CEO AND
FOUNDER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/founder-secrets-to-hitting-hypergrowth-with-vanta/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The central theme? You guessed it, customer centricity. Listen to your
customers, build a product that truly serves their needs, and
acknowledge that your product likely needs to evolve as their needs
change, particularly if you‚Äôre building for startups that grow up
one day.

‚öíÔ∏è

TOOLS & RESOURCES

REFORGE ARTIFACTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reforge.com/blog/reforge-artifacts-never-start-from-scratch/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Reforge just launched Artifacts - a library of documents capturing
lessons and insights from established founders and operators.

LLAMA 2 - META AI (PRODUCT)
[https://ai.meta.com/llama/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI continues to move at breakneck speed. Meta is pushing forward with
the latest iteration of their Llama open source model trained on 2
trillion tokens.

WOPE (PRODUCT) [https://wope.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

SEO meets AI, helping you better understand the competitive landscape
in a post-generative-AI world.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW ICS CAN GET RECOGNITION FOR THEIR WORK ON BIG PROJECTS (27 MINUTE
AUDIO)
[https://stackoverflow.blog/2023/07/18/how-ics-can-get-recognition-for-their-work-on-big-projects-ep-590/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interview with Dr. Cat Hicks, Director of Pluralsight Flow‚Äôs
Developer Success Lab, where they double-click on how to ensure good
work is seen in larger organizations.

COMPANIES REQUIRING EMPLOYEES TO BE FULL-TIME IN-OFFICE ARE STRUGGLING
TO RECRUIT NEW TALENT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://time.com/6294640/remote-work-winning/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

There seems to be an inverse correlation between the number of
mandated days in the office and a company's ability to attract and
retain talent. Less flexibility causes churn - who‚Äôd have thought?

ZACK SCHILDHORN, FOUNDER OF SERIES Z, GIVES ADVICE ON DEVELOPING A
SUCCESSFUL PITCH FOR INVESTORS (34 MINUTE AUDIO)
[https://www.khoslaventures.com/pitching-investors/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Khosla Ventures just dropped a collection of recordings from their CEO
Summit in May 2023. In this recording, Zach talks about how successful
fundraising is all about provoking genuine human emotions through
storytelling.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

SURVIVING A SLOWDOWN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/surviving-a-slowdown/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We know this message has been drilled in a lot over the last year, but
Sean offers some simple mental models to apply when faced with
uncertainty and slow market conditions.

HOW TO BE ASSERTIVE: PROPOSE SOLUTIONS (1 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR_Nv1WtX4U/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Whether it‚Äôs a romantic date, strategy whiteboard session or a
valuable new partnership, learning to propose new ideas effectively
can create momentum in your conversations and better position you as a
leader.

HOW MUCH EQUITY SHOULD I GIVE A KEY STARTUP ADVISOR? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-how-much-equity-should-i-give-a-key-startup-advisor/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Finding the right advisor is hard, incentivising them accordingly even
more so. How do you build skin in the game at the right level and
reward experienced advisors for their time? Here‚Äôs a ‚Äúback of the
napkin‚Äù kinda way.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1fad47c0-2606-11ee-bd06-2f18147e84f5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689768025&t=1689768199&s=6d32788d0f891ff166d8842cbe67b02c6a3e0701f8d08ae7e2a6f2f9509c1dd1].