# Articles TLDR Founders 12-06-2023

Due to a severe decline in funding and modest addressable market, web3
startups will be forced to become web2 SaaS companies¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c6357d8c-08fc-11ee-a846-ebaf25bc4d38&pt=campaign&t=1686571721&s=90bf485e986fdb3d374fb68ba9299e29cbb8d9f6253e0c642f97b084a661d755]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/the-soc-2-compliance-checklist-2?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-12

DOWNLOAD THE SOC 2 COMPLIANCE CHECKLIST BY VANTA (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/the-soc-2-compliance-checklist-2?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

Compliance can be daunting. This SOC 2 compliance checklist
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/the-soc-2-compliance-checklist-2?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
breaks down the process and gives you a digestible view of the road
ahead.
WHAT‚ÄôS COVERED?

	*
Choose the right type of SOC 2 report

	*
Work toward SOC 2 compliance

	*
Complete a SOC 2 report audit

	*
Maintain your SOC 2 report annually

Get the checklist now to manage your compliance journey
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/the-soc-2-compliance-checklist-2?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WEB3 IN SAAS CLOTHING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/web3-in-saas-clothing/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Tomasz Tunguz argues due to a severe decline in funding and modest
addressable market, web3 startups will be forced to become web2 SaaS
companies imbued with the unique traits that web3 technology enables. 

THE FUTURE OF CREATOR COMMERCE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/the-future-of-creator-commerce?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Rex Woodbury discusses how the rise of creator commerce is changing
the way people shop. Creators are now able to sell their own products
and services directly to their fans, bypassing traditional retailers.
This is leading to a more personalized and engaging shopping
experience for consumers. 

APPROACHING VENTURE CAPITAL WITH INTENTION W/ SETH LEVINE OF FOUNDRY
(41 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://mpd.me/approaching-venture-capital-with-intention-w-seth-levine-of-foundry-43c097512408?source=rss----6ff47d504e38---4?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Seth is always super insightful and he and the Foundry Group team are
no joke. They are prolific in how and who they invest in. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

TO BUILD A TOP PERFORMING TEAM, ASK FOR 85% EFFORT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://hbr.org/2023/06/to-build-a-top-performing-team-ask-for-85-effort?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Instead of asking for 100% effort from your team, ask for 85%. This
will help your team members avoid burnout and be more productive. When
team members are happy and productive, they are more likely to be
creative and innovative. This can lead to better results for your team
and your company. 

BUILD A RUNNING LIST OF INTERVIEW QUESTIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/06/10/build-a-running-list-of-interview-questions/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

To best assess a candidate in the interview process, value-question
alignment and a deep survey into the candidate's past should be
conducted. Entrepreneurs should have a Google Doc or Notion of their
favorite interview questions as a living doc for continuous
improvement. 

OUR JOURNEY BUILDING A $60K/MONTH QA AND SOFTWARE TESTING FIRM (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.starterstory.com/stories/bugraptors?utm_source=tldrfounders]

BugRaptors, founded by Yashu Kapila, is a successful startup providing
quality assurance and software testing services globally. The
startup‚Äôs success highlights the potential of entering niche tech
markets. Kapila's advice to fellow entrepreneurs includes valuing
learning, demonstrating competence, extending empathy, and spreading
positivity, exemplifying how startup founders can foster growth and
create impactful businesses. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

CLIENTZEN (PRODUCT) [https://clientzen.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

ClientZen uses AI to transform your customer feedback into actionable
insights. 

GONG ENGAGE (PRODUCT)
[https://www.gong.io/engage/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Gong Engage is an AI sales engagement solution powered by customer
interactions. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INVESTING IN ARTISTS OF A COMPANY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://proby.substack.com/p/investing-in-artists-of-a-company?sd=pf?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article argues that investing in the artists of a company is a
better way to invest than investing in the company itself. The reason
is because artists are the ones who create the products and services
that make a company successful. When artists are happy and productive,
they are more likely to create great work. As a result, investing in
artists can lead to higher returns for investors. 

TEST YOUR STARTUP IDEA WITH AI: MUST-KNOW TIPS AND TOOLS (7 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/HI0Rh?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI enables startups to leverage tools and insights for market
identification, persona creation, understanding customer needs,
generating solution hypotheses, developing a compelling value
proposition, conducting demand tests, and validating ideas, while
acknowledging the significance of human engagement in the process. 

DUMB CUNEIFORM (1 MINUTE LAUGH)
[https://dumbcuneiform.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Because everybody needs a ridiculous gift. I mean we all have a friend
that is both on Twitter AND into ancient languages. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OPINION ON WEEKLY 1:1S (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36254217]

A Hacker News thread in which managers give their thoughts on the
weekly 1:1 meeting. 

ADVICE EXPIRES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/advice-expires-d37374e6?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jason Fried argues that advice has an expiration date and should be
taken with a grain of salt. He suggests that you should only take
advice from people who have experience in the area you are seeking
advice on, and that you should also consider the motivation behind the
advice. 

CAN FOUNDERS FORCE A RELUCTANT VC TO EXIT? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/can-founders-force-reluctant-vc-exit-assuming-reasonable-return/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generally, there is no legal or contractual basis for VCs to force a
business to exit, but founders often have de facto power to make the
VCs accept a sale due to the need for a CEO. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c6357d8c-08fc-11ee-a846-ebaf25bc4d38&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1686571287&t=1686571721&s=03415f76a33c4e4adc049f365802ef52b8d52f6c00f1458305864805bfdc1e2d].