# Articles TLDR Founders 21-07-2023

Five As the venture capital scene gets more competitive, it‚Äôll be
interesting to see what 2024 and beyond has in store for Sequoia.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a52d596a-2798-11ee-bc15-d74f1d7848b3&pt=campaign&t=1689941019&s=c90861238ee093ab2ac5b12e73c31696f4478a1f5286ac572b6320d75e5ad211]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-07-21

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SPACE TECH FUNDING COMES BACK TO EARTH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/space-tech-funding-drops-spacex-relativity/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Less venture funding dollars are going to space tech startups. In
2021, $12.1 billion went to space tech across 450 deals. In 2022, this
decreased by 25% to $9 billion. So far in 2023, we‚Äôve only seen $2.4
billion go to them. To the moon, maybe, maybe not. 

CHATGPT'S PERFORMANCE IS SLIPPING, APPARENTLY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/149272/chatgpts-performance-is-slipping-new-study-says/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

UC Berkeley researchers found that ChatGPT has not improved over time,
and in fact, may have gotten worse. The researchers suggest that one
of the reasons for this decline could be the result of new safety
protocols being implemented by OpenAI. 

MICHAEL MORITZ CLOSES A LONG CHAPTER AT SEQUOIA CAPITAL, AND FOUR
OTHER PARTNERS DEPART THE FIRM (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/19/michael-moritz-moves-on-bookmarking-a-long-chapter-at-sequoia-capital?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Five partners are leaving the firm, but the headline is that Mike
Moritz is officially moving on after 38 years service. As the venture
capital scene gets more competitive, it‚Äôll be interesting to see
what 2024 and beyond has in store for Sequoia. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

YOUR GUIDE TO SAAS PRODUCT METRICS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/your-guide-to-saas-product-metrics/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article explores the metrics you should be aware of as you build
out your product-led growth muscle at your SaaS company. It
double-clicks on the funnel conversions you can expect from when a
visitor lands on your website and eventually becomes a paying
customer. 

BUILDING AN AN EARLY STAGE STARTUP: LESSONS FROM AKITA SOFTWARE (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/building-an-an-early-stage-startup/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Gergely, writer at The Pragmatic Engineer, interviews Jean Yang, the
founder of Akita, which was very recently acquired by Postman. They
dive into finding your co-founder, fundraising, hiring, pivoting, and
all the challenges faced along the way. 

EFFECTIVE > PRODUCTIVE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/effective-productive-acfa210d/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Optimizing for productivity and being busy doesn‚Äôt necessarily mean
you‚Äôre working on the right things. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

SAAS BOILERPLATE (PRODUCT)
[https://www.apptension.com/saas-boilerplate?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This keeps coming across my feed and given we‚Äôre in the post-AI era,
being able to spin up a SaaS backend quickly and customize your
AI-tools du jour is no joke. 

MICROSOFT AND META EXPAND THEIR AI PARTNERSHIP WITH LLAMA 2 ON AZURE
AND WINDOWS (PRODUCT)
[https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2023/07/18/microsoft-and-meta-expand-their-ai-partnership-with-llama-2-on-azure-and-windows/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

MSFT is on a tear as of late and they are playing every angle they
can. Llama 2 was just announced and Microsoft is going to be offering
it up on Azure and Windows. If you‚Äôre an early-stage company on
Azure you get the best of all worlds. 

GITHUB COPILOT CHAT BETA NOW AVAILABLE FOR EVERY ORGANIZATION
(PRODUCT)
[https://github.blog/2023-07-20-github-copilot-chat-beta-now-available-for-every-organization/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Putting the power of GPT-4 into the hands of developers at a
conversational level is going to be yet another game changer. AI
continues to move at the pace of ‚Ä¶ well ‚Ä¶ AI. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A16Z - THE NEVERENDING GAME: HOW AI WILL CREATE A NEW CATEGORY OF
GAMES (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/07/19/the-neverending-game-how-ai-will-create-a-new-category-of-games/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI has long played a role in games, from procedurally generated
environments, to machine learning and NPC behavior. Generative AI is
the next frontier in game development, enabling hyper personalization
and adaptive environments. How about a game that designs itself and
never ends? 

RICH AND ANONYMOUS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/rich-and-anonymous/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An insightful read that digs into the positive correlation between
wealth and social liability. In today‚Äôs society, the wealthier you
get, the more you feel a responsibility to give back to family,
friends, and the global community. 

FIND YOUR WINNING IDEA BY SELLING PRODUCTS THAT DON‚ÄôT EXIST YET (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/material-securitys-path-to-product-market-fit?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The story of Material Security‚Äôs path to product-market fit, in
which they took a circuitous route where they tested multiple
different ideas. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SETH GODIN ON GOALS AND EXPECTATIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/07/goals-and-expectations/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As a founder, you want to get things done fast and see results now.
Sometimes this isn‚Äôt always possible. Godin provides a nice reminder
that we have to be persistently patient. 

THERE‚ÄôS NO REBOUND IN SIGHT FOR UNPROFITABLE SAAS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/there-s-no-rebound-in-sight-for-unprofitable-saas-49a06b4d?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The SaaS industry is facing a profitability crisis, with many
companies spending more money on sales and marketing than they earn in
revenue. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM DATADOG AT ~$2 BILLION IN ARR (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-datadog-at-2-billion-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

File this under ‚Äúproblems we‚Äôd like to have‚Äù - thinking through
being worth 18x ARR with continuing massive growth across every KPI.
Fascinating read and something to aspire to. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a52d596a-2798-11ee-bc15-d74f1d7848b3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1689940859&t=1689941019&s=82103b4bb3ce07bc9fe12dabbc1e4e799bd28565a4b33a3518177efc4eb3dcdf].