# Articles TLDR Founders 13-09-2023

Payments company Square had an outage on Thursday last week.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=73ed43b0-521d-11ee-b8c4-9d1f08a806a6&pt=campaign&t=1694606640&s=c2a240d05b6a66e8c6f630c784f6b081b14613216ba6a73f25cf39e3011c1cfe]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/build-trust-unlock-growth-checklist?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-13

5 STEPS TO TURN YOUR SECURITY POSTURE INTO A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/build-trust-unlock-growth-checklist?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

Trust is a critical part of any deal. Customers, big and small, need
to know how you‚Äôll protect their data before they can do business
with you. If you‚Äôre not prepared, this can lead to lengthy
questionnaires, long security reviews, and awkward sales
conversations.
Use this five-step checklist for busy executives
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/build-trust-unlock-growth-checklist?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn key practices that help position security as one of your
strengths
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/build-trust-unlock-growth-checklist?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]:

‚òëÔ∏è¬†Using security to close more deals, faster.

‚òëÔ∏è¬†Streamlining security requests and automating manual security
processes.

‚òëÔ∏è¬†Extending trust to third parties with vendor risk management.

Get the checklist from Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/build-trust-unlock-growth-checklist?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SQUARE‚ÄôS OUTAGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://edition.cnn.com/2023/09/08/tech/square-outage/index.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Payments company Square had an outage on Thursday last week. This
happens of course, but the impact on businesses that use Square to
take payments can be huge. The event added fuel to the ongoing culture
war around migrating to a cashless society. 

CONFIDENCE VS ARROGANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/confidence-vs-arrogance/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As a founder, you have to be confident in what you‚Äôre doing.
That‚Äôs how you sell people on the vision to invest in you, work with
you, buy from you. However, you need to understand the boundary
between confidence and arrogance. 

REGULATING ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.generalist.com/briefing/life-in-a-kingdom-of-dangerous-magic/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Slowing the pace of innovation allows competitor countries to catch
up. Letting innovation run unfettered can unlock a Pandora's Box of
problems. This article spins an interesting story that showcases why
regulating artificial intelligence is so difficult. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

INTEGRATION STRATEGY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/integration-strategy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As you scale, the number of integrations you have with providers is
going to increase. Your CRM, Finance stack, ERP, and collaboration
tools all need to talk to each other. Interoperability between
applications is a continuous strategic decision for founders. You need
to have an owner of this strategy in your startup. 

WHEN TO BORROW DEBT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://markmacleod.me/when-to-borrow-to-grow-your-business/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Selling equity in your startup is the most expensive form of
financing. Debt is cheaper, but only accessible under certain
circumstances, like when you know your unit economics, have product
market fit, and have proven repeatable channels to find customers. 

THE TOP 10 MISTAKES FOUNDERS MAKE AFTER $10M ARR (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/the-top-10-mistakes-founders-make-after-10m-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

From stepping away from founder-led sales completely to hiring
mistakes. Here‚Äôs a list of some things you can be mindful of as a
founder of a scaling startup that‚Äôs in the growth phase. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

TRICKLE (PRODUCT) [https://www.trickle.so/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Trickle produces AI-generated insightful summaries for each uploaded
screenshot. 

BUILDSHARE (PRODUCT)
[https://www.buildshare.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generate product updates for Twitter when you ship new code. 

AI SCORE MY SITE (PRODUCT)
[https://sitespeak.ai/tools/ai-score-my-site?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Find out if your website can be discovered and ranked by AI-powered
search engines and what you can do to improve it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IF YOU WANT TO TRICK INVESTORS, TELL THEM YOUR CAAR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/if-you-want-to-trick-investors-tell/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR) is a staple metric of investor
expectations. Contracted Annual Recurring Revenue (CAAR) is being used
more by founders to show unrealized revenue from committed contracts.
It bumps the numbers, but it might leave you in hot water further down
the line. 

HOW AI CAN SPARK BOTH TECHNOLOGICAL AND BUSINESS MODEL INNOVATION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://versionone.vc/the-power-of-two-how-ai-can-spark-both-technological-and-business-model-innovation/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Truly great innovation comes in pairs. Technology innovation and
business model innovation. They work together and deliver outlier
results. AI is the next technology innovation, but have we found its
counterpart on the business model side yet? 

SECURING AI IS THE NEXT BIG PLATFORM OPPORTUNITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://lsvp.com/securing-ai-is-the-next-big-platform-opportunity/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

When it comes to AI and security, there is a significant amount of
work and effort required. This article breaks down the risks and
challenges and looks at the opportunities for companies in this new
world order. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WORKING REMOTELY DOESN‚ÄôT ALWAYS MEAN FROM HOME (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/09/11/i-work-remotely-doesnt-have-to-mean-i-work-from-home/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Remote can be anywhere that inspires you to work at your best. 

SAY/DO RATIOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/saydo-ratio/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

‚ÄúUnder-promise and over-deliver‚Äù - how many times have we heard
that? The mantra is focused on ensuring you only take on enough work
that you can really do justice. But are you in danger of being seen as
a slacker? There‚Äôs a balance somewhere. 

COMPANY CULTURE IS THE LAST 50 DAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/company-culture-is-the-last-50-days-dab19416?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The incorrigible Jason Fried of 37 Signals gives his take on culture
and how to view it around the things that have happened around a
50-day rolling window. Best quote: ‚ÄúCulture is the nonfiction story
of an organization. It writes itself.‚Äù 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=73ed43b0-521d-11ee-b8c4-9d1f08a806a6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694606457&t=1694606640&s=096846e6c6d893cf3cd6eac9951279e710d2dd7302ac6db5653d8c123ea87bc3].