# Articles TLDR Founders 27-09-2023

In the last month, we‚Äôve witnessed three $1bn+ investments into
battery startups.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c08a3ad6-5d1f-11ee-af5f-f94c7c8f07ee&pt=campaign&t=1695816303&s=242af2309e23b66c5061b4bff5e910f72a0d56c23f4c20b5ef14c3e939bfd237]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [LinearB]
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-27

BOARD MEETING COMING UP? GET THE CTO DECK TEMPLATE (SPONSOR)
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck]


Many technical leaders struggle to convey their teams' health, impact,
and priorities to business stakeholders- leading to misaligned
expectations and decision-making.
Streamline your next engineering health update with this CTO Board
Deck
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck]
template by LinearB
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck].
Start with battle-tested slides
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck]
that make it easy to highlight the KPIs and key project updates that
business leaders care about.

You know that engineering is driving business results. Now, you can
prove it with data.

Download the full deck template üì•
[https://linearb.io/resources/cto-board-slides?utm_source=TLDR&utm_medium=promo&utm_campaign=202309+-+Newsletter+-+Paid+-+TLDR+-+CTO+Deck]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

INVESTMENT IN BATTERY STARTUPS ON THE RISE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/clean-tech-and-energy/ev-battery-investment-verkor-redwood/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In the last month, we‚Äôve witnessed three $1bn+ investments into
battery startups. The space is on trend to surpass 2021 funding levels
by the end of the year, which is perhaps the only industry out there
to do so. 

SERIES, WHICH AIMS TO REPLACE ERP SYSTEMS, LANDS $25M (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seriesfi.com/blog/the-launch?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Series is a platform designed to centralize and automate business
finance and operations. Backed by $25M in funding, it offers modular
ERP-like features, enabling companies to choose functionalities best
suited for them. By streamlining operations, it aims to reduce the
complexity and cost businesses face when managing multiple vendors and
systems. 

HOW IS AI GOING TO IMPACT THE SAAS LANDSCAPE OVER THE COMING YEARS
WITH A16Z GP KRISTINA SHEN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/how-is-ai-going-to-impact-the-saas-landscape-over-the-coming-years-with-a16z-gp-kristina-shen/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


We all know SaaS is going to be impacted by AI, but the question is
what is the next wave going to look like? This in-depth discussion
with Kristina Shen goes into why it‚Äôs more about insights than
information and unlocking the real power of AI for SaaS. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE BIGGEST DIFFERENCE BETWEEN RUNNING A 10 PERSON STARTUP VERSUS 100
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/difference-running-10-person-startup-100-person-startup/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


As a founder, you have to let go. Focus your efforts on hiring great
VPs and give them the freedom to make decisions and ultimately their
own mistakes. But only let go once you know you have that great VP in
place. 

HOW MIRO GROWS: TACTICAL LESSONS FROM THE $17.5B WHITEBOARD (40 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.news.aakashg.com/p/how-miro-grows-tactical-lessons-from/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


This is a long but rewarding read that unpacks the nuances of
product-led growth, freemium offerings, the differences between
onboarding users with single-player and multiplayer products, and how
to intelligently think about product-led sales. It‚Äôs one for your
weekend coffee. 

EXPERIENCE DOESN‚ÄôT MATTER (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/experience-doesnt-matter-4bfddac11483?utm_source=tldrfounders]


While we might not completely agree, experience can sometimes be
overrated when it comes to hires. This article goes into the weeds on
why it's more than just experience when it comes to looking at
candidates as well as some tactics for focusing on the fundamentals
that a potential candidate might have. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

PRODUCT PLANNING BRAINSTORM TEMPLATE (FIGMA TEMPLATE)
[https://www.figma.com/community/file/1285828596884760720/product-planning-brainstorm-template/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A template you can use to brainstorm your product roadmap with your
team. 

VESPIO (PRODUCT) [https://vespio.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Vespio provides AI-powered sentiment analysis so your sales teams
never waste leads. 

BESTEVER (PRODUCT) [https://www.bestever.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Create brilliant marketing visuals in minutes using AI. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE GENERALIST DISEASE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.danhock.co/p/generalist-disease/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The hallmark symptom of people with Generalist Disease is optimizing
for optionality. Individuals who pursue good brands to build their
resumes, jumping from each every few years and diving into something
completely new each time. This is an excellent strategy early in your
career - to figure out what you enjoy - but later on, you need to
specialize in something. 

THOUGHTS ON EARLY-STAGE PARTNERSHIPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://jaredhecht.com/2023/09/26/early-stage-partnerships/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Partnering with bigger firms for your startup can often seem like a
silver bullet to your distribution worries. In reality, there‚Äôs
absolutely zero substitute for developing your own audience. Lots of
big partnerships are just efforts to gather information. 

HOW TO USE AI TO BRAINSTORM A BILLION-DOLLAR BUSINESS IDEA (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/ai-robotics/how-to-use-ai-chatgpt-brainstorm-business-ideas/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Guest author Dan Kraemer for Crunchbase News goes into his methodology
around leveraging AI to brainstorm the next big idea. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TOWARDS STICKINESS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/09/toward-stickiness/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


We often talk about product stickiness like it‚Äôs a hack that can be
gamified. It‚Äôs really about the people who would miss your product
if it disappeared. Find them and delight them. 

MERCEDES-BENZ PARTNERS WITH MASTERCARD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.connectingthedotsinfin.tech/embedded-finance/?mc_cid=f9fa8319e9&mc_eid=621a7d48a0/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Mercedes is getting into payments in collaboration with Mastercard.
Starting in Germany, users can now pay for fuel using an in-car
fingerprint sensor. 

THE CASE FOR NOT DEFERRING HAPPINESS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://markmacleod.me/the-case-for-not-deferring-happiness/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Most CEOs postpone happiness in order to build their business.
However, they can build better, more valuable businesses if they make
happiness a priority. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c08a3ad6-5d1f-11ee-af5f-f94c7c8f07ee&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695816110&t=1695816303&s=d865f45b89f6fb347891a6b352b943a71d8fc3b8bd15baeed905c6943080993d].