# Articles TLDR Founders 30-06-2023

Inflection AI and CEO Mustafa Suleyman have raised $1.3 billion in new
funding¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=02bf98f0-1726-11ee-b2f6-69c1e0221a7b&pt=campaign&t=1688126648&s=b6c7d3f058ce5aed90adf4eeb1fc9d1683770cab0727b7bb2eaae21dce833cab]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-30

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

INFLECTION AI RAISES $1.3B (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/alexkonrad/2023/06/29/inflection-ai-raises-1-billion-for-chatbot-pi/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In less than two months after the launch of their first chatbot Pi,
Inflection AI and CEO Mustafa Suleyman have raised $1.3 billion in new
funding. AI is only accelerating. 

SPEED X AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nfx.com/post/speed-and-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

NFX drops some science around what it means to dive into this next
technology go-around: get on board and hurry up, this train is leaving
the station. We‚Äôre on the cusp of something we only see every 14
years but most founders won‚Äôt take advantage: (from the article)
‚ÄúThey‚Äôll move too damn slow.‚Äù 

2040S: A LOOKBACK | VINOD KHOSLA (30 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biLNOTqMT_U?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We don‚Äôt normally put in full videos like this but the presentation
by Vinod yesterday is just too good to pass up. Sets the stage at
2020, talks about significant change we‚Äôve already gone through, and
makes some predictions about the future. He also raps. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE FOUNDER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO NAVIGATING CO-FOUNDER CONFLICT (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://outlander.vc/fieldguide/navigating-cofounder-conflict/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

People often go into building companies with friends as co-founders
but don‚Äôt really test their relationship until tensions start to
fray. This article provides a great framework for both the before and
after bad times in any founder relationship. 

IMPOSTER SYNDROME AND FOUNDERS (3 MINUTES READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/06/imposter-syndrome-and-founders?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Matt over at Bolster covers the inevitable founder feeling of being an
imposter. Sometimes we‚Äôre just having a bad day. Adjust and remember
you‚Äôre not alone. 

GIANT MISTAKES AND SUCCESSES: LESSONS FROM GROWING FROM $10M TO $50M
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/giant-mistakes-and-successes-lessons-from-growing-revenue-from-10m-to-50m-314cfa4b31d0?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article explains the importance of setting up a strong
monetization system as it can increase the chances of retaining
customers in the long-term. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

HOW TO 10X YOUR WELCOME EMAIL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/JMatthewMcGarry/status/1654138895867543556]

It never hurts to bone up on the simple stuff. Your welcome email is
no different, especially if it‚Äôs for your newsletter. 

SAAS PRICING EXPLORER (PRODUCT)
[https://explorer.hyperline.co/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Explore, analyze, and track 1000+ pricing pages for free. 

SEEDCHECKS (PRODUCT) [https://seedchecks.com?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Fill your seed round way faster by submitting your deck to 18
investors at once. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT HAPPENED TO THE CREATOR ECONOMY? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/umzOe?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Evan Armstrong dives into the causes of the creator economy winter,
which include a decrease in venture investment, shuttered startups,
and layoffs among the creator economy giants. 

HOW ROBLOX GROWS (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/how-roblox-grows-from-virtual-playground?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An extremely deep dive into where Roblox came from, where it stands
today, and where it‚Äôs going. 

BUILDING BOBA AI (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://martinfowler.com/articles/building-boba.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interesting case study on how to build an LLM-powered generative
application. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DESIGN FOR THE WEB WITHOUT FIGMA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/dhh/design-for-the-web-without-figma-4bc3a218?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The article argues that Figma, a popular design tool, is an
intermediary tool that can actually lead to problems down the road.
Instead, it recommends designing directly in HTML and CSS, which is
more efficient and produces better results. 

DAMAGING RESULTS OF THE MANDATED RTO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.entrepreneur.com/growing-a-business/the-damaging-results-of-the-mandated-return-to-office-is/454043?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Employers who mandated a full return to the office after the pandemic
were met with resistance from employees who had grown accustomed to
working from home. This led to high turnover rates, decreased
productivity, and increased costs. 

THE EMOTIONAL COST OF SCALING A STARTUP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/emotional-cost-scaling-startup?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article provides an overview of the emotional cost of scaling a
startup, discussing how team dynamics and the founder's role must
change in the process, and provides advice for other founders on how
to manage the process. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=02bf98f0-1726-11ee-b2f6-69c1e0221a7b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688126479&t=1688126648&s=46ff553c724df9de482d6a990e24563b359076539f58fa021407c1386cea8fc2].