# Articles TLDR Founders 29-05-2023

Crypto venture capital firm Paradigm is going beyond just blockchain
and highlighting a focus on a broader array of "frontier tech"¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=17f62e30-fdf1-11ed-aed7-6906e96740af&pt=campaign&t=1685362065&s=3f5c7ca5d80d5302947b5fc0b7bbc6a9ca7c9f92b88a533df53c6a6c0e756078]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-29

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

DEBT CEILING DEAL REACHED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-65736734?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A deal between President Biden and Speaker McCarthy to raise the US
debt ceiling has been reached, averting economic disaster for the next
two years. 

PARADIGM EXPANDING FROM CRYPTO TO AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblock.co/post/232247/crypto-vc-paradigm-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Crypto venture capital firm Paradigm, one of the most established and
active players in the space, is going beyond just blockchain and
highlighting a focus on a broader array of "frontier tech" that
includes artificial intelligence, the latest move showing that VCs are
obsessing over AI. 

WHEN IS A STARTUP READY TO RAISE VENTURE CAPITAL THESE DAYS? (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-when-is-a-startup-ready-to-raise-venture-capital-these-days/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin outlines the B2B/SaaS metrics that are typically
necessary for securing funding from the Seed Round to Series B. He
emphasizes that the process of raising capital for startups has become
significantly more challenging compared to previous years. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

LABELBOX‚ÄôS PATH TO PMF (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/labelboxs-path-to-pmf-founders-need-to-be-contrarian-and-right-heres-how?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Labelbox is a machine learning platform that helps companies label
data for training machine learning models. Founder Manu Sharma says
that founders need to be contrarian and right in order to find
product-market fit. Sharma and his team found PMF by focusing on the
enterprise market and by testing pricing from the get-go. 

THE POWER OF STRATEGIC NARRATIVE (63 MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/the-power-of-strategic-narrative-andy-raskin/?utm_source=tldrfounders#transcript]


Andy Raskin breaks down what a strategic narrative is, how to craft
one, and how having a strategic narrative can bring alignment to your
entire company. 

THE Y COMBINATOR STRATEGY FOR SUCCESSFUL TECHNICAL STARTUP FOUNDERS (8
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/sxn6L?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author breaks down what they call the Y Combinator
Mindset/Strategy to make technical startup founders successful. The
technical founder handles the tech/science side of the startup,
learning and doing everything from Frontend to Devops. Early stages
require fast building with a focus on success, whilst avoiding
overbuilding, not listening to customers and presenting theory instead
of practical prototypes. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

60SEC.SITE (PRODUCT) [https://60sec.site/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

60sec.site‚Äôs uses AI to quickly create beautiful landing pages. 

ARC‚ÄôS HIREAI (PRODUCT)
[https://arc.dev/hire?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

HireAI is the smarter way to hire remote developers. 

CLIPNOTEAI (PRODUCT) [https://clipnote.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Clipnote is an AI YouTube video summarizer. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COMPANY LIFETIME VALUE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.strangeloopcanon.com/p/company-lifetime-value?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In today‚Äôs age of companies quickly rising and falling, Rohit
Krishan explores the concept of using company lifetime value to
evaluate tech companies, an analog of the customer lifetime value that
most companies use to figure out how useful a particular customer is. 

DYING WHALES AND DYING BILLIONAIRES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/o9ovF?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

An interesting exploration into the similarities between dying blue
whales and dying billionaires, with the key takeaway being that
nobody, despite how powerful they are, is invincible. 

THE LONG GAME IS THE SHORTCUT. YOU‚ÄôVE JUST BEEN SOLD A LIE. (4
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/vkSBo?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Eve Arnold's experience demonstrates that the most effective route to
success is a long one. Instant gratification and 'get-rich-quick'
schemes are misleading and counter-productive - instead, dedication is
necessary in order to create true and meaningful success. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EIGHT SOFTWARE ENGINEERING SALARY GRAPHS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://spectrum.ieee.org/software-salaries-2023?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Eight graphs that illustrate the current state of salaries in software
engineering, including where the best paying jobs are, what the most
in-demand skills are, and what cities the employers are in. 

ANDY BYRNE‚ÄôS TOP 10 MISTAKES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/my-top-10-mistakes-in-10-years-andy-bryne-ceo-at-clari/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Clari CEO Andy Bryne breaks down his top 10 mistakes over the last
decade, including management by winging it, not trusting his gut on
early hires, and not knowing when to stop building. 

SIDE HUSTLE TO FULL HUSTLE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/05/26/side-hustle-to-full-hustle/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


It's difficult for entrepreneurs to go full-time, with only 5%
conversion from part-time status to full-time. Speed is essential in
startups, and part-time entrepreneurs cannot achieve the required rate
of iteration. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=17f62e30-fdf1-11ed-aed7-6906e96740af&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685361628&t=1685362065&s=bda77572de4401f83bdb6ffdb4dac1dbc5ddb367ad3eca6631048ea8917ce808].


¬†