# Articles TLDR Founders 22-09-2023

Tech titans Elon Musk, Bill Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg met in
Washington on Wednesday to talk about AI regulation¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e955042a-5930-11ee-b86e-ff2664784a62&pt=campaign&t=1695384244&s=7e17b0ea11503df281a22a6092bc631df033135d54f6d44515ce84f2fc534f87]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-22

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

MUSK, GATES, AND ZUCKERBERG WALK INTO AN AI MEETING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbsnews.com/miami/news/bill-gates-elon-musk-and-mark-zuckerberg-are-meeting-in-washington-to-discuss-future-ai-regulations/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Sounds like the start of a bad joke. Tech titans Elon Musk, Bill
Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg met in Washington on Wednesday to talk
about AI regulation. They were joined by founders from leading AI
companies like Anthropic and OpenAI. Hopefully, we hear some insight
from the meeting soon! 

SOFTWARE TRANSCENDS BORDERS‚ÄîWHY NOT MONEY? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/global-payments-infrastructure/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Global money movement is a really complex topic. It‚Äôs really a lot
like language. Each country grew up with its own system and way of
communicating with money, and we‚Äôre still in the phase of
translating that into a global language. 

THE WILD WEST OF E-COMMERCE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/the-wild-west-of-e-commerce/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In light of Klaviyo‚Äôs S-1 filing, this article dives into the
e-commerce space and the infrastructure that runs it. Much of the
plumbing behind e-commerce is invisible to the consumer. Amazon‚Äôs
FBA, Klaviyo‚Äôs marketing, Shopify storefronts, and wholesale
marketplaces like Faire all enable the gears of e-commerce to turn
without the consumer knowing about it. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO MEASURE WHAT MARKETING ACTIVITIES ARE ACTUALLY DRIVING REVENUE
(17 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.mkt1.co/p/marketing-analytics/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A comprehensive read covering how to map your funnel, set up tooling,
and start tracking the right data from marketing activities at your
B2B startup. 

AIRBNB CEO BRIAN CHESKY ON WHY HE'S DEEP IN THE PRODUCT DETAILS (60
MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/airbnb-ceo-brian-chesky-on-why-hes/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The bigger the company gets, the more likely it is that the founder or
CEO doesn‚Äôt spend time with their customers. Brian Chesky has a
refreshing take on how a CEO should always maintain a high degree of
customer-centricity and product knowledge. 

HELPFUL BOARDS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://jaredhecht.com/2023/09/21/helpful-boards/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Board meetings can often be a huge waste of time. A board member
should be your confidant. They should tell hard truths and play the
long game. Here‚Äôs a helpful breakdown of the signals that indicate
whether you‚Äôve got a good board or not. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

CAPSULE (PRODUCT) [https://capsule.video/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The AI-powered video editor for content and marketing teams. 

CARDINAL (PRODUCT) [https://cardinalapp.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An AI-powered backlog enriching your features with customer feedback
and revenue data. 

SHORTWAVE (PRODUCT)
[https://www.shortwave.com/blog/meet-your-ai-email-executive-assistant/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The AI executive assistant you‚Äôve been looking for. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GENERATIVE AI‚ÄôS ACT TWO (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/generative-ai-act-two/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generative AI‚Äôs first act of developing foundational models and
novelty apps is coming to an end. In its place comes Act Two: where
generative AI solves human problems end-to-end. 

FAILING BETTER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/09/20/startups-fail-all-the-time-but-many-could-fail-better-by-thinking-beyond-the-vcs-and-founders/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Startups fail all the time, but not all of them fail gracefully. The
core things to think about if you need to close shop include your
team, your accounts payable, and your customers. Make sure you
preserve the relationship with your team, don‚Äôt screw small
businesses you owe money to, and don‚Äôt kick customers who may rely
on your product or service to the curb. 

HOW TO AVOID DOING FRAUD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/how-to-avoid-doing-fraud/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The most important rule of business is to never lie about your
metrics. False metrics quickly spiral out of control, and you‚Äôll
begin to layer on fraud after fraud to keep the lie alive. Before you
know it, the only thing that exists is the lie you‚Äôve told and not
the company behind it. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE CAR THAT WAS ALLERGIC TO VANILLA ICE CREAM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/09/20/the-car-that-was-allergic-to-vanilla-ice-cream/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Customer feedback can sometimes bamboozle you. How on earth did they
encounter that problem? Oftentimes it‚Äôs a case of getting to the
root cause, which might have nothing to do with how the problem was
first presented to you by your user. 

A16Z‚ÄôS INTERACTIVE GLOBAL PAYMENTS PAGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/global-payments/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Not really a 1 minute read, but a fun and interactive page from a16z
that breaks down the global payment and fintech network, highlighting
some of the key players across the globe. 

AUTOMATE (BUT AUTOMATE LAST) (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/automate-but-automate-last?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Before you go automating things, make sure all unnecessary elements
are removed first. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e955042a-5930-11ee-b86e-ff2664784a62&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695384077&t=1695384244&s=690f60cac263e116f23266ece2288c8daa9963ba83065f7a7397e4b518e3ec46].