# Articles TLDR Founders 15-09-2023

Xbox has launched the Xbox Mastercard in collaboration with Barclays¬†


Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1e51a356-53ad-11ee-a34f-e3ffe877df9b&pt=campaign&t=1694779405&s=c4e47151d98b164a65a2c311ffe48830905e43c82f51e80061cd190982121a38]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-15

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SWAN‚ÄôS $40M RAISE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://biz.crast.net/swan-secures-40m-to-bring-embedded-banking-to-europe-techcrunch/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Despite global fintech funding being down 84% YoY, French fintech Swan
bags $40m to scale their embedded banking services across Europe. Hope
for fintech and Europe? 

FTX GETS APPROVAL TO SELL ITS CRYPTO ASSETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/ftx-gets-court-approval-sell-crypto-assets-2023-09-13/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

FTX has been given approval to liquidate its assets in order to begin
paying back its users in USD. However, it still has a lot of assets.
How will this liquidation impact the crypto market as supply floods
the market? 

XBOX INTRODUCES EMBEDDED FINANCE IN GAMING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.xbox.com/en-us/2023/09/11/xbox-mastercard/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Xbox has launched the Xbox Mastercard in collaboration with Barclays.
The Xbox Mastercard is a rewards card that players can use to earn
points through everyday purchases to redeem on games. Wasn‚Äôt it
Angela Stange who said in 2019 that every company will be a fintech
company? 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SIGNS YOUR CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER ISN‚ÄôT SCALING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/09/signs-your-chief-people-officer-isnt-scaling/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

If you have a Chief People Officer who is overly focused on the
transactional parts of their operations, like payroll and benefits,
doesn‚Äôt speak up in executive team meetings, and has morale or
turnover issues in their own team, you‚Äôve got big problems. 

HOW I CEO: ON TAKING ADVICE AS A LEADER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mercury.com/blog/inside-mercury/how-i-ceo-taking-advice-as-leader?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Leadership is challenging, but getting advice from experienced peers
and investors makes the job much easier. The key to getting the most
out of advice is considering the situational context around the advice
and maintaining enough humility to properly receive the advice. 

PICKING SHARP PROBLEMS, INCREASING VIRALITY, AND UNIQUE PRODUCT
FRAMEWORKS (76 MINUTE AUDIO)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/picking-sharp-problems-increasing-virality-and-unique-product-frameworks-oji-udezue-typeform-t/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A discussion on why you need to find the ‚Äúsharpest‚Äù problems, how
to operationalize continuous customer discovery, tactical strategies
for making your products more viral, and more. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

TIMEOS (PRODUCT) [https://www.timeos.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Your personalized AI for meeting notes and scheduling. 

SOLIDROAD (PRODUCT)
[https://www.solidroad.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A flight simulator for Sales conversations. Empower your reps to
practice at their own pace, refine their approach, and receive
tailored feedback. 

CHARTGENAI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.einblick.ai/chartgenai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generate any chart you want using a single sentence. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IN CONVERSATION WITH SAM ALTMAN (24 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.exponentialview.co/p/i-caught-up-with-sam-altman?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Azeem from Exponential View sits down with Sam Altman during his
latest world tour to talk about AI, regulation, and his thoughts on
the future of OpenAI. 

REVERSE ENGINEERING YOUR IDEAL LIFE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sahilbloom.com/newsletter/the-80-year-old-life-decathlon/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As founders, we can often get lost in the to-do‚Äôs. The details of
these tasks consume us. Here‚Äôs a nice reminder to reflect on the
real goals of life, which often don‚Äôt involve money. It‚Äôs about
the people you retain and live with along the way. 

THE IMPORTANCE OF FOUNDER PEDIGREE IN EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.michaeldempsey.me/blog/2023/09/14/founder-pedigree-deep-tech/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This is a fascinating read that argues how investors behave around new
technologies. Without benchmarks and historical insight, investors
will revert back to founder-market-fit, using signals like pedigree
and education. A canonical example of this is the amount of
researchers and PhD wielders that have been recipients of the latest
AI funding boom. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW YOU ENDURE IT MATTERS MOST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://dailystoic.com/how-you-endure-it-matters-most/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A healthy reminder that as a founder you‚Äôre going to be banging your
head against the wall almost daily. How you handle the bumps and
continue on course matters. 

THE MOST IMPORTANT SKILL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/09/13/the-most-important-skill-is-controlling-your-attention/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Qui-Gon Jinn nailed it, your focus determines your reality. 

ELEMENTS OF EXCEPTIONAL STARTUPS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://tylerhogge.com/2023/09/07/elements-of-exceptional-startups/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

All exceptional startups have some things in common: an exceptional
CEO, executive team, investors, talent, and product. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1e51a356-53ad-11ee-a34f-e3ffe877df9b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694779224&t=1694779405&s=40e2afe90cd3fb04194a3292a8b11c8a521ffbabedd903066681f8996e7daec1].