# Articles TLDR Founders 04-09-2023

MoonPay Ventures will mainly invest between $100,000 to $1 million,
targeting seed and Series A rounds.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=8243e1a4-4b0f-11ee-ab8c-cbede52717ac&pt=campaign&t=1693829048&s=f4662cb1e8be5979e110217f381473b6cc5cda4bef654df95f66041f8c0f27e7]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-04

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

OPENAI IS MAKING MONEY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/openai-track-generate-more-than-1-bln-revenue-over-12-months-information-2023-08-29/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


OpenAI is on track to generate more than $1 billion in revenue over
the next 12 months 

OPEN-BANKING POPULARITY IN THE UK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.altfi.com/article/uk-open-banking-payments-hit-record-high-in-july-up-102-yoy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Adoption of open banking payments reached a record high in July,
climbing 102% YoY. Most of the use cases still center around account
top-ups and card payments. If you‚Äôre a fintech in Europe, perhaps
it's time to think about open banking? 

MOONPAY LAUNCHED A VENTURE ARM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/29/moonpay-launches-venture-arm-to-invest-in-web3-infra-gaming-and-fintech/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The investment arm, dubbed MoonPay Ventures, will mainly invest
between $100,000 to $1 million, targeting seed and Series A rounds. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

RTO THAT EMPLOYEES ACTUALLY LIKE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/09/02/the-in-office-plan-where-you-can-live-anywhere/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


This company mandated in-office attendance on Tuesdays through
Thursdays every alternate week, totaling six days per month. Employees
could live anywhere, but they were responsible for their own commuting
costs. It made critical planning like strategy and training easier. 

YOUR CUSTOMERS HATE MVPS. MAKE A SLC INSTEAD (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/slc/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

It‚Äôs often advised that startups build minimum viable products
(MVP), but MVPs come with the problem of not being very useful to your
customers. So consider building simple, loveable, and complete (SLC)
products instead. 

THE EVOLUTION OF MIRO‚ÄôS USER ONBOARDING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.growthunhinged.com/p/the-evolution-of-miros-user-onboarding?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A deep dive into how Miro‚Äôs user onboarding strategies changed
throughout the startup, hyper-growth, and growth at scale stages. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

GOOGLE‚ÄôS DUET AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/29/23849457/google-duet-ai-docs-slides-gmail]


Make spreadsheets, whip up slide decks, and summarize all those
documents you were never going to actually read. 

KEPLAR (PRODUCT) [https://www.keplar.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Unleash brand growth with next-gen simulated customers. 

SEONA (PRODUCT) [https://seona.usestyle.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Seona is an AI assistant designed to optimize your SEO. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ARE PEOPLE GENEROUS WHEN THE STAKES ARE HIGH? (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/09567976231184887/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


This is a fascinating long read. A study gave $10,000 to 200
participants with no strings attached to see what they‚Äôd do next. On
average, participants spent over $6,400 on purchases that benefited
others, including nearly $1,700 in donations to charity. Humanity has
hope. 

INSIDE ETSY‚ÄôS PRODUCT, GROWTH, AND MARKETPLACE EVOLUTION (72 MINUTE
AUDIO)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/inside-etsys-product-growth-and-marketplace-evolution-tim-holley-vp-of-product/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A conversation on how Etsy capitalized on the pandemic e-commerce
boom, how to optimize conversions, and how to navigate corporate
culture shifts. 

MEASURING DEVELOPER PRODUCTIVITY? A RESPONSE TO MCKINSEY, PART 2 (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/measuring-developer-productivity-part-2?utm_source=tldrfounders]


As promised last Friday, here is the second part of Gergley‚Äôs
response to McKinsey‚Äôs recent ‚Äúsolution‚Äù to measuring developer
productivity at your organization. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT ARE THE EMERGING AREAS OF TECH? (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37371112] 

An interesting discussion on the most exciting verticals in tech. 

TOP 10 MOST POPULAR QUESTIONS ANSWERED BY THE STARTUP ARCHIVE IN
AUGUST (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mikemcg0/status/1698325559502057794?utm_source=tldrfounders]


An X thread full of wisdom from the best of the best, including Paul
Graham, Steve Jobs, and Brian Chesky. 

X WORKING ON SHARING SUBSCRIBER EMAILS WITH CREATORS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tech.hindustantimes.com/tech/news/creators-to-soon-get-email-list-of-subscribers-on-x-elon-musk-says-they-are-not-trapped-here-71693630207879.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


X is getting a little bit safer to build an audience on, as the
company is working on a feature that allows users to share their email
with accounts they subscribe to. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=8243e1a4-4b0f-11ee-ab8c-cbede52717ac&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693828880&t=1693829048&s=6099792ec0cd05e8cc82909c2dc86d59ad65cfa066a8ef1a7898cf2ce0d24ff5].