# Articles TLDR Founders 13-10-2023

LLMs are all the rage these days, but do you really know how they
work?¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=36733afc-69a7-11ee-8968-6f5b3d294804&pt=campaign&t=1697198848&s=65c612bf3c96e8e1293184212df5f4294e6c5ac4e83a20a62d48653dcad20bce]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-13

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 OPEN BANKING ENDGAME (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://sytaylor.substack.com/p/fintech-food-open-banking-endgame/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Free market open banking in America led to a lot of innovation and
new products, but it‚Äôs creaking at the seams because of a price war,
ongoing reliability challenges, and concerns over consumer data.
Incoming regulation is set to establish some standards around the
control consumers have over their data. 

 ATLASSIAN BUYS ONE-TIME UNICORN LOOM AT HEFTY DISCOUNT TO 2021
VALUATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/ma/atlassian-loom-acquisition-price-valuation-discount-team/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 You have likely already seen this but it is telling that Loom ended
up selling for a 35% discount on its 2021 valuation and 4-5x the money
in. This is likely a sign of the real state of the market around
acquisitions. Still feels like a good outcome and fit for Loom. 

 LLMS FOR DUMMIES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/llms-for-dummies?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 LLMs are all the rage these days, but do you really know how they
work? This article provides a high-level overview of the plumbing
behind LLMs and then looks at four frameworks for LLM applications
that might emerge in the startup ecosystem. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 WHY YOU SHOULD FAIL 50% OF YOUR EXPERIMENTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/failing-ftw-why-you-should-fail-50/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Intuition uses historical patterns, and as the world moves faster and
faster, experimentation is becoming more important. Failure in these
experiments is really where we learn. As leaders, it‚Äôs on you to
cultivate a culture of experimentation and reprogram your team to
embrace failure. 

 COMMERCIALIZING AI IN HEALTHCARE: THE ENTERPRISE BUYER PERSPECTIVE
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/commercializing-ai-in-healthcare-the-enterprise-buyer-perspective/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 No doubt AI will have a hand in healthcare - it's just a question of
how and by how much. This step-by-step guide will be ridiculously
helpful if you‚Äôre starting an AI-for-healthcare company. 

 CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER PITFALL FOR LATER STAGE CEOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/10/chief-people-officer-pitfall-for-later-stage-ceos?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Don‚Äôt just put HR under your CFO. As you scale, the leader handling
the people side of things needs a seat and voice at the exec team
table. Getting this right is so critical. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 HOW TO GET PRESS FOR YOUR PRODUCT (102 MINUTE AUDIO)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/how-to-get-press-for-your-product/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Jason Feifer, editor-in-chief of Entrepreneur Magazine, discusses the
high-level steps of securing press coverage for your product. From
winning over freelancers to finding and courting the right
publications. This podcast also touches on when to hire a PR agency
and when you might consider bringing it in-house. 

 MOONHUB (PRODUCT) [https://www.moonhub.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Moonhub is your AI-powered recruiter built to save you hundreds of
hours. 

 BLAZE (PRODUCT) [https://www.blaze.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Create better marketing content in half the time, all in your brand
voice. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 BUILDING YOUR PERSONAL BRAINTRUST (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sahilbloom.com/newsletter/building-your-personal-braintrust/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Your braintrust is a group of 5-10 individuals that can keep you
accountable and hold you to excellence. Pixar famously had an
excellent trust that met regularly to cook up ideas and smoke out
mediocrity. A few key features of the members of the group are that
they‚Äôre unbiased, have diverse experiences, open to radical candor,
and have a vested interest in your success. 

 THE PLG TRAP (48 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://tomtunguz.com/plg-trap/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Tomas Tunguz and Oliver Jay, the former CRO at Asana, dive into
product-led growth. As your understanding of users‚Äô needs gets more
sophisticated, and your resources become greater, moving into a dual
approach of PLG and sales-led growth optimizes opportunity. In this
video, Tunguz and Jay discuss the signals to look out for that
indicate you‚Äôre ready to make that jump. 

 IN CONVERSATION WITH VINOD KHOSLA (35 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.khoslaventures.com/all-in-summit-in-conversation-with-vinod-khosla/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Vinod Khosla joins David Sacks, Chamath Palihapitiya, David
Friedberg, and Jason Calacanis at the All-In Summit to discuss AI, the
state of venture, and more. Khosla drops a number of VC truth bombs
about the value of their support. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 HOW TO IMPROVE CEO MENTAL HEALTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://markmacleod.me/how-to-improve-ceo-mental-health/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A timeline reminder. Look after yourself. Happy, healthy humans build
better companies for longer. 

 VCS: DID YOUR PORTFOLIO COMPANIES POTENTIALLY COMMIT TAX FRAUD? (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/vcs-portfolio-companies-tax-fraud-kruze-consulting/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Turns out startups aren‚Äôt actually eligible for these credits but
the IRS is offering a grace period for repayment. 

 5 INTERESTING LESSONS FROM SHOPIFY AT $6.8BN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/re5-interesting-learnings-from-shopify-at-6-8-billion/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Shopify‚Äôs growth slowed dramatically post-covid, but it‚Äôs back,
growing 31% YoY. Shopify really is a fintech, with payments and
financial services making up the majority of its revenue. Operating
efficiency is up, and it‚Äôs winning more enterprises through Shopify
Plus. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=36733afc-69a7-11ee-8968-6f5b3d294804&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697198419&t=1697198848&s=e55a63bc9ed3da3eea0f3e352b4ff1fad773aa7c568f1cf1dba87ebc4d48d1f3].