# Articles TLDR Founders 30-08-2023

Fig has raised $2m in venture dollars from YC, General Catalyst, and a
host of angel investors.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4e2f532a-471e-11ee-948e-d39ea89faf3a&pt=campaign&t=1693396990&s=9eb6b11461264f06ea7e264720f5dd8583abcbc1de194a17ac8c6df8a492428f]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-30

AWS + DRATA = FASTEST WAY TO SHIP COMPLIANT SOFTWARE. SOC 2, HIPAA,
GDPR (SPONSOR)
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

If you‚Äôre building on AWS, you could be saving hundreds of hours a
year. How? By joining the 2000+ AWS customers who achieve and maintain
compliance with Drata
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].
And now you can start with 30% off
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
your first Drata contract!
‚úÖ 80+ integrations to AWS infrastructure and other tools. ‚úÖ
Automated evidence collection and daily testing for 16+ frameworks
(SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more). ‚úÖ Real time compliance reporting.
‚úÖ Rated 4.9 by 508 G2 reviewers.

Get to compliance faster,
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
grow your business safely, and build trust in the market. All while
spending exponentially less time on tedious evidence collection and
security questionnaires.

Try Drata at 30% off the list price
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

AMAZON ACQUIRES YC STARTUP FIG (3 MINUTE)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/29/amazon-fig-command-line-terminal-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Fig has raised $2m in venture dollars from YC, General Catalyst, and a
host of angel investors. It‚Äôs unlikely Amazon broke the bank making
this acquisition, but it‚Äôs interesting to see another AI company get
acquired so early on in its journey by a larger company. 

OPENAI LAUNCHES CHATGPT FOR ENTERPRISE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://edition.cnn.com/2023/08/28/tech/chatgpt-enterprise-openai/index.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

OpenAI has launched a corporate version of ChatGPT with added features
and privacy safeguards called ChatGPT Enterprise. 

A BREAKDOWN OF INSTACART FOLLOWING ITS IPO FILING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/is-instacart-an-advertising-company/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

On Monday, we flagged that Instacart had filed for an IPO. Here‚Äôs a
quick look into the revenue of the business and how ads stack up
against ordering. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY B2B'S SHOULD OFFER A STARTUP DISCOUNT PROGRAM (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/too-good-to-be-true-why-b2bs-should/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Discounted programs can be an effective way of acquiring startup
customers early in their journey at low costs. Startups ultimately
become the enterprises of tomorrow. The hope is that as they scale,
their usage of your product scales also. This article debunks some of
the reservations you might have in your mind about discounted startup
programs. 

BUILDING A CULTURE OF EXCELLENCE (90 MINUTE AUDIO)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/building-a-culture-of-excellence-david-singleton-cto-of-stripe/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interview with David Singleton, the CTO of Stripe, in which he
covers hiring tactics, how to build a product-oriented engineering
team, strategies for maintaining developer productivity at scale, how
AI is changing how engineers work, and more. 

WHEN TO HIRE YOUR FIRST PM (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://staysaasy.com/product/2023/08/28/when-to-hire-your-first-pm.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Don‚Äôt be tempted to hire a product manager before $1m ARR. PMs
don‚Äôt write code or sell the product - they help to make good
decisions. You need resources and activity for a PM to create the most
impact, and you likely won‚Äôt have that at the earliest stages. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

SWIFTO (PRODUCT) [https://swifto.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Swifto uses AI to automate your site‚Äôs A/B testing. 

PIPIO (PRODUCT) [https://pipio.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Easily create videos in minutes with your own on-demand digital
actors. 

ASKMORE (PRODUCT) [https://askmore.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AskMore uses AI to conduct user interviews that run without you. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A GUIDE TO EMBEDDED PAYMENTS WITH MAXIMILIAN LEHMANN (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/a-guide-to-embedded-payments-with/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Traditionally only banks and fintech companies could distribute
payments, but companies like Lightspeed, Toast, and Shopify are
changing the game. We‚Äôre in the early innings of potential with
embedded finance. If you‚Äôre a SaaS platform now, you can embed and
monetize payments out of the gates. 

THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN A VP OF SALES AND A VP OF MARKETING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/the-one-about-the-vp-of-sales-that-didnt-want-to-work-with-the-vp-of-marketing/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Marketing‚Äôs job is to make sales easier. You can only do this with
an effective working relationship between the leaders of each
function. When hiring for either role, simple questions allow you to
test their opinions of the other function and get a window into their
thinking and future potential. 

THE TRADITIONAL FUNDING CYCLE DOESN'T WORK FOR CLIMATE TECH (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://myclimatejourney.substack.com/p/the-traditional-funding-cycle-doesnt/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Venture investment has been developed around companies that have
predictable stages and timelines for growth. Raise your Seed when
you‚Äôre at X level, move onto Series A at Y. For climate tech, these
rules simply don‚Äôt apply. They have long R&D periods and often
require a fair amount of capital before they can flip the monetization
switch. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

OTE FOR SALES REMAINS HIGH (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/the-curious-case-of-the-stubbornly-high-ote/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Despite cost-cutting, on-target earnings for sales reps across tech
have remained high to attract talent. But, as expected, attainment of
those targets has dropped in the current challenging market. 

WORSE, BUT UNIQUE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/worse-but-unique/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Sometimes it‚Äôs ok to be worse than the incumbents, as long as
you‚Äôre unique. 

RAISE LESS, BUILD MORE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://trohan.com/2023/08/20/raise-less-build-more/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A steady reliance on venture capital funding is a risky strategy.
Instead, focus on building an enduring company first and raise only
when it is a no-brainer decision. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4e2f532a-471e-11ee-948e-d39ea89faf3a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693396826&t=1693396990&s=377cc9364fada8252520393334f44064fdee220d5fd688fdb1bd79f7eea8bab0].