# Articles TLDR Founders 24-05-2023

Windows 11 will soon launch features like Windows Copilot, Bing Chat
plugins, the Hybrid AI loop, Dev Home, and AI experiences in the
Microsoft Store¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=88436f02-fa15-11ed-be4c-174ce500c4c0&pt=campaign&t=1684930061&s=ef9b279e490e7645484873a36de554a2cfe9c9830c0ca56cd70b14342304e820]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-24

BUILD COMPLIANT SOFTWARE - ON AUTOPILOT (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


Don‚Äôt wait for a potential prospect to request your SOC 2 report.
Get audit-ready with Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:

	*
Ditch the manual screenshots and spreadsheets for a smoother,
automated workflow.

	*
Simplify complex frameworks like GDPR, SOC 2, ISO 27001 and HIPAA,
with pre-mapped controls and requirements
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

	*
Communicate directly with your auditor and simplify your audit
experience through the Audit Hub
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

	*
Access 75+ integrations: cloud service providers, security awareness
solutions, developer tools.

	*
Save up to 200+ hours of repetitive work.

Try Drata today with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

HIGH-FLYING SAAS STARTUPS' SURGE WON'T CHANGE THE VALUATIONS IN
VENTURELAND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/high-flying-saascos/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Top publicly traded software companies have seen a surge in stock
prices due to falling interest rates and expanded multiples, even
though most of these companies reported weak earnings and projected
weak outlooks. 

WHAT‚ÄôS REALLY DIFFERENT IN SAAS IN 2023 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/whats-different-in-saas-in-2023?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin explains that in 2023, SaaS has become more challenging
compared to previous years, with tighter budgets, increased
competition, and a shift away from the ease of growth seen in recent
times, requiring industry professionals to adjust to the new normal
and understand that the sales process is supposed to be harder in
SaaS. 

MICROSOFT CO-PILOT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://blogs.windows.com/windowsdeveloper/2023/05/23/bringing-the-power-of-ai-to-windows-11-unlocking-a-new-era-of-productivity-for-customers-and-developers-with-windows-copilot-and-dev-home/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Windows 11 will soon launch features like Windows Copilot, Bing Chat
plugins, the Hybrid AI loop, Dev Home, and AI experiences in the
Microsoft Store to help users get more out of their experience. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

KILL OVERKILL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/kill-overkill-4689acac?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Fried talks about how avoiding overkill is essential in
business, as it involves eliminating unnecessary complexity,
over-engineering, overspending, over-promising, and overthinking,
allowing for greater progress with less effort and more focus on what
truly matters. 

COPING WITH DOWN ROUNDS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/point-nine-news/coping-with-down-rounds-9b69b2059b66?utm_source=tldrfounders]


VC fundraising in the current market is difficult. Investors have
become more selective and valuations have dropped. This article looks
at what makes a distressed funding round and how converges and scaled
downs can help founders avoid them. It also explains liquidation
preferences, investor protection, and pricing adjustments. 

ALIGNING FOUNDER SUPERPOWERS WITH PRODUCT CYCLES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/23/founder-superpowers-product-cycles-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


a16z Partner, Anish Acharya, examines how generative AI will involve
the leverage of technologists and product pickers in the early stages
of the cycle. It discusses the contrast between the ‚Äòinstallation
phase‚Äô and the 'deployment phase', using SaaS and the Facebook Dev
Platform/iPhone App Store as examples. They encourage product
designers to take advantage of the current unstable platform surface
of generative AI. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

COMMON PAPER (PRODUCT)
[https://commonpaper.com?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Free standardized documents for NDAs, Terms of Services, Design,
Partnerships, Professional Services and more. Similar to a SAFE but
for commercial contracts. 

HOW I USE AI + NO CODE TO VALIDATE ANY SAAS IDEA (10 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSMxdBVTcLg?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Simon H√∏iberg does an amazing job with this step-by-step breakdown on
how to validate any SaaS product for less than $100. 

BETTERLEGAL (PRODUCT)
[https://betterlegal.com/assistant?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Simplify legal language for everyone. Transform complicated legalese
into straightforward language in seconds. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HITEN SHAH ON STARTUP SUCCESS METRICS (TWEET)
[https://twitter.com/hnshah/status/1660428412367044609] 

It‚Äôs not about the size of the company anymore. Profit per employee
or something similar will likely be the metric of choice until capital
is free flowing again. 

GOOGLE'S GENERATIVE AI UPDATES WILL SHATTER ORGANIC SEO AND MARKETING
PIPELINE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/googles-generative-ai-updates-will-shatter-organic-seo-and-marketing-pipeline-8ad656a0e4ec?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The author discusses how community-led growth is the new strategy
entrepreneurs should adopt to navigate Google's upcoming Generative AI
updates and the decline of organic search traffic, utilizing the
community flywheel, events, and content to control the top-of-funnel
pipeline. 

HERE‚ÄôS HOW TO GET GOOD CLIENTS WHO PAY $10,000 WITHOUT QUESTIONING
YOU (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/entrepreneur-s-handbook/heres-how-to-get-good-clients-who-pay-10-000-without-questioning-you-1e0ed357c0f2?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Launching a high-ticket product online changes your mindset and
requires different approaches than selling lower-priced products.
Success comes from building a community and understanding what
problems people want solved. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

RETHINKING THE FAILURE NARRATIVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/Il6aM?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Failure, though seen as necessary for entrepreneurship, drains
resources, has a psychological toll, and can lead to complacency, so
instead of romanticizing failure, we should strike a balance by
learning from setbacks while striving for success through careful
planning and unwavering commitment. 

BE A PERSON WHO DOES FUN THINGS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/05/23/be-a-person-who-does-fun-things/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Founding a company demands relentless dedication, which can be
overwhelming. However, planning for and enjoying small adventures
beyond work can boost both your mental well-being and your company's
success. Embrace fun activities and become a well-rounded individual
to thrive in both personal and professional realms. 

WHY YOU CAN‚ÄôT GET ANYTHING DONE (AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT) (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/swlh/why-you-cant-get-anything-done-and-what-to-do-about-it-48ed63391dfd?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The planning fallacy explains why even the simplest tasks take longer
than you expect ‚Äî and it happens to the best and brightest. 

A.I. TOOK MY EDITING JOB (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/swlh/a-i-took-my-editing-job-6e83f6a4aff1?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The author of this article lost a profitable client due to the rise of
AI writing bots. Despite the setback, they see it as an opportunity to
pursue new ventures and connect with readers on a personal level. Most
people will have to reinvent themselves in the new world of AI. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=88436f02-fa15-11ed-be4c-174ce500c4c0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684929636&t=1684930061&s=5d50da9abdba7c6dc2ff072af9438bb08ac9a0b78fb0a2f47d6953f39c1bfec1].


¬†