# Articles TLDR Founders 10-05-2023

Googles annual developer conference kicks off Wednesday with the
opening keynote.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a7907a56-ef09-11ed-80cc-3564bdae080d&pt=campaign&t=1683720434&s=3850e9714dd6c78dd59427f143fa06eac58261435a9176a453f671124870f354]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Divvy]
[https://getdivvy.com/lp/accounting/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsored-email&utm_campaign=WF-2023-05-19-National-Acct-Day-Promo]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-10

GET $200 FOR NATIONAL ACCOUNTING DAY (SPONSOR)
[https://getdivvy.com/lp/accounting/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsored-email&utm_campaign=WF-2023-05-19-National-Acct-Day-Promo]


Reward yourself for a job well done this year. No, not a greeting card
or a team lunch, but a cool $200 bucks.
Finance professionals love how our easy-to-use (and free) software
gives them:

	*
Robust budget controls

	*
Time-saving automation

	*
Flexible business credit and corporate cards¬†¬†

	*
An easier way to manage spend + grow their business

Schedule a demo of Divvy, BILL‚Äôs spend and expense management
solution, before National Accounting Day on May 19th and we‚Äôll send
you a $200 Amazon gift card. Cheers to you!

Claim my offer
[https://getdivvy.com/lp/accounting/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=sponsored-email&utm_campaign=WF-2023-05-19-National-Acct-Day-Promo]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WANT TO RAISE MONEY FROM VCS? DERISK THINGS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/what-should-a-startup-know-before-rejecting-an-outside-investor/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The ever-prolific Jason Lemkin offers up tips on raising from VCs that
resonate during good times and bad. Spoiler alert: share, be
transparent and be realistic. 

IT'S TIME TO BUILD FOR AMERICA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/09/its-time-to-build-for-america-announcing-our-500m-commitment-to-companies-building-in-american-dynamism/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A16Z has announced a commitment of over $500 million to support
companies that are building for American Dynamism. The post touches on
their investment plan across various verticals and includes an
inspiring video highlighting the companies at the forefront of
American Dynamism today. 

GOOGLE I/O 2023 KICKS OFF TODAY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-io-2023-this-week-heres-how-to-watch/]


Google's annual developer conference kicks off Wednesday with the
opening keynote. Here's how to live stream it all. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ON HIRING, REHIRING, AND ONE QUESTION TO ANSWER THEM ALL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/on-hiring-rehiring-and-one-question-to-answer-them-all-5db97bcb?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Fried suggests that you should consider hiring an employee
twice: once initially and then again after their first year to
evaluate their performance and potential trajectory within the
company. What are some non-traditional ways to evaluate employee
performance and potential trajectory? 

WHY YOU NEED A NEWSLETTER AND HOW TO BUILD ONE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/xArCk?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Kurtis Pykes explains that having an email newsletter is a valuable
tool to build trust and authority with your audience, provide
personalized & control over your messages, leading to a faster path to
monetization. Have you thought about creating a newsletter? 

CREATOR FLYWHEELS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://nathanbarry.com/creator-flywheels/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The article discusses the concept of "creator flywheels," which are
self-reinforcing cycles that help creators build and grow their
audiences and businesses. By consistently creating content and
engaging with their audience, creators can establish trust, grow their
following, and increase revenue over time. The author emphasizes the
importance of creating habits that contribute to the flywheel's
momentum, such as regularly publishing content, launching products,
and engaging with the community. By staying committed to these habits,
creators can maintain and accelerate the growth of their flywheel,
ultimately leading to a successful and sustainable business. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

WHO NEEDS A DATA SCIENTIST? LET CODE INTERPRETER DO THE WORK FOR YOU
(6 MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/2Ysy3] 

The Code Interpreter by Microsoft simplifies data analysis with plain
English instructions, enabling non-technical individuals to perform
complex tasks without coding experience. This can eliminate the need
for busy engineering teams to assist business leaders. 

FEATHERY (PRODUCT) [https://ai.feathery.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Feathery is an AI form assistant that lets you create high-quality
forms in just a few seconds. 

PITCHPAL (PRODUCT) [https://www.pitchpal.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


PitchPal is an AI tool to generate funding applications for your
startup. 

HYRABLE (PRODUCT)
[https://hyrable.webflow.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Hyrable uses AI to create powerful job descriptions. 

DRAG & DROP YOUR AUTH (SPONSOR)
[https://www.descope.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-founders-2023]


You know what really sucks? Typing in your password ten times a day.
Go passwordless with Descope
[https://www.descope.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-founders-2023]
and onboard users like it‚Äôs 2023.
Add passwordless auth and user management
[https://www.descope.com/?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-founders-2023]
to your app with no-code workflows, SDKs, and APIs. Increase user
conversions, improve login security, and save developer time. It‚Äôs
secure and frictionless. Get one year free of charge (for eligible
startups)
[https://www.descope.com/for-startups?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr-founders-2023]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SUCCESSFUL STARTUP PIVOTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655913013864480768.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Your first idea isn't always your best one. This tweet thread
showcases 16 different companies that iterated their way to success. 

EXECUTIVE COACHING CAN BE YOUR SECRET WEAPON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/coaching-can-be-your-secret-weapon?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Executive coaching can improve leadership abilities by providing
outside perspective and feedback, but finding a great coach can be
difficult, and it requires preparation and effort to get the most out
of the experience. Sean Byrnes gives a breakdown on how to make
coaching successful. Have you thought about getting an executive
coach? 

WHY FEW ORGANIZATIONS ADOPT SYSTEMS THINKING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://thesystemsthinker.com/why-few-organizations-adopt-systems-thinking/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article discusses the reasons behind the limited adoption of
systems thinking in organizations. It highlights that people often
struggle with understanding complex systems and prefer simple
cause-and-effect explanations. Additionally, our educational systems
and organizational structures tend to promote linear thinking and
siloed approaches. The author emphasizes the importance of adopting
systems thinking to tackle complex problems and offers suggestions,
such as integrating systems thinking into education and training
programs, fostering a culture of collaboration, and creating
interdisciplinary teams within organizations to help promote systems
thinking. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PALANTIR STOCK SOARS 21%, SAYS DEMAND FOR AI UNPRECEDENTED (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/DTlqq] 

Data analysis company Palantir Technologies expects to be profitable
every quarter in 2023 and reported revenue growth in Q1 2021, driven
by demand for its new AI products. 

FUNDRAISING BY VC FIRMS IS AT A 10-YEAR LOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/fundraising-by-vc-firms-themselves-is-at-a-10-year-low-what-that-means/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article discusses the trend of venture capital (VC) firms raising
fewer funds over the past decade. This decline in fundraising could
impact the availability of capital for startups and the overall
investing landscape. The author suggests that one reason for the drop
in fundraising might be the increasing competition from alternative
funding sources such as angel investors, syndicates, and crowdfunding
platforms. Additionally, the recent rise of mega-funds and high
valuations may have made it more challenging for smaller VC firms to
compete. 

COMMANDMENTS FOR RAISING MONEY IN A CHALLENGING MARKET (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655184461351522304.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A thread on a16z‚Äôs 16 commandments for raising money in a
challenging market. 

EXPERIENCES WON‚ÄôT MAKE YOU HAPPIER THAN POSSESSIONS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/buying-experiences-doesn-t-make-you-happier-than-possessions?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article challenges the popular belief that experiences bring more
happiness than possessions, suggesting that both can contribute to
happiness when aligned with one's values, interests, and long-term
goals. The author encourages readers to focus on understanding their
personal values and investing in what genuinely brings them joy,
rather than blindly following popular notions of happiness. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a7907a56-ef09-11ed-80cc-3564bdae080d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683720061&t=1683720434&s=3a5aefaab0920f58283f10374dca2e6a892ec79415ebd96a1f743dca96962e43].


¬†