# Articles TLDR Founders 31-05-2023

Apple is expected to release a new Apple Reality Pro headset at
WWDC2023  

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e9e79744-ff86-11ed-83d0-19ea4f8a1a62&pt=campaign&t=1685534876&s=38ade450be1cd9a22bfa076ed85eae860227a4b783bc1c65ac224494915d93cf]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Modern Treasury]
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/how-to-build-a-digital-wallet-ebook?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_founders_531_fintect_products]

 TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-31

FREE EBOOK: BUILD A DIGITAL WALLET AND TWO OTHER FINTECH PRODUCTS IN
<1 DAY (SPONSOR)
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/how-to-build-a-digital-wallet-ebook?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_founders_531_fintect_products]


Building fintech products is hard. But with a few shortcuts, you can
build a functional app in less than a day. Modern Treasury
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/how-to-build-a-digital-wallet-ebook?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_founders_531_fintect_products]
provides simple RESTful APIs to integrate multiple payment methods,
track and reconcile payments, and record balances in real time.
This eBook walks through 3 examples—a digital wallet, an escrow
product, and an invoice factoring service. Get step-by-step
instructions for using the Modern Treasury API
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/how-to-build-a-digital-wallet-ebook?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_founders_531_fintect_products]
to build these apps from scratch, including API call examples and
payment ops architecture.

Get the free eBook now
[https://www.moderntreasury.com/how-to-build-a-digital-wallet-ebook?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=tldr_founders_531_fintect_products]
to learn how to build better fintech products, faster.

📈 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

HOW TO BE SUCCESSFUL (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.samaltman.com/how-to-be-successful?utm_source=tldrfounders]


While this is almost 4 years old, it’s recently resurfaced as a
great read from Sam Altman written well before he was center-stage on
the AI world referendum tour. Ignoring the obvious quips around “was
this generated by ChatGPT?!”, it has several great insightful
nuggets worth a revisit. 

APPLE WWDC 2023 IS NEXT WEEK -- HERE'S WHAT TO EXPECT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/30/apple-wwdc-2023-is-next-week-heres-what-we-expect/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Apple is expected to release a new Apple Reality Pro headset at
WWDC2023. Reports say it may use passthrough technology and will have
4K displays manufactured by Sony. iOS 17 will likely see feature
updates including smart home functionality on lock screen, live
lyrics, additional functionality for Dynamic Island on iPhone, and
revamped home screen, widgets, and crown uses for watchOS 10. 

A NEW GENERATION OF STARTUP FOUNDERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/dKFZG?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

15-year-old Eric Zhu broke into the venture capital world with his
daring methods and intricate knowledge. He is now co-managing
Bachmanity Capital and has raised $1m for his company Aviato. 

🧠 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

10+ OF THE TOP MISTAKES SALES REPS MAKE … THAT KILL DEALS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/10-of-the-top-mistakes-sales-reps-make-that-kill-deals/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin analyzes how not providing value before making an ask and
not knowing the competitors can hurt a sales rep's performance. It
also proposes ways to improve the onboarding of new reps and sales
managers. 

HOW TO DEAL WITH LOW PERFORMERS ON A MOB PROGRAMMING TEAM? (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/05/30/how-to-deal-with-low-performers-on-a-mob-programming-team/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Mob programming teams require a unique approach to handling
under-performers, involving identifying the under-performers,
providing coaching for them, and collecting data to make the case for
termination. 

GROWING BEYOND SERIES A — YOUR STARTUP HIRING ROADMAP (9 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/KADYT?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author provides strategies on finding talent, onboarding and HR
processes that can help startups reach their goals. 

⚒️ 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

DOCUMENSO (PRODUCT) [https://documenso.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The open source DocuSign alternative. 

MOMENTUM PAGE (PRODUCT)
[https://page.mmntm.build/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Launch your website in seconds, get users in minutes. 

Y COMBINATOR - THE LATEST STARTUP SCHOOL TALKS ARE NOW AVAILABLE TO
ALL (VIDEO)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/blog/startup-school-videos/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Y Combinator has released the final talks from their Startup School
event, which featured 10,000+ students and discussed topics like
evaluating ideas, finding co-founders, and launching MVPs. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOURLY WORKERS ARE IN HIGH DEMAND, AS ARE SOME STARTUPS CATERING TO
THEM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/job-market/venture-funding-startups-hourly-workers/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Hourly and gig workers have become increasingly common, with over 76
million in the US alone. Startups and companies have been investing in
the sector. Employers are facing labor shortages, with some raising
hourly wages, and startups providing tech solutions to improve the
onboarding process. 

I HAVE RUN 4 WEBSITES FOR 12 MONTHS — HERE IS WHAT I LEARNED (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/EiUrD?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

This article recounts the author's experience running multiple
websites in the last year, compiling lessons into seven key points.
These lessons include differentiation in website performance, using
affiliate programs, and the importance of developing diverse content. 

STARTUP JOURNEY: THE DECISION TO GO FROM BUZZY TO BORING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/@AllenOsgood/startup-journey-the-decision-to-go-from-buzzy-to-boring-ee5e8999e95d?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In the last few years, there has been an increase in buzzy startups,
but what happens when the buzz wears off and it hasn't turned into a
profitable business? This article discusses the importance of making
the switch from buzzy to boring. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

TODAY'S YOUTH HAVE A BETTER UNDERSTANDING OF SOCIAL MEDIA THAN YOU (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1662821037808181252.html] 

Young people today are using separate incognito-style social media
accounts called "spam accounts" to show their authentic selves. 

THE DANGEROUS MISCONCEPTION FOUNDERS HAVE ABOUT THEIR MARKET (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://thebootstrappedfounder.com/the-dangerous-misconception-founders-have-about-their-market/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Marketing is context-specific, as each customer is unique and requires
tailoring to reach them. To yield positive results, you must focus on
understanding and addressing their unique needs. 

I CANCELED 80% OF MY REOCCURRING 1:1S ... I’M EVER GOING BACK. (4
MIN READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663372538884542464.html] 

After finding his heavily booked calendar untenable, the author
canceled most of his 1:1s and replaced them with weekly prioritized
meetings, ad hoc 1:1s, longer meetings with his senior team, time for
deep work, and open org huddles. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e9e79744-ff86-11ed-83d0-19ea4f8a1a62&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685534452&t=1685534876&s=aad3b2137b45500a6a91de7a1d313d1b084a866d9d0af5da35ccd8b8aa19618b].


 