# Articles TLDR Founders 23-08-2023

Your CAC is a reflection of your sales and marketing spend to acquire
a new user.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=fc3b5e18-418e-11ee-ae69-a14743777d52&pt=campaign&t=1692792295&s=73bcd80d27893450e2e0ade3083779cad442d3c9d0e995d862ed2cac0181cab8]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-23

üí§ ARE YOU SLEEPING ON AWS COMPLIANCE? (SPONSOR)
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

When you‚Äôre fighting against all odds to get your product to market,
compliance might not seem like the most important issue. But you
can‚Äôt afford to ignore it, either.
If you‚Äôre on AWS, There‚Äôs a way to achieve continuous SOC 2, ISO
27001 or HIPAA compliance
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
without sacrificing your product velocity.

Drata
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
is the automated compliance platform that does it all for you ‚Äî from
collecting evidence to real-time reports.

Start now with 30% off (!) and never worry about compliance again.
[https://try.drata.com/aws?utm_campaign=DR_part-cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WHY DO INVESTORS CARE SO MUCH ABOUT LTV:CAC? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/08/22/why-do-investors-care-so-much-about-ltvcac/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Your CAC is a reflection of your sales and marketing spend to acquire
a new user. The higher your LTV:CAC ratio, the more efficient that
spending is. The more efficient it is, the more capital you‚Äôll have
to fund research and development to improve your product and
continuously increase the LTV of your users. It‚Äôs a flywheel, and
investors use this to directly value your company‚Äôs future
potential. 

AUTOMATING CREATIVITY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.oneusefulthing.org/p/automating-creativity/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Wharton staged an idea-generation contest, pitting AI against a group
of students. Human judges assessed idea quality. Of the 40 best ideas,
35 were created by ChatGPT. Oh boy. Thankfully, two other papers
covered in this article mention that humans using AI tools can create
even more powerful outcomes. 

SECURING AI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://greylock.com/greymatter/securing-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The rush to AI is palpable and the inherent security challenges are of
a complexity never seen before. As with every new technology, we need
to think about how it's going to be weaponized WHILE it is
hockey-sticking. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE PERILS OF CUSTOMER SELECTION (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/the-perils-of-customer-selection/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Finding your first customers is a combination between intuition and
strategy. Your customers dictate your trajectory. Great logos
influence how others perceive you and they also dictate how you build
your product and price it. If you choose the right customers early on
(and they choose you!), it‚Äôll act as a force multiplier to your
success. 

STRATEGIES FOR SUCCESS AS A CEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://markmacleod.me/cracking-the-ceo-code-strategies-for-success-in-the-toughest-exec-role/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

There‚Äôs no clear formal education that prepares you to be a CEO.
Embrace a mindset of constant learning, seek support from fellow
founders, assemble a strong team, prioritize self-care, and appreciate
the unique opportunity to build something from scratch. 

THE B2B SAAS GOLDEN QUADRANT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/the-b2b-saas-golden-quadrant/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

High-velocity sales motions aim for efficiency and quick returns, with
shorter sales cycles and lower average deal sizes. On the other hand,
enterprise field sales motions involve longer lead times and costly
sales reps, resulting in higher net dollar retention rates. The ideal
approach would combine the best of both strategies. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

12 RESPONSE TEMPLATES FOR TRICKY CUSTOMER SERVICE EMAILS (20 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.helpscout.com/customer-service-examples/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Something something Pareto principle. How you efficiently handle
tricky customers will enable you to spend more time on your best
customers. Here‚Äôs a series of templates to tackle common customer
escalations. 

CANVAS (PRODUCT) [https://canvasapp.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Canvas connects all of your data so you can fully understand your
startup. 

KYPSO (PRODUCT) [https://kypso.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Ship better products using an AI copilot to manage and scale your
team‚Äôs operations across everyday tools. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW GAMES TYPICALLY GET BUILT (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/how-games-typically-get-built/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As gaming gets increasingly more mainstream, and venture capital
dollars flood to the space, should we think about building or joining
a gaming startup? This article explores how building games stacks up
against traditional software development. Hint: they‚Äôre pretty
different. 

YC‚ÄôS GROUP PARTNERS SHARE THEIR WORST INVESTOR MEETINGS (26 MINUTE
WATCH)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/blog/ycs-group-partners-share-their-worst-investor-meetings/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

YC‚Äôs operating team shares stories from their time approaching
investors back when they were founders themselves. I can‚Äôt help but
feel that these behaviors simply wouldn‚Äôt fly these days. 

LAYOFF LESSONS: FOUR THINGS I WISH I KNEW (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://mollyg.substack.com/p/layoffs/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Layoffs involve making decisions between different versions of bad.
There‚Äôs no scenario where someone isn‚Äôt unhappy. Ask hard
questions to ensure you only make one round of layoffs and focus your
energy on supporting and motivating the employees who will remain with
the company. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE ART OF SETTING GOALS AND MAKING PROGRESS (5 MINUTE WATCH)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUWjVBWneJM/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Set aggressive goals, define your category, ensure you have feedback
loops, and expect to fail at a few things. 

HOW TO AVOID KPI PSYCHOSIS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.promaton.com/how-to-avoid-kpi-psychosis-in-your-organization-5ffc83967f2b?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A practical guide to a good measurement culture in today‚Äôs
data-obsessed world. 

INTELLIGENT VS. SMART (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/intelligent-vs-smart/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

There is a difference between intelligence and smarts: while
intelligence involves technical abilities and logic, smarts require
empathy, communication, and understanding emotional nuances. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=fc3b5e18-418e-11ee-ae69-a14743777d52&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692792127&t=1692792295&s=a2d9101544aa0d861a99e1e6d74b1bc232ff47e093d61a23671070ceaaed57bf].