# Articles TLDR Founders 11-09-2023

LLMs are amazing, but they require immense amounts of hardware¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a73d44ec-508b-11ee-add8-cb3a94023dd9&pt=campaign&t=1694433802&s=8a6bc476b9c477e1a94930f8e6efbfb686ee909278d803305530a9b2ef6ab154]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-11

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

Q2 E-COMMERCE REVIEW (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kjlabuz.substack.com/p/158-harvest-season?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The e-commerce industry put in a strong Q2, which looks set to
continue in Q3, even with the fresh competition for consumer spending
from travel and entertainment. 

WHISPERS OF THE FUTURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/running-llms-locally/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

LLMs are amazing, but they require immense amounts of hardware. For
this reason, the software will evolve to have a hardware architecture
where some of the model is processed on the computer and some in the
cloud. 

BIG TECH ISN‚ÄôT SHELLING OUT FOR ACQUISITIONS LIKE IT USED TO (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbinsights.com/research/technology-acquisitions-big-tech-2023-q2/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


There were only 18 acquisitions by Big Tech in Q2, an 18-quarter low. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE IMPACT OF GEN AI ON ENTERPRISE SAAS TODAY (30 MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/the-impact-of-gen-ai-on-enterprise-saas-today-842aea6c4465?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A deep dive into the impacts of Gen AI on enterprise SaaS today. It
looks at the impact on both new Gen AI startups and existing ones. 

TYPES OF INDEPENDENT BOARD MEMBERS FOR STARTUPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/09/09/types-of-independent-board-members-for-startups/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Quick and helpful recap on the types of independent board members to
be thinking about when considering growing your board. You always have
to be thinking about board dynamics. Never make a snap decision on
bringing an independent member on. 

DEAR SAASTR: HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO A VC WHO SAYS THEY DON‚ÄôT INVEST
IN YOUR SPACE? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-how-do-you-respond-to-a-vc-who-says-they-dont-invest-in-your-space/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


We hear this time and again from founders who seem to take it
personally or wonder if they should try and convince the VC of their
value. Pro tip: Don‚Äôt. Just move on. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

BOOL VIDEO (PRODUCT) [https://boolv.video/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Create top-notch videos to skyrocket your sales. 

M1 PROJECT (PRODUCT) [https://m1-project.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Research your ideal customer up to 80% faster. 

ALGOMO (PRODUCT) [https://www.algomo.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Build custom ChatGPT-like chatbots for your website instantly. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ALL YOU NEED TO BECOME A SERVANT LEADER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://effyai.substack.com/p/all-you-need-to-become-a-servant?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Exceptional leadership could be the difference between success and
failure for your startup. Servant leadership, a leadership style that
empowers employees based on the premise that if employees are
satisfied and cared for, they will be more motivated to give their
best, could be the leadership style your startup needs. 

EXAMINING ANDREESSEN HOROWITZ‚ÄôS RECORD (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23697708/andreessen-horowitz-a16z-investing-tech?utm_source=tldrfounders]


This article examines a16z‚Äôs method for evaluating startups both in
the boom times where they did very well and the current bust times
where they aren‚Äôt doing as well. 

A REFLECTION ON A DECADE: 10 LESSONS AFTER 10 YEARS OF VC (3 MINUTE
READ) [https://versionone.vc/10-years/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

While we focus on founders here, it is helpful to see how VCs think,
especially over the long haul. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STOP SAYING ‚ÄúFAIL‚Äù (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/fail/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Failure isn‚Äôt a word that should be in your vocabulary if you want
to become the best version of yourself. 

PROFOUND BELIEFS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://steveblank.com/2023/09/05/profound-beliefs/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


When you are building your startup, you want to have profound beliefs
- strong beliefs that are validated or modified by evidence gathered
outside the building. 

SEED MARKET EVOLUTION DURING A DOWNTURN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://semilshah.com/2023/09/09/seed-market-evolution-during-a-downturn/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Despite initial expectations of reduced risk capital and lower
valuations in early-stage startups in 2022, seed-stage valuations have
held steady or increased. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=a73d44ec-508b-11ee-add8-cb3a94023dd9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694433642&t=1694433802&s=9976637cb9030b3949f5fbe955430d9d584f5693fd9a4b0b2b9cd7d2d9cb740c].