# Articles TLDR Founders 26-05-2023

Nvidia stock surged nearly 30% after posting earnings¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=612849a6-fba0-11ed-99b5-b9e700b4362c&pt=campaign&t=1685102893&s=7519416786f44e2d9bd1d18139734d0336b86f7f87c53141e178586a6dce7db7]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-26

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

AI CANON (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/25/ai-canon/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

AI is moving fast and in true a16z form, they break down the basics
and give you a compendium of reading resources and research on the
topic. Did we mention this is moving quickly? 

NVIDIA WORTH 250X MORE IN 10 YEARS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/nvda-250x/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

With enthusiasm for machine learning, investor appetite for AI
exposure, Nvidia stock surged nearly 30% after posting earnings - the
single largest value change in a stock ever in dollar terms. 

BOOTSTRAP VS FUNDRAISE: SUCCESS AND OPTIONALITY FOR VIRAL AI COMPANIES
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/eladgil/status/1660797951785209857] 

Elad Gil breaks down his thoughts on bootstrapping AI companies. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHAT I‚ÄôVE LEARNED ABOUT THE PITFALLS OF HIRING AFTER HOLDING 1000
INTERVIEWS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/what-ive-learned-about-the-pitfalls-of-hiring-after-holding-1000-interviews-3922cad7c188?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Good read for the post-COVID hiring landscape and never hurts as a
refresher on things to think about when hiring like ‚Äúdon‚Äôt cut the
interview short, ever.‚Äù 

ACQUISITIONS - IF YOU DO SELL, TRY TO MAKE SURE IT‚ÄôS AT A LOCAL
MAXIMUM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/saas-acquisitions-if-you-sell-do-it-at-a-local-maximum/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


It‚Äôs so easy to get wrapped up in the here-and-now when an offer
comes in. Taking into account your current personal circumstances as
well as what the ‚Äúlocal maximum‚Äù may be is just smart when it
comes to surveying your options. Having been in this boat, I wish I
had heard this advice. 

BUILDING A STARTUP FROM SCRATCH: MY MISTAKES AS CTO (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://egor-romanov.medium.com/building-a-startup-from-scratch-my-mistakes-as-cto-b20b463e0058?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The author shares their experience of building a startup from scratch,
starting with assembling a team and developing a microservices
architecture for the backend. Along the way they had some challenges.
They then introduce Supabase, an open-source platform that simplifies
backend development, and discuss how it could have benefited their
startup by replacing various microservices and reducing infrastructure
costs. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

MACRO PDF EDITOR (PRODUCT)
[https://www.macro.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Navigate PDFs like web pages and edit them. 

BOOK SHORT: BOARDS THAT LEAD (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/05/book-short-boards-that-lead?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Matt Blumberg is the author of several books around CEOs and
leadership and he‚Äôs talking up a new book about ‚ÄúBoards That
Lead‚Äù by Ram Charan. Definitely more than a read for startup boards
it does have some good insights founding CEOs can leverage. 

HOW DUOLINGO GREW ITS TIKTOK TO 6.6M FOLLOWERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/how-duolingo-grew-its-tiktok-to-66m?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Say what you will about TikTok, all the kids are on it. The influencer
market continues to grow and seeing how Duolingo has been able to
leverage TikTok is really fascinating, especially as they fight off AI
in their core business. TikTok is potentially a game changer if you
can find the right influencers to leverage. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MOST PEOPLE DON‚ÄôT QUIT JOBS. THEY QUIT COMPANIES WITH INVISIBLE
CAREER PATHS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/6Q6gk?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

This article discusses the reality of career paths in the corporate
world and how they often lack structure and guarantees, leading to
people becoming disengaged and creating their own paths for success. 

BOOTSTRAPPING A [PROFITABLE] $15K/MONTH SIMPLE NEWSLETTER SAAS WITH NO
EXPERIENCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.starterstory.com/stories/buttondown] 

An entrepreneur details his journey in starting a newsletter-based
SaaS business, investing only $2,000 despite budgeting for $5,000.
This effort led to a monthly income of $15,000, all with no previous
industry experience. 

THREE SIMPLE STEPS TO SURVIVE AS A BURNED-OUT ENTREPRENEUR (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/swlh/three-simple-steps-to-survive-as-a-burned-out-entrepreneur-d6c6c6560841?utm_source=tldrfounders]


When faced with the challenges of a lengthy sales cycle and the lack
of a viable solution in sight, entrepreneur Aurora took three
commitments to heart that allowed them to come out the other side in a
better place for the company: sleep more, reflect daily, and be
active. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EXPECTATIONS DEBT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/expectations-debt/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


When Amazon's stock suddenly plummeted, Amazon employees in Seattle
found out the hard way how a surging stockroom can quickly become a
liability when reality catches up. High expectations often lead to
misfortunes, like a psychological debt that requires repaying. 

UNVEILING THE SEO STRATEGY BEHIND THE RAPID SUCCESS WITH HEADSHOTPRO
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1661714989684764673.html] 

Kyleigh breaks down how SEO helped Danny Postma achieve success with
his business Headshot Pro, making over $300,000 since its launch in
March. His marketing strategy relies heavily on SEO, driving 3000
organic visitors to his website every month. 

WHY BRANDING DOES MATTER (1 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/Shwinnabego/status/1661801272217927680] 

@Shwinnabego provides valuable insights on how effective branding can
make your product stand out, accompanied by compelling examples. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=612849a6-fba0-11ed-99b5-b9e700b4362c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685102440&t=1685102893&s=bee3295db2907def40c04d23d64c48c85004f69ec723e10115fa851afbb9b1b9].


¬†