# Articles TLDR Founders 16-08-2023

The FinTech market in Latin America is growing rapidly¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3c021848-3c1c-11ee-ab78-f50f721004ab&pt=campaign&t=1692187402&s=1d22783f4cf8a4bd9c9446f776286f4276b0406a20b324ac8746c0af32fe2e4d]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Merge]
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Founder]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-16

POWER YOUR APP WITH YOUR CUSTOMERS‚Äô DATA ‚Äî WITHOUT BUILDING
INTEGRATIONS (SPONSOR)
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Founder]

In B2B, more integrations = more potential customers. But if you build
connectors all day, you‚Äôll fall behind on features.
That‚Äôs why the best startups don‚Äôt build integrations ‚Äî they use
Merge
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Founder]
instead.

Merge is a single API that powers 180+ customer-facing product
integrations with customer data
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Founder]:
accounting, CRM, HR and payroll, ATS, file storage, ticketing,
marketing automation, ‚Ä¶

For example:

	* Assemble uses Merge to pull in accounting data and make headcount
planning easier for their customers

	* Drata uses Merge to read and write tickets to track and audit
customer compliance controls

	* Causal uses Merge to forecast customers‚Äô future revenue and
upsell potentials from their CRM data

Sign up for free and never write an integration again
[https://merge.dev/sponsorships/tldr?utm_campaign=TLDR%20Q3%202023&utm_source=sponsorship&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_content=Founder]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

REVOLUT SAYS LATIN AMERICA IS A KEY REGION FOR GROWTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2023/08/211302-revolut-says-latin-america-is-key-region-for-growth/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The FinTech market in Latin America is growing rapidly, driven by
increasing demand for online banking solutions, favorable
demographics, and an underserved population. Revolut launched their
operations in Brazil in May and they‚Äôre looking to Latam for their
next stage of growth.

SCI-FI IDEA BANK (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/sci-fi-idea-bank/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Looking for your next startup? Ideas for new technologies almost
always appear in sci-fi before they show up in real life.

ELON‚ÄôS NEURALINK RAISES $280 MILLION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://decrypt.co/151652/neuralink-elon-musk-brain-interface-funding-peter-thiel/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Elon Musk-backed biotechnology company Neuralink announced a $280
million Series D funding round led by Peter Thiel‚Äôs Founders Fund.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HESITATION CAN KILL GREAT COMPANIES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pymnts.com/business/2023/abbyy-ceo-hesitation-can-kill-great-companies/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Delegating authority and fostering open communication allows
organizations to tap into the collective wisdom of their workforce and
overcome indecision.

SCALING TALENT THROUGH HYPERGROWTH WITH PIERRE BERLIN (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/scaling-talent-through-hypergrowth/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Pierre Berlin, VP Sales at Figma, shares his insights on building and
scaling GTM teams. It includes strategies for sequencing expansion,
sourcing talent, hiring, and retaining top performers.

BEYOND CREATIVITY, THE THREE REQUIRED VARIABLES OF A GOOD B2B BRAND
MARKETING CAMPAIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/beyond-creativity-the-three-required/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Commitment, coverage, and stamina: the three required variables of
effective brand building. You‚Äôve gotta give your creative ideas time
in the market to connect with an audience and understand the impact.

‚öíÔ∏è

TOOLS & RESOURCES

ALGOMO (PRODUCT) [https://www.algomo.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Automate and optimize your customer support with a ChatGPT-powered
bot.

BACKTRACK (PRODUCT)
[https://www.usebacktrack.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Record any meeting, including Slack Huddles, Zoom, Teams, or
in-person, for up to 5 hours.

CHARTPIXEL (PRODUCT) [https://chartpixel.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

ChartPixel turns your data into charts fully equipped with AI-assisted
insights.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

FROM ATTENTION TO INTENTION, HOW CONTENT IS CHANGING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://maried.substack.com/p/embracing-tangible-media/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generative AI is significantly ramping up the volume of content being
produced and put out to the world. This article explores how we
attempt to keep humanity at the forefront by integrating in-person
events and leaning into the individual over the institution.

DISNEY‚ÄôS TAYLOR SWIFT ERA (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/disneys-taylor-swift-era/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

It‚Äôs the relationship between low supply and high demand that
creates valuable scarcity, and you simply can‚Äôt have that with a lot
of digital goods where the supply is infinite. In-person events
provide an opportunity to cultivate scarcity and deliver outsized
money making.

TEACH A COMPUTER TO GHOTI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/teaching-a-computer-to-ghoti/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Quick read on why AI is on track to disrupt. A little cheeky too.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

WHEN IN DOUBT, LOOK FOR THE FEAR (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/08/when-in-doubt-look-for-the-fear-2/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We can begin to understand why someone acts in a surprising way by
wondering what they might be afraid of.

HOW A STARTUP LOSES ITS SPARK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.johnqian.com/startup-spark?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A look at what makes working at a startup so much more fun than
working at a large company.

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3c021848-3c1c-11ee-ab78-f50f721004ab&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692187234&t=1692187402&s=7a590031bff8515bc46cd1c87a75feb9537ef81d212b4d644dcb96712aa8c3aa].