# Articles TLDR Founders 11-10-2023

The absence of growth funding in the DACH region has been replaced
with healthy M&A¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c0dbea60-6810-11ee-bf58-ad5f6f95f253&pt=campaign&t=1697026293&s=a608e429af3b44ce9db39ebee7673f56c4dad117a76dfc5e5bd6718c6ca45a04]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-11

üìà

HEADLINES & TRENDS

VC RETURNS ARE AT A 10+ YEAR LOW (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/pitchbook-vc-returns-are-at-a-10-year-low/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We can‚Äôt say we‚Äôre surprised. Down rounds, inertia in the IPO
market, and climbing rates of administrations were always going to
impact VC returns. The second order impact of this is that LPs are
likely going to be a little hesitant giving GPs fresh capital, which
impacts the amount of funding available for startups.

M&A MAKES A STRONG COMEBACK IN THE DACH REGION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/ma-makes-strong-comeback-in-dach/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The absence of growth funding in the DACH region has been replaced
with healthy M&A. The number of M&A transactions in the region has
increased from 153 in H1 2022 to 235 in H1 2023, a 54% increase. Last
month LeanIX was acquired for a reported ‚Ç¨1.2bn by software giant
SAP in one of Germany‚Äôs biggest ever tech acquisitions.

THE TRUE COST OF COMPUTE (15 MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://a16z.com/podcast/the-true-cost-of-compute/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In this short podcast, a16z unpacks the relationship between compute,
capital, and technology. It explores the cost of training a model for
startups looking to build their own.

üß†

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SELLING IN STEALTH, CATEGORY CREATION AND EXPANSION (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://akashbajwa.substack.com/p/ryan-lieber-snowflake-selling-in/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Ryan Lieber was the 40th hire at Snowflake back in 2014 when it was
still in stealth. Starting as an SDR, he‚Äôs since worked on country
expansion and program management. This piece explores the challenges
of building a category-creating business and a few lessons learned
selling along the way: the optimal SDR:AE ratio, pipeline health
checks, and involving engineers in sales calls.

TIPS FOR GATHERING PRODUCT FEEDBACK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/customers-dont-know-what-they-want/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Customers don‚Äôt really know what they want. Very few of them are
able to envision and articulate new product ideas. Instead of asking
them what they want, ask them more about their problems. The solution
will start to become more apparent.

11 YEARS OF SAAS PRODUCT STRATEGY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://ghiculescu.substack.com/p/11-years-of-saas-product-strategy?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Reflections on Tanda‚Äôs transition into a multi-product company, with
key takeaways including the value of diversifying products, adjusting
ineffective features, and prioritizing customer-driven demand.

‚öíÔ∏è

TOOLS & RESOURCES

APPMANAGER (PRODUCT) [https://appmanager.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An AI IT agent for startups.

PUZZLE (PRODUCT)
[https://puzzle.io/revenue-recognition?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Effortless revenue recognition for Stripe customers.

BISKO (PRODUCT) [https://bisko.gjirafa.tech/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Bisko collects, organizes, and analyzes data from multiple sources and
creates customer profiles to inform marketing campaigns.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

GOING FROM DEVELOPER TO CEO (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/going-from-developer-to-ceo-chronosphere/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

You‚Äôre either a builder or a seller right? This is a rundown from an
engineer who turned into a founder and then switched to the business
side of the operation. The biggest takeaway is how the move meant they
ended up juggling lots of work streams and had to get good at fast
context switching.

THE TOP METRICS FOR USAGE-BASED SAAS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/the-top-metrics-for-usage-based-saas/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Usage-based billing seems to be growing in popularity. How do you know
if it‚Äôs working? Here are the 14 top metrics you should be keeping
an eye on.

WHO CAN COMMERCIALIZE NEW TECHNOLOGIES? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/who-can-commercialize-new-technologies?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Investors often prioritize easily identifiable metrics, such as
founder pedigree, especially when dealing with novel technologies that
are still emerging. However, as technologies mature, the focus on
founder backgrounds might not necessarily yield the best innovative
ventures. Instead, the fusion of top-tier research with creative
product perspectives might be the key to pushing forward in industries
like AI, biotech, robotics, and more.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

ON GETTING IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/10/getting-it-right-the-first-time/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As founders, we‚Äôre sometimes perfectionists. Get comfortable with
the fact that the first version is never the final version. Doing
something great is a series of iterations.

SELLING INTO THE FUTURE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/anticipate-the-cheap/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

To win a government contract, Fairchild Semiconductor quoted products
significantly below market rate. It did this because it was confident
that over time its manufacturing costs would come down significantly.
Is there something we can learn from this and apply to selling AI
products? Compute costs will no doubt come down, chips will get
better, and hardware will improve.

ADVICE FOR SAAS FOUNDERS (HACKER NEWS THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37834908]

SaaS founders give advice to their younger selves.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=c0dbea60-6810-11ee-bf58-ad5f6f95f253&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697025689&t=1697026293&s=14433558e71f045718aa298a1762837f122bf9081db85bb000601c567fa722fe].