# Articles TLDR Founders 28-08-2023

Grocery delivery giant Instacart has filed to go public in what is the
first significant venture-backed tech IPO since December 2021.¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=9e78b31a-4595-11ee-8d4c-d11d9b4068d7&pt=campaign&t=1693224263&s=05cea16229f91d69daca8556629241baa56939c4a4624119107a0da2ec078717]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-28

IS SECURITY A COST CENTER OR A REVENUE GENERATOR? (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

Many software leaders still see security as a hassle, a box-ticking
exercise, or a resource sink.
But things are changing fast. A new ebook by Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
describes a future where security is a bullet point in everyone‚Äôs
job description
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter],
executives position security as a revenue-driving investment, and
trust centers are standard practice for buying and selling software.

Read the ebook
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
to learn how to:

	* Apply the principles of ‚Äúshifting left
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]‚Äù
to position security as a differentiator
	* Center security in your client conversations to remove roadblocks
to revenue
	* Invest in your security story
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
by making it easy for buyers to access security-related information
and earning their trust

üëâ¬†Read the full analysis here
[https://www.vanta.com/downloads/shift-left-how-to-turn-security-into-revenue?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WELLBEING AT WORK IS ABOUT FEELING CONNECTED (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/tedladd/2023/08/26/it-doesnt-matter-where-you-sit-well-being-at-work-hinges-on-feeling-connected/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Whether hybrid, remote, or fully in-office, the leading indicator of
performance and reduced instances of burnout is how connected an
employee feels to the broader organization. This involves more access
to information and resources, time to do work, and feedback from peers
and managers.

KLAVIYO FILES FOR AN IPO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/25/klaviyo-files-to-go-public-in-latest-sign-of-life-for-ipo-market.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

At almost $600m ARR, still growing at 57% YoY, and profitable for the
last 6 months, could Klaviyo be the first SaaS IPO out of the pandemic
gates that sets the path for others?

INSTACART FILES FOR AN IPO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/25/instacart-files-to-go-public-on-nasdaq-to-unfreeze-tech-ipo-market.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Grocery delivery giant Instacart has filed to go public in what is the
first significant venture-backed tech IPO since December 2021.

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

EMBRACING FAILURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/08/26/embrace-startup-failures/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Founders are increasingly being more open with their failures, and
that‚Äôs a good thing. It shows that building startups and pursuing
innovation is all about experimenting and taking shots on goal.
Failures aren‚Äôt failures, simply attempts.

YOU NEED A CO-FOUNDER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thisisgoingtobebig.com/blog/2023/8/25/the-bslist-you-need-a-co-founder-no-93/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Although there‚Äôs been some successful solo founders, you‚Äôll often
hear that you need a co-founder in a complimentary domain in order to
build a truly great startup. But what is a co-founder? It‚Äôs really
just a title, someone you trust to run the company in your absence. It
doesn‚Äôt need to be someone with equal equity as you.

THE ENGINEERING EXECUTIVE‚ÄôS ROLE IN HIRING (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/eng-exec-role-in-hiring/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A comprehensive dive into the components of an effective hiring
process for technical roles. Build a scalable system, train your
hiring managers, set benchmarks and reporting windows with your
recruiting team, and determine compensation levels before you kick off
the hiring process.

‚öíÔ∏è

TOOLS & RESOURCES

POOZLE (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/poozlehq/poozle?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Poozle is an open-source single API for Product Integrations.

DICER (PRODUCT) [https://www.dicer.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Dicer is a digital marketer providing the insights you need to make
more money.

MINE MY REVIEWS (PRODUCT)
[https://senja.io/tools/review-mining?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Mine My Reviews uses AI to glean insights from your customer‚Äôs
reviews and testimonials.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

AROUND THE WORLD IN 21 DAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/around-the-world-in-21-days/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Our expectations of how people use technology and the reality of that
usage can often be different. Stay close to your users.

HOW TO GET SOMEONE ON YOUR PODCAST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/how-to-get-me-to-do-your-podcast-and-probably-other-busy-people-too/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Make it as easy as humanly possible for them to say yes, schedule, do
the prep, and show up.

IS REPORTING CASH-ON-HAND TO YOUR INVESTORS NOW A RED FLAG? (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/08/25/why-starting-your-investor-updates-with-cash-on-hand-information-is-a-major-red-flag-right-now-its-maybe-the-only-thing-worse-than-not-sending-updates-at-all/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Over the last 18 months, a lot of my personal portfolio companies
started to put their cash-on-hand status right at the top of their
investor update. It showed that month-month they were being cautious
with cash, but it also often meant they weren‚Äôt really growing all
that much. As the macro improved a little, is now the time to start
deploying capital to build value?

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

PRACTICE SPEAKING UP (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/08/speaking-up/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The imaginary cost of speaking up is often less than the real cost.

WHAT DO NON-TECHNICAL FOUNDERS NEED TO KNOW ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVS?
(HACKER NEWS THREAD) [https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=37272345]

A discussion on what non-technical founders should know to best
interact with their development team.

FEWER MEETINGS MEANS YOU HAVE TO SHOW MORE IMPACT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/08/25/fewer-meetings-means-you-have-to-show-more-impact/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

If you‚Äôre declining meetings to focus on other things, eventually
you‚Äôre going to have to show that this tradeoff meant something.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=9e78b31a-4595-11ee-8d4c-d11d9b4068d7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693224097&t=1693224263&s=a3a012137e62c74d721df0d0700306de8b8e30e218e3c65a9b4d8024e2344c2c].