# Articles TLDR Founders 26-06-2023

It appears that JPMorgan recently experienced an incident where
individuals were replying to everyone in the company¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=be61474e-1400-11ee-b6c1-5316de59b819&pt=campaign&t=1687780995&s=15c8a6ff6f24088584672dab4057a256b380bdadb60231234a54df02fccf79fe]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-26

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

RISKY BUSINESS: VENTURE SCALE VS. VENTURE RISK (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://bryce.medium.com/risky-business-venture-scale-vs-venture-risk-9593cf5ce66c?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Venture Capitalist Bryce Roberts examines the relationship between the
scale of a venture and the associated risks, with a focus on how much
capital is required to sustain it. 

AI AND THE BURDEN OF KNOWLEDGE (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/ai-and-the-burden-of-knowledge?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article examines how Artificial Intelligence technologies can be
used to help alleviate the increasing amount of knowledge that people
and businesses are expected to acquire in order to stay competitive in
their respective fields. 

AIRBNB CEO'S FIRESIDE CHAT AT FIGMA CONFIG (10 MINUTE READ + VIDEO)
[https://twitter.com/maxwendkos/status/1672304478853160960?utm_source=tldrfounders%20]

Brian Chesky offers valuable insights into how Airbnb has embraced a
design-led approach, highlighting key aspects such as empowering
designers, product marketing, design systems, and product release
cycles. This discussion provides valuable information for
understanding how Airbnb has fostered a culture of design excellence
within the company. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO BUILD A HIGH-PERFORMING SOFTWARE ENGINEERING TEAM (6 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/Dec2f?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article provides advice on how to create an exceptional software
engineering team that is highly productive and motivated. It includes
tips on how to hire well, create a welcoming environment, promote
collaboration, and empower team members to succeed. 

12 THINGS THAT DESTROY A ONE PERSON BUSINESS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/99S2v?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article provides an overview of twelve common challenges that
single-person businesses face and how to avoid them in order to create
a successful business. 

7-STEP EXERCISE TO CHOOSE THE RIGHT KPIS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1672594209126096897.html]

Minimize bad decision making by tracking the right KPIs for your
business. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

CTRL (PRODUCT) [https://www.getctrl.co?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Simplify & automate customer-related tasks in your CRM. 

VIRTUAL CMO (PRODUCT)
[https://founderpal.ai/virtual-cmo?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Solve any marketing problem in 1 minute. 

CODIUM (PRODUCT) [https://www.codium.ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Use AI to automate test writing for improved quality and increased
customer value. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

20 BOOKS EVERY STARTUP FOUNDER SHOULD READ (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1672220474216988672.html]

Michael Houck lists out his top 20 books he feels founders should read
to help maximize their success. 

EXPERIENCE DOESN‚ÄôT DEFINE SENIORITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/XZ8QP?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The article teaches that while having impressive coding skills is part
of the equation, it's the ability to collaborate with the team and set
goals that truly makes one a senior engineer. 

WHAT ARE SOME OF THE QUALITIES OF A "BAD" STARTUP CEO? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-what-are-some-of-the-qualities-of-a-bad-startup-ceo/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jason Lemkin discusses the qualities of a bad startup CEO/founder in
Silicon Valley that can lead to an unsuccessful venture, such as not
being fully committed to the long-term success of the business, being
too reactive and emotional, being dishonest, not being able to build
great software, and being too slow. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HILARIOUS REPLY ALL INCIDENT & EMAIL ETIQUETTE LESSON (1 MINUTE READ +
VIDEO)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/pitdesi/status/1673012618855092224]

It appears that JPMorgan recently experienced an incident where
individuals were replying to everyone in the company. As founders, we
can consider implementing certain rules, promoting proper etiquette,
and providing training to prevent such occurrences in our own
organization. 

AN IPO FOR A PAINTING? THIS $55 MILLION MASTERPIECE IS GOING PUBLIC (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wsj.com/articles/ipo-francis-bacon-portrait-george-dyer-art-market-4a66000a?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The tech IPO market may be down but the art market continues to buck
trends. This time, an actual painting is going to IPO which is
potentially a very interesting precedent. 

LESSONS FROM GROWING RAMP (77 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/lessons-from-scaling-ramp-sri-batchu-ramp-instacart-opendoor/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An interview with Sri Batchu, the growth lead at Ramp, the fastest
growing SaaS in history. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=be61474e-1400-11ee-b6c1-5316de59b819&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1687780837&t=1687780995&s=5d4961981b8cc6f196eff36ed7e14b7adef96041741da83a243fd42cb154680f].