# Articles TLDR Founders 17-05-2023

Tiger Global is reportedly planning to sell off some stakes in
startups through a secondary sale¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=eb754f9a-f485-11ed-944b-35cfd871b668&pt=campaign&t=1684325281&s=366a6cea3a665b70e4a385f982c27d336bd707f05ccae0712cc0c256fb3164e8]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-17

TRUST, AUTOMATED. (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


Imagine being able to achieve compliance with any framework you want
without lifting a finger. Meet Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]:
the compliance automation platform that does all the work for you.
Drata connects to 75+ apps ad cloud services, and automatically
collects the evidence
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
you need to submit. It maps the evidence to the relevant controls for
each framework - such as SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, and more
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none].

You can also monitor your risk management, vendor assessments, and
policy reviews with Drata's easy-to-use dashboard.
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
No more manual tasks, screenshots, or overlapping projects. Just peace
of mind and audit-readiness at all times.

See for yourself how Drata can transform your compliance journey.
Start with a special offer for TLDR readers
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

TIGER GLOBAL LOOKING TO SELL OFF STARTUP STAKES ‚Äî REPORT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/tiger-global-startups-writedown-secondary-sale/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The New York-based investment firm is reportedly planning to sell off
some stakes in startups through a secondary sale in order to return
capital to its investors, following recent markdowns and a reduction
in the target size of its latest venture fund. 

5 FOUNDERS ON THE FUTURE OF DATA (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/16/5-founders-on-the-future-of-data/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A16Z interviews 5 founders on the future of data and infrastructure
which are essential for advancing AI, and traditional data analysis is
still relevant for entrepreneurs. Overcoming data challenges,
developing efficient tools, scaling up effectively, avoiding vendor
lock-in, and leveraging AI for new data sets can provide a competitive
edge and unlock growth opportunities. 

GOOGLE I/O AND THE COMING AI BATTLES (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/google-i-o-and-the-coming-ai-battles/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Stratechery explores the regulatory landscape surrounding AI,
particularly in the European Union, and speculates on the potential
conflicts between centralized AI models and open-source alternatives,
drawing parallels to historical religious battles and the printing
press's impact on society. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHICH AI MODEL SHOULD YOU PICK FOR YOUR STARTUP? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/which-model-is-best/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Tomasz Tunguz helps answer a question that many PMs face today: to use
a small language model or a large language model? In the realm of AI,
the decision between using a certain model is influenced by factors
such as time constraints, reliance on external expertise,
infrastructure management, ip, data sensitivity, and cost, while the
market is still evolving, and managed large-language models currently
have an advantage in terms of adoption and revenue. 

11 THINGS GOOD MANAGERS DO THAT BAD MANAGERS DON‚ÄôT IN 1-ON-1‚ÄôS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658445946500571136.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Michael Girdley provides valuable insights into the contrasting
behaviors of good and bad managers during 1-on-1 meetings, offering
useful tips for founders and managers to enhance their management
skills. 

MY #1 BEST HACK FOR VC FUNDRAISING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/my-1-best-hack-for-vc-fundraising/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin understands a lot about the current fundraising
environment. He mentions a strategy that involves providing regular
updates on performance and growth, particularly at the beginning of
each month, to showcase progress, build confidence, and potentially
secure a more favorable valuation. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

PAGY (PRODUCT LAUNCH) [https://pagy.co?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Pagy works like a text editor. Just click and write. Then drag and
drop to make any layout you want. If you‚Äôre familiar with Notion
you‚Äôll feel right at home with Pagy. 

DATABERRY.AI (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.databerry.ai/pricing?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Databerry.ai enables you to create ChatGPT Plugins that integrate
custom data, allowing you to engage users, boost brand visibility, and
gain valuable insights on user interactions and statistics. 

TASKADE (FEATURE LAUNCH)
[https://www.taskade.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

AI-Powered Productivity. Taskade's new Workflow Generator allows you
to instantly generate thousands of case-specific workflows, from team
agendas to design sprints. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WILL GENERATIVE AI KILL SEO? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/PYnUx?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

A seasoned SEO specialist and gives a firsthand account of how
generative AI is disrupting the digital content landscape. She dives
into the challenges and opportunities presented by AI content, its
real-world impact on SEO performance, and the seismic shifts expected
from Google's recent AI integration into search results. 

7 WAYS EASE GREW TO 8 FIGURES WITHOUT A LOT OF AD SPEND (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://joinhampton.com/blog/midwestern-startup-founder-courtney-guertin?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Hampton group interviews the Co-Founder of Ease. They discuss the
growth of their benefits enrollment platform, starting from the
Minnesota market and expanding to become a major player in the
industry, while highlighting key challenges, growth channels, and the
company's business model. 

WHY MOST STARTUPS ARE DOING DATA-DRIVEN DECISION MAKING WRONG (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fforward.ai/blog/posts/the-data-deception-why-most-startups-are-doing-data-driven-decision-making-wrong]


The author highlights the pitfalls of confirmation bias and emphasizes
the need for a structured process, including making predictions,
identifying ideal data, using effective methods, and employing tools
for quantitative analysis. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

RENOWNED INVESTOR ELAD GIL ON HOW THE GREAT AI RACE WILL LIKELY SHAKE
OUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/15/renowned-investor-elad-gil-on-how-the-great-ai-race-will-likely-shake-out/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Elad Gil, a notable investor and founder, highlights the increasing
significance of both proprietary and open-source models in the AI
field, indicating their relevance and importance for future market
trends. 

ACHIEVING WORK PEACE AND PRODUCTIVITY WITH THE AUTOMATION FLYWHEEL (5
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/xNKJQ?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author discusses the realization about the automation flywheel as
a systematic approach to automation, with steps involving identifying
tasks, designing the automation, and refining it for continuous
improvement. 

THE ANATOMY OF THE M&A PROCESS (24 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://eqtventures.buzzsprout.com/2148216/12850642-the-anatomy-of-an-m-a-process?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Whether you‚Äôre struggling to find a path forward and trying to exit
or looking to consolidate your sector/niche, this is a great listen to
bone-up on the ins-and-outs of the M&A process. 

THE RISE OF THE SILICON VALLEY SMALL BUSINESS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/rise-of-the-silicon-valley-small-business?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The rise of small businesses in Silicon Valley is discussed in this
article. It explains how tech giants like Google and Facebook have
fostered an environment where small businesses can thrive, by
providing tools and platforms for them to reach customers and conduct
business online. It also highlights how small businesses have been
able to leverage the tech skills and entrepreneurial spirit prevalent
in the region to innovate and grow. However, the article also touches
on the challenges these businesses face, such as high costs of living
and competition for talent. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=eb754f9a-f485-11ed-944b-35cfd871b668&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684324898&t=1684325281&s=59294c3174443c6c8ce1d35de09521b271aa434c6c956907af752fd9d59f9501].


¬†