# Articles TLDR Founders 29-09-2023

India has a population of 1.4 billion. By 2041, 59% of the population
will be of working age¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=741364fc-5e9b-11ee-8509-fb55d0c08421&pt=campaign&t=1695989052&s=2c54b9f34920735e564da19a96415f77348857aba0b24874301c42746b9aa292]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-29

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WHAT TO WATCH IN INDIA (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/what-to-watch-in-india/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

India has a population of 1.4 billion. By 2041, 59% of the population
will be of working age. That‚Äôs a huge workforce. The government has
been investing in tech, and large VCs are propping up in the region.
This deep-dive on eight startups showcases the innovation coming from
the Indian ecosystem. 

AI, HARDWARE, AND VIRTUAL REALITY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://stratechery.com/2023/ai-hardware-and-virtual-reality/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI, combined with hardware, is going to enable groundbreaking forms of
virtual and augmented reality. Here‚Äôs a breakdown of the latest news
in each of those domains. 

IS DATA STILL A MOAT? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matt-rickard.com/is-data-still-a-moat?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Generative AI is reshaping the traditional value placed on vast data
collections. The uniqueness and importance of proprietary data may be
waning as large language models can be fine-tuned with minimal data
and even generate synthetic datasets. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

IS YOUR INTERNATIONAL GROWTH STRATEGY A HOT MESS? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/is-your-international-growth-strategy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The prospects of internationalization at your startup are exciting.
Bigger TAM, new revenue, risk diversification - but often there‚Äôs a
misalignment between internal buzz and external traction that‚Äôs
explained by a lack of preparation. International expansion is a
strategy, not a quick tactic. 

HOW FOUNDERS CAN ENGAGE WITH A CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/09/how-i-engage-with-the-chief-people-officer/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Regardless of the seniority of the Chief People Officer, have them
report to you. This signals that the founder/CEO cares intimately
about the needs of employees and keeps you connected to the culture
and general vibe. 

8 WAYS SAAS COMPANIES CAN USE AI TO GET AHEAD (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://canny.io/blog/how-saas-can-use-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This blog post features several AI SaaS use cases for various
departments, highlighting ways the technology can be used to gain a
competitive edge. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

STRUT (PRODUCT) [https://strut.so/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Strut is an AI notebook that turns rough notes into finished content. 

COLLATO (PRODUCT) [https://collato.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI assistant for product teams to find, summarize, and generate new
content based on your own product knowledge. 

APP STORE SPY (PRODUCT)
[https://appstorespy.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Gain immediate insights into apps, niches, and keywords. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WORKING AT A STARTUP VS IN BIG TECH (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/working-at-a-startup-vs-in-big-tech/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Startups are an excellent environment to learn and build generalist
skill sets, but they‚Äôre financially risky and stressful. Big Tech
enables you to build a specialism and a financial buffer, but you‚Äôll
have to deal with bureaucracy and a lack of purpose. Written from an
engineer's perspective. 

INSIDE MIND READING AI (24 MINUTE WATCH)
[https://www.exponentialview.co/p/the-brain-the-last-fortress-of-humanity/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

More startups are popping up to help us read and manipulate our mental
states to help us relax, learn, and reduce pain. Neuralink, Mendi, and
FocusCalm are just some of these startups. These companies will gather
data from users if they are given access to their brains. Who owns
this data? 

WHAT ARE THE BIGGEST PROBLEMS YOU FACE AS A STARTUP FOUNDER? (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/biggest-problems-face-startup-founder/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Your biggest challenge evolves as the company grows, from finding a
co-founder to simply sticking to it and launching new products in
order to expand your TAM. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ARTISANAL EMAIL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/artisanal-emails/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI is making it easier to craft emails. Sales teams are using tools to
find leads and outbound them more easily than ever. The
signal-to-noise ratio is going to grow. This automated future raises
all kinds of questions for businesses and the role crafted emails will
play in it. 

TRUST YOUR CUSTOMERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://marcrandolph.com/trust-your-customers/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Default to trusting your customers. The goodwill it brings is worth
the loss from bad actors. 

A SIMPLE NOTE TAKING SYSTEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/09/26/my-note-taking-system/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

There are many methods for note-taking, from transcribing every call
to archiving everything in Notion. Often, the simplest solution
scales. Have a doc for daily notes and one for each individual you
interact with regularly. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=741364fc-5e9b-11ee-8509-fb55d0c08421&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695988825&t=1695989052&s=c31bea761311f1d66df45ee13e062580dcea14e345625769ee75bfd497daf0fd].