# Articles TLDR Founders 18-10-2023

Employee satisfaction among tech workers has plummeted¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4964f5de-6d98-11ee-a8c4-df21b6c6afd5&pt=campaign&t=1697630578&s=299ac94cf6bc4f63e3de722a0a36b936a18b59f293ab12c4d87ac6697755f755]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-18

 DRATA¬†IS THE LEADER IN SECURITY AND COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION ‚Äî FIND
OUT WHY (SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]


 Drata¬†is making the rounds. The company has pioneered a new approach
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]
to collecting evidence and achieving continuous compliance with SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA, and other frameworks ‚Äî potentially saving hundreds
of audit-prepping hours.

Thousands of customers trust¬†Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none],
[https://tracking.tldrnewsletter.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fdrata.com%2Fpartner%2Ftldr%3Futm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo%26utm_source=tldrfounder%26utm_medium=paidnewsletter%26utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1%26utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none/3/01000188b9d0fdd9-28b7f359-d007-4eb2-b6a9-080d77af0b11-000000/pZ2yX2V5eCLF7SZ2UrM4BYjyNCLLKWw0yhRpzKfh2rY=305]¬†including
companies such as Lemonade, Notion, and Postman. 577 reviewers on G2
have rated its solution 4.8 on average. And the company has already
raised $328M at a $2BN valuation.

Want to find out what all the fuss is about? Now‚Äôs your
chance.¬†TLDR¬†readers and community members get 10% off and waived
implementation fees.¬†Claim your exclusive offer now
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_campaign=DR_cap_tldrfounder_all_sec-it_none_none_AMS_USCA_demo_requestdemo&utm_source=tldrfounder&utm_medium=paidnewsletter&utm_content=request-demo_txt_v1&utm_term=USCA_all_sec-it_none_none]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 THE TECHNO-OPTIMIST MANIFESTO (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/the-techno-optimist-manifesto/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 This article provides a lens to look through that adds color to the
challenges we face across the globe and why technology is paramount to
our success as a species. 

 WORKING IN SILICON VALLEY USED TO BE FUN. NOW IT'S JUST ANOTHER
MISERABLE CORPORATE GIG (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/tech-workers-employees-dissatisfied-jobs-new-data-labor-market-glassdoor-2023-10/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Employee satisfaction among tech workers has plummeted, falling in
line with workers in finance and consulting. Reported ratings of
work-life balance and compensation are down and many workers are
struggling to find a new gig in tech. 

 WHAT LOOM AND KLAVIYO INDICATE ABOUT EXIT VALUATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/initial-exits-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 This article compares last round valuations in private markets to
exit values. In both cases, the exit values amounted to less than the
last private round - discounts of 38% & 20%. Is this a solid
representation of the state of play in tech? 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 A FOUNDER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO 2024 PLANNING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationcapital.com/a-founders-guide-to-2024-planning/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Q4 has barely started, but it already feels like everyone is already
talking about 2024. Where possible, take a short-term pragmatic
approach to planning. Think about each quarter or half, rather than
the full year, and build a bitesize modular strategy. 

 SOME SHORT ACTIONABLE TACTS ON EXPERIMENTATION AND PMF (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://growthgems.substack.com/p/growth-gems-101-product-market-fit/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Finding product market fit isn‚Äôt just an early stage thing, it‚Äôs
a constant evolution. For each new product you roll out, the PMF
discovery process kicks off again. This post collates perspectives and
insights from several podcasts and masterclass sessions covering
experimentation and the path to PMF. 

 THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO BUILDING EFFECTIVE ROADMAPS WITH EXAMPLES AND
TEMPLATES (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://canny.io/blog/complete-guide-roadmaps/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Whether it‚Äôs your product roadmap, marketing campaign, or the
customer journey flow, having a chronological plan in place helps
guide cross-functional teams to a collective focal point. Having an
effective roadmap is your North Star and prevents teams from writing
their own script. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 HOUSE OF PITCH (PRODUCT)
[https://houseofpitch.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Send, receive, and filter cold pitches in seconds. 

 STORY (PRODUCT)
[https://www.elkadeo.education/story-launch?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Story helps build teams that can run on autopilot. 

 AVIAN (PRODUCT) [https://avianio.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Connect your data sources and chat with data from over 20 platforms
and share custom data chatbots with your team and clients. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 DOES YOUR STARTUP NEED A SALES PLAYBOOK OR JUST A FEW PLAYS? (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://kellblog.com/2023/10/16/does-your-startup-need-a-sales-playbook-or-just-a-few-plays/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 When you‚Äôre shifting from founder-led sales to team-led sales, you
relinquish a bit of control and knowledge. The reaction is often to
bottle this knowledge into a playbook and hand it off to the sales
team as a guide to live by. The trap here is that most earlier stage
startups don‚Äôt really know what works, and by building a playbook,
you‚Äôre limiting the chances of discovering new tactics and thinking.


 DATA IS A PEOPLE PROBLEM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.breakingpoint.tech/p/data-is-a-people-problem/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 We often assume that data is factual, but data is often interpreted
in different ways by teams depending on their incentives, and it means
nothing unless it is used to inform good actions. Successful
application of data requires that you align incentives across teams
and set some frameworks in place that encourage teams to define and
use the data in the same ways. 

 LESSONS FROM BOOTSTRAPPED COMPANIES (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/p/lessons-from-bootstrapped-companies?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 With venture funding in decline, now‚Äôs a good time as any to put on
your bootstrapping hat. Here are some lessons from five
under-the-radar yet very successful bootstrapped companies, all
founded by former software engineers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WHAT‚ÄôS THE IDEAL ACCOUNT RATIO FOR A CSM TO HANDLE? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/nickmehta_whats-the-ideal-account-ratio-for-a-csm-activity-7119703341474988033-76E7/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 How many customer success managers do you need per $ of account
revenue? Here are three ways to look at the answer. 

 $100M VALUATION AND NO MORE FUNDING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/10/14/100m-valuation-and-no-more-funding/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Securing funding and expanding is always fun, but more growth
doesn‚Äôt always equal a better business. 

 SUPERLINEAR RETURNS (8 MINUTE READ)
[http://paulgraham.com/superlinear.html?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Contrary to what you may have been taught, returns are superlinear,
not linear. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4964f5de-6d98-11ee-a8c4-df21b6c6afd5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697630437&t=1697630578&s=c955735a02ace0e7911aff62fad04e253a0d1049c64cd0869159818ce22bbcbf].


¬†