# Articles TLDR Founders 06-09-2023

There are so many opportunities out there right now to adopt these
models for new businesses¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3f1b029e-4c9b-11ee-ac35-010542909cfc&pt=campaign&t=1694001791&s=42965c03a6923638a74c5b50cea99d50579364f92c789decacfb0ff2954c5f54]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-06

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

THE EVOLUTION OF OPEN SOURCE BUSINESS MODELS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/evolution-of-open-source-business-models/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Tomasz is at it again giving a great overview of the ever-changing
open source business models and that will continue to evolve with AI
now in the picture. There are so many opportunities out there right
now to adopt these models for new businesses. It‚Äôs a long play but
clearly a good one. 

ARM SEEKS $52B VALUATION FOR IPO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/05/chip-design-firm-arm-sets-share-price-between-47-and-51-for-blockbuster-us-ipo.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Arm on Tuesday submitted an updated filing for its upcoming
blockbuster initial public offering on the Nasdaq stock exchange,
setting a price range between $47 and $51, which could value the
company up to $52B. 

CHANGING LANDSCAPE OF RETAIL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://gothamgal.com/2023/09/changing-landscape-of-retail/?utm_campaign=changing-landscape-of-retail&utm_source=tldrfounders]

It‚Äôs true that the retail landscape is ever-changing and Gotham Gal
always has an interesting perspective on these things. If you‚Äôre
thinking at all about retail in this day and age, there are a bunch of
variables that are coming to bear that need to be thought through. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

CONFIDENCE VS. ARROGANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/confidence-vs-arrogance?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Don‚Äôt confuse confidence with arrogance. A quick level-set on the
difference for a few specific examples. Never hurts to check in with
yourself. 

THE TOP 5 QUESTIONS EVERY CEO WRESTLES WITH - LESSONS FROM DAVE
KELLOGG (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/top-5-questions-host-analytics/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Long read but full of lots of great tidbits from working with those
that bring energy to managing your board and expectations. Always a
great read coming off a holiday weekend (here in the US). 

FROM CORPORATE JOB TO SOLOPRENEURSHIP ‚Äì INSIGHTS FROM BUILDING MY
MENTORSHIP BUSINESS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/to-300-billed-mentoring-sessions-in-a-year-ed62082e40d?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An exhaustive read about moving from a corporate job to spinning up
your own gig from Marian Kamenistak. If you‚Äôre thinking of going it
alone, there are some really solid tidbits in here. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

REPHRASE AI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.rephrase.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A text-to-video generation platform that eliminates the complexity of
video production, enabling you to create professional-looking videos
with a digital avatar in minutes. 

PAPERMARK (PRODUCT)
[https://www.papermark.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The Open-Source Docsend Alternative to securely share documents with
real-time analytics. 

SNIPO (PRODUCT) [https://snipo.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A side-by-side AI notetaker for your videos. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

STARTUPS NEED BOTH PROFOUND BELIEFS AND CUSTOMER INPUT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://eiexchange.com/content/startups-need-both-profound-beliefs-and-customer-input?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Steve Blank has always had great feedback on building companies and
products and his recent return to regular writing again has been
welcomed by many (us included). Having a profound belief is critical
when thinking through customer input. Must read if you‚Äôre building a
nascent product. 

DEAR SAASTR: WHEN SHOULD THE CEO STEP AWAY FROM SALES? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/ceo-step-away-sales/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Quick one on when to step out and more importantly how to gauge if
you‚Äôre doing it right. I‚Äôve always been a fan of being in LOTS of
customer meetings. 

UNPACKING INSTACART‚ÄôS IPO (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexandre.substack.com/p/unpacking-instacarts-ipo?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This is a deep, deep dive into Instacart‚Äôs IPO and such a great lens
on not only how it built its business but also on finding a way to IPO
in this kind of market. It‚Äôs never the ‚Äúperfect‚Äù time to IPO and
reading the tea leaves on when to do it is nearly impossible. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EVERY BILLABLE HOUR IS AMATEUR HOUR (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://daedtech.com/every-billable-hour-is-amateur-hour/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The article makes the case that if you‚Äôre looking to elevate
yourself from an amateur to a professional, ditch billing clients by
the hour. 

REDDIT FACES CONTENT QUALITY CONCERNS AFTER ITS MOD PURGE (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/are-reddits-replacement-mods-fit-to-fight-misinformation/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Reddit, everybody‚Äôs favorite search engine, is dealing with content
quality concerns following its moderator civil war. 

EIGHT YEARS OF ORGANIZING TECH MEETUPS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.eatonphil.com/eight-years-of-tech-meetups.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Meetups are a great way to meet people in the industry. Here are some
thoughts on how to do it right. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3f1b029e-4c9b-11ee-ac35-010542909cfc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694001619&t=1694001791&s=fd27a0655f2346043d9a9f2723d39a69c60fa8049985a7e3f1ac132c2c58f174].