# Articles TLDR Founders 07-07-2023

Valuations are creeping back up based on more than just
profitability¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=aa32e6f0-1ca8-11ee-9d39-71e25b4ad1ec&pt=campaign&t=1688731397&s=642851951483879711fc2b5b8fddbe7600d8b4e6a58d01d675a47b1d24aa10d9]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/demo?utm_campaign=VantaForEarlyStageStartups&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-07-07

COMPLIANCE FOR EARLY STAGE STARTUPS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/demo?utm_campaign=VantaForEarlyStageStartups&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

As a growing startup, building trust with your customers and partners
is critical. And proving this trust via compliance frameworks like SOC
2, ISO 27001, GDPR, HIPAA, etc. can help your company raise capital,
sell to larger customers, and rise above the competition.¬†
VANTA‚ÄôS COMPLIANCE FOR EARLY STAGE STARTUPS pairs growing companies
with one of Vanta‚Äôs trusted partners to help you implement and
deploy Vanta, as well as aid your team in completing the tasks
required to get audit-ready quickly.¬†

Put compliance on autopilot and get back to fundraising, scaling, and
building world-class products. Complete the form to learn more.
[https://www.vanta.com/demo?utm_campaign=VantaForEarlyStageStartups&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

HOW MARKETS VALUE SOFTWARE COMPANIES IN 2023 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/how-markets-value-saas-in-mid-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Valuations are creeping back up based on more than just profitability.
Things are picking up again and the guess is that things will pick up
steam at the end of Q3 and go bonkers starting in Q4. Are we back?
Maybe. 

VC FINDS ITS FOOTING AS HEADWINDS WEAKEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://pitchbook.com/news/articles/venture-monitor-first-look-q2-2023?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Although venture capital investments continued to decline in Q2, the
market is showing some signs of stabilizing. 

META LAUNCHES THREADS, ALREADY HAS MILLIONS OF USERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketwatch.com/story/metas-threads-has-30-million-users-in-less-than-first-24-hours-after-launch-64215fd1?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Meta has launched its Twitter competitor Threads, and has already
signed up tens of millions of users in the process, making this a good
opportunity to get ahead of the curve on a new social network. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY IT IS GOOD TO BE BAD AT ESTIMATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/why-it-is-good-to-be-bad-at-estimation?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Some good thoughts from one of the co-founders of Flurry on why it
pays to be bad at estimating how long an outcome will take. This will
likely (painfully) resonate with many founders on this newsletter
list. 

DEAR SAASTR: HOW SHOULD YOU SET UP TERRITORIES FOR YOUR FIRST FEW
SALES REPS? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-how-should-you-set-up-territories-for-your-first-few-sales-reps/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Never hurts to have a refresher on thinking through early sales team
makeup and distribution. This will change considerably in the next 12
months as new AI-powered sales tools permeate the existing process. 

RETHINKING THE GOOD LIFE (60 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2LGunjy4Qo&utm_source=tldrfounders]

Vinod Khosla sits down with Sam Harris to talk about all things about
being happy and calculating where you can fit in depending on your own
version of an examined life. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

SMARTEST FOUNDER IN THE ROOM (SPONSOR)
[https://brilliant.org/TLDRFounders/]

Go beyond competency and master the concepts behind today‚Äôs tech.
Brilliant is the free and easy way to level up, with bite-size
interactive lessons in math and logic, data science, CS, and more. Try
it free for 30 days. [https://brilliant.org/TLDRFounders/] 

CIRCLEBACK (PRODUCT) [https://circleback.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Circleback helps make meetings useful by delivering AI-driven notes
and action items you can trust. 

BREWNOTE (PRODUCT)
[https://app.looppanel.com/brewnote?utm_source=tldrfounders]

BrewNote provides AI-powered notes for your user interviews. 

CANNY FOR B2B BUSINESSES (PRODUCT)
[https://canny.io/blog/canny-for-b2b-businesses/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Canny makes it easy for B2B SaaS companies to collect user feedback,
prioritize feature development, and build your product roadmap. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LET‚ÄôS START RETHINKING WORK FOR THE MODERN WORKFORCE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hubstaff.com/rethinking-modern-workforce-hybrid-remote-office/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The horse is out of the barn with respect to working remotely. The
idea of going into the office 5 days a week just does not make sense.
Rethinking remote work and how you can leverage it to your advantage
is your only hope. A few thoughts from the team over at Hubspot that
are, well, spot on. 

WHY YOUR STARTUP NEEDS A PODCAST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://accelerateokanagan.com/blog/why-your-startup-needs-a-podcast/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Every startup needs a podcast, and as Justin Jackson explains, it‚Äôs
easier to start than you think. 

OPENAI MAKES GPT-4 GENERALLY AVAILABLE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/07/06/openai-makes-gpt-4-generally-available/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Get out from under GPT-3.5 and start using GPT-4 via the OpenAI API
which is generally available starting today. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT IS GROWTH? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://norrisnode.com/what-is-growth/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A great piece on what growth means to David Norris. This one resonates
a bit given the similarities in space-and-time juxtaposed with the
craziness of a (yet again) disruptive technology. What is growth to
you? It‚Äôs more than just a decrease in entropy. 

FAST (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://patrickcollison.com/fast?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Some examples of people quickly accomplishing ambitious things
together. 

MY TOP 10 MISTAKES GETTING TO $100M ARR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/my-top-10-mistakes-getting-to-100m-arr-jason-cohen-founder-wp-engine/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jason Cohen, founder of WP Engine, discusses his top 10 mistakes
getting to $100M ARR, including not raising enough money, prematurely
trusting customer validation, and doing too much at once. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=aa32e6f0-1ca8-11ee-9d39-71e25b4ad1ec&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688731221&t=1688731397&s=e6388f8a90431737348816dd2ad9f032e6ca87836328723a984d1ae71e6d1e40].