# Articles TLDR Founders 14-08-2023

Serve Robotics, an autonomous sidewalk delivery robot startup that
spun out of Uber‚Äôs acquisition of Postmates, is going public¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d50dc0fe-3a8d-11ee-b404-c14ca2954102&pt=campaign&t=1692014598&s=f7f1bfa92418c6cd09dae5f4b09a5de254beb41cf6a40b6e3bdaa243516fcc43]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-14

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

AI.COM FLIPS FROM CHATGPT TO ELON MUSK‚ÄôS X.AI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/03/ai-com-flips-from-chatgpt-to-elon-musks-x-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI.com now redirects to x.AI, a company that aims to understand the
true nature of the universe. OpenAI had seemingly purchased this
domain back in February, but it looks like Musk has swooped in. 

THE RIGHT TO PAY ANONYMOUSLY HAS BECOME PART OF AN EU CULTURE WAR (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://qz.com/the-right-to-pay-anonymously-has-become-part-of-an-eu-c-1850708074/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

There‚Äôs a growing movement across the EU to save cash as
governments, banks, and merchants encourage consumers to go digital. 

UBER, NVIDIA-BACKED DELIVERY ROBOT STARTUP SERVE ROBOTICS TO GO PUBLIC
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/10/uber-nvidia-backed-delivery-robot-startup-serve-robotics-to-go-public/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Serve Robotics, an autonomous sidewalk delivery robot startup that
spun out of Uber‚Äôs acquisition of Postmates, is going public via a
reverse merger with a blank-check company. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SHOULD LATER STAGE STARTUPS CONSIDER AN ANNUAL LIQUIDITY PROGRAM? (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/08/12/startup-upgrade-annual-liquidity-programs/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Liquidity puts capital into the hands of employees and early
investors, enabling them to reinvest into the ecosystem or themselves.
We still see very few secondary events in the startup world, but it
looks like that might change, with all the new products and
communities propping up to support private share sales. 

THE PRINCIPLES OF GREAT STRATEGY (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/great-strategy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A lot of people have a romantic view on strategy. You do this big
lift, lock in a strategy, and then flip to pure execution. In reality,
building a company is this dance between strategy and execution.
Follow these principles to avoid writing a strategy doc that nobody
ever looks at more than once. 

PLAID: FINANCE‚ÄôS NEXT GREAT NETWORK (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.generalist.com/briefing/plaid-finances-next-great-network?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A long deep dive into Plaid and how its product, model, and culture
led it to become a FinTech giant. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

üö®ATTN: FOUNDERSüö® APPLICATIONS NOW OPEN FOR THE COMCAST
NBCUNIVERSAL LIFT LABS ACCELERATOR: ENTERPRISE AI (SPONSOR)
[https://lift.comcast.com/accelerator/]

Comcast NBCUniversal LIFT Labs is looking to partner with startup
companies using Artificial Intelligence to drive innovation within
Software Development, Cyber Security, Network Optimization, Knowledge
Management, Sales Development, Customer Experience, and more. If
you're a founder redefining the world of AI‚Äîlearn more
[https://lift.comcast.com/accelerator/] about our Accelerator
today!üöÄ 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS PROJECT IDX (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/08/google-launches-project-idx-a-new-ai-enabled-browser-based-development-environment/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An AI-enabled browser-based development environment for building
full-stack web and multiplatform apps 

RAZ (PRODUCT) [https://www.tryraz.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Collect deeper insights from your users with AI-powered forms that can
ask follow-up questions. 

MAILBITES (PRODUCT)
[https://www.mailbites.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Mailbites simplifies email template development with ready-to-use
components, sections, and layouts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MAYBE COWORKING, SELF-STORAGE, AND E-MOBILITY WERE NEVER REALLY
‚ÄúTECH COMPANIES‚Äù? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/08/07/winners-take-none-coworking-self-storage-scooters-have-burned-billions-of-investor-dollars-and-maybe-were-never-tech-companies/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A zero interest-rate policy environment can drive a lot of things in
the wrong direction. This article unpacks some ‚Äòwinner takes none‚Äô
outcomes, where even the best/surviving companies end up consuming a
tremendous amount of dollars and delivering little value. 

REAL-WORLD DIVERSIFICATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://capitalgains.thediff.co/p/real-diversification?ref=thediff.co/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As a big advocate of side-gigging and combinatorial creativity, I like
this approach of using hobbies and extracurricular activities to build
out T-shaped knowledge. What you do outside of work is going to
influence how you show up to work. 

THE RACE TO CAPTURE VALUE: CLOUD LESSONS FOR THE AI ERA (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/08/11/cloud-lessons-for-the-ai-era/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We get it, AI is changing everything. But with any disruptive
technology, doing the math on that disruption is actually pretty hard.
Enter a16z with their typical deep-dive on how AI is going to disrupt
the cloud and application layers. Dense (although good) read. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HUMAN CREATIVITY AMONGST AI DOMINANCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thebootstrappedfounder.com/human-creativity-amidst-ai-dominance/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

More marketers and content producers are turning to AI for efficiency.
Over time, this will lead to a level of genericism in the market. The
antidote will be authentic human production. 

CARROT PROBLEMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.atvbt.com/the-carrot-problem/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Advice often comes in the form of someone giving you their winning
lottery ticket numbers, but that‚Äôs not exactly helpful. It‚Äôs good
to be mindful when you hear successful people explain some of their
success, that it might not always be the truth. Red herrings can lead
you down costly paths. 

TOP 10 SAASTR TIPS FOR FOUNDERS & CEOS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/top-10-saastr-tips-for-founders-ceos-from-health-competition/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôre big fans of the folks over at SaaStr and this recap of a bunch
of their tips for founders & CEOs resonates this time of year when
we‚Äôre taking a break and also preparing for the big push into Q4.
Always insightful and timely advice. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d50dc0fe-3a8d-11ee-b404-c14ca2954102&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692014422&t=1692014598&s=4ec542184a5f750a2fa06b9d209d26840586f2bd246963b7c21c4fdc3e7ba8b8].