# Articles TLDR Founders 05-07-2023

Everyone in tech knows AI is revolutionary. But do people outside of
tech feel the same?¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1522f03e-1b11-11ee-921c-c1380b60ecb9&pt=campaign&t=1688558583&s=cb45769d900bd0194d1adb46e5a8143debab2ce583a00e588e958e5171604aad]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-07-05

TLDR IS HIRING A CURATOR FOR TLDR FOUNDERS
[https://tldr.tech/jobs/tldr-founder-newsletter-curator/519]

TLDR is hiring a part-time curator to join our TLDR Founders
newsletter curation team.
The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup founder,
preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up
with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends
a lot of time hanging out with other founders.

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday).
To apply, please send your LinkedIn or resume to jobs@tldr.tech along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

WHAT THE EUROPEAN AI ACT MEANS FOR YOU, AI DEVELOPER (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://encord.com/blog/what-the-european-ai-act-means-for-you/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The EU AI Act is the world's first legislation on artificial
intelligence, similar to GDPR but for AI. It introduces definitions
for 'foundation models' and 'general-purpose AI systems' and sets out
dos and don'ts for AI practices. The Act also focuses on trustworthy
AI development and includes obligations for high-risk AI systems. The
legislation is currently going through final negotiations before
enforcement. 

ARE PEOPLE IN TECH IN AN AI ECHO CHAMBER? (HN THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=36567918]

Everyone in tech knows AI is revolutionary. But do people outside of
tech feel the same? This Hacker News thread dives into that question
and whether the AI hype has gotten out of hand. 

WHY TRANSFORMATIVE AI IS REALLY, REALLY HARD TO ACHIEVE (21 MINUTE
READ)
[https://zhengdongwang.com/2023/06/27/why-transformative-ai-is-really-really-hard-to-achieve.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

While humans have a good track record of innovation, the trend growth
rate of GDP per capita has never exceeded three percent per year.
There has yet to be a technology that breaks the three percent
threshold. Only strong evidence should cause us to expect anything
different. AI is likely transformative in the same way that the
internet was, but it has many hurdles in the way to the accelerating
growth rates predicted by some. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

BUILDING PRESTIGE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/building-prestige/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A playbook to manufacture personal prestige with a small amount of
high-quality content. 

THE GUIDE TO FOUNDER-LED SALES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1675985664343678978.html]

A guide for founders to crush each step of the sales process, from
lead gen to close. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM SEMRUSH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/jasonlk/status/1675910666769817600]

A compilation of things to learn from SEMRush, the newest public SaaS
with $290M in APR. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

BOHR.IO (PRODUCT) [https://bohr.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

bohr.io is a platform for developers to deploy their applications
easily and for startups to hire developers for cost-effective digital
product development. 

HIVESPARK (PRODUCT) [https://hivespark.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

HiveSpark is an AI-powered content generator for startups, providing
task templates for various business needs. 

WITHPUBLIC (PRODUCT)
[https://www.withpublic.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Introducing Withpublic.com: an MVP marketplace to buy, sell, or
request free MVPs. Find co-founders and unlock opportunities by
exchanging failed MVPs for better ideas. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE RETURN TO OFFICE MANDATE IS DESTROYING JOB SATISFACTION (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.hubstaff.com/the-return-to-office-mandate-is-destroying-job-satisfaction/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The title says it all and the numbers don‚Äôt lie. Workers are
begrudgingly complying as companies move to push workers back into the
office, while looking out for other opportunities and side-hustles. 

INTELLECTUAL LAZINESS (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://philo.substack.com/p/intellectual-laziness?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The article discusses the concept of intellectual laziness in
organizations. It argues that intellectual laziness is the tendency of
organizations to "juke the stats" and lie to themselves instead of
diagnosing and solving root problems. 

BUILDING MINIMUM LOVABLE PRODUCTS (67 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/building-minimum-lovable-products-stories-from-wework-and-airbnb-and-thriving-as-a-pm-jiaona-zhang-webflow-wework-airbnb-dropbox/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jiaono Zhang breaks down why we should be building ‚Äúminimum lovable
products‚Äù rather than minimum viable products. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT GETS TO THE FRONT PAGE OF HACKER NEWS? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://randomshit.dev/posts/what-gets-to-the-front-page-of-hacker-news?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An exploration into what kind of content lands on the coveted front
page of Hacker News. 

META THREADS TO LAUNCH JULY 6TH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/7/3/23783227/meta-instagram-threads-twitter-competitor-app-store?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Meta‚Äôs Twitter competitor, Threads, is expected to launch on July
6th. 

THE GOAT OF SAAS METRICS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/the-goat-of-saas-metrics?utm_source=tldrfounders]

CJ Gustafson makes the case that revenue per employee is the most
important metric to evaluate a company by as it cuts through all the
noise. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=1522f03e-1b11-11ee-921c-c1380b60ecb9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1688558418&t=1688558583&s=70eef0c3b5d6e2554abb837cb45613e26bd95ad6f2b037b72facd6d357f91c2b].