# Articles TLDR Founders 18-09-2023

Most Americans think artificial intelligence will negatively affect
the U.S. job market¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4fa068ec-55f2-11ee-b612-6f0d77fc2a97&pt=campaign&t=1695038632&s=9b2ec5868c90f7c574f3cbf47eb64646c23ea2a97c6dd66eeb3fd2e82fa52b88]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-18

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

THREE IN FOUR AMERICANS BELIEVE AI WILL REDUCE JOBS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.gallup.com/opinion/gallup/510635/three-four-americans-believe-reduce-jobs.aspx/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Most Americans think artificial intelligence will negatively affect
the U.S. job market, with 75% saying it will decrease the total number
of jobs over the next 10 years. 

BOSSES ARE BACK IN CHARGE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/bosses-back-in-charge-rto-workers-layoffs-power-2023-9/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Between RTO, AI, and all the layoffs in tech, it feels like power in
the workplace has shifted away from the employees and back to
employers. 

SOFTBANK MAKES A BILLION-DOLLAR BET ON AUTONOMOUS TRUCKING STARTUP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbinsights.com/research/stack-av-autonomous-trucking/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This is a big shift for SoftBank, who in recent years has been moving
towards doing smaller and more selective deals. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO BE A BETTER SALES EXECUTIVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/how-to-be-a-much-better-sales-executive-in-about-60-seconds/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Whether you‚Äôre a founder doing sales or a sales rep, it seems
we‚Äôve collectively gotten a little bit slower at promptly responding
to customers, follow-ups, and inbound interest. The best way to keep
someone engaged is to not keep them waiting. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM SAMSARA AT ALMOST $1BN ARR (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-samsara-at-almost-1-billion-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Growing 40% YoY between 2022 and 2023 and cash flow positive, Samsara
is back to growth. There are several stats in this article, but
perhaps the standout is how Samsara compensated its sales team on net
new revenue, rather than new logos, allowing them to upsell into their
existing user base or seek out new business. 

HOW TO TAKE TIME OFF AND USE IT WELL (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://mollyg.substack.com/p/time-off/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Jumping directly into a new job or a startup idea straight after
another is a bit like dating immediately after a breakup. You don‚Äôt
want to fall into the ‚Äúrebound‚Äù idea or job. Taking time off
requires planning your finances and setting self-expectations. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

KICK (PRODUCT) [https://kick.co/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Kick provides daily bookkeeping for the modern business owner. 

ONEAUDIO (PRODUCT) [https://www.oneaudio.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Transform voice recordings into clean summarized notes. 

FEATURECAT (PRODUCT) [https://featurecat.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Collect more feedback, plan the right features, and build better
products. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IS FINTECH A HOUSE OF CARDS? (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/09/are-fintech-business-models-sustainable/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The rosy macroeconomic conditions of the 2010s have certainly come to
an end. The relationship between fixed interchange fees, which often
form the staple of fintech revenue, and unfixed increasing interest
rates is putting pressure on newly minted technology companies. 

WHY VENTURE CAPITALISTS WILL OVERPAY FOR SEED ROUNDS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://hunterwalk.com/2023/09/15/venture-capitalists-will-overpay-for-seed-rounds-but-for-reasons-you-likely-havent-considered/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The startup ecosystem has experienced a tumultuous period, with the
transition from a hyper-growth market to one that rewards a different
style of operation. While overall valuations in the seed stage have
remained relatively unchanged, the top decile of startups has been
less impacted than the second decile, largely due to the involvement
of better-known firms who are happy to pay more for a spot on the cap
table. 

HOW TO BECOME AN ANGEL INVESTOR (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hustlefund.vc/post/how-to-become-an-angel-investor?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Most people think that angel investing is for the ultra-wealthy. As it
turns out, the vast majority of angels are investing $1k-$5k into
startups. This in-depth post provides tactical tips for how to get
started. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

SAYING THE HARD THING WHEN IT MATTERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://critter.blog/2023/09/15/i-decide-to-just-not-go-there/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We often avoid having tough conversations or calling out the things in
meetings we really should be. Here‚Äôs a reminder that it‚Äôs okay to
feel uncomfortable or fearful doing it. Learn how to do it anyway. 

JPM TO LAUNCH PAYROLL TO COMPETE WITH SQUARE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/09/14/jpmorgan-to-offer-online-payroll-services.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Partnering with SF-based Gusto, JPM is looking to offer digital
payroll processing in order to appeal to small business customers.
It‚Äôs nice to see an incumbent taking meaningful actions towards
innovation. 

THE AD INDUSTRY BAILED ON NEWS. CAN AN AI SOLUTION OFFER A WAY BACK?
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bigtechnology.com/p/the-ad-industry-bailed-on-news-can?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI is looking to take on several dying markets and news is just
another avenue. This article looks at how AI might be a path forward
for news. We‚Äôre already seeing this happen with smaller local TV
affiliates with some success. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4fa068ec-55f2-11ee-b612-6f0d77fc2a97&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695038453&t=1695038632&s=3a4660f2e4b2c6d1b45024c2e402751df2cf4f2c75e5aa96f1fd3e22009d3274].