# Articles TLDR Founders 16-10-2023

Loom had a $1.53 billion valuation in May 2021, but is now being
acquired by Atlassian for $975m¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f802b872-6c00-11ee-893b-19948a76dd4a&pt=campaign&t=1697457872&s=68e063a5cd7fc335588d170c88de1e5c4a7c1574ef695dc60cbbc1ef27204b92]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-16

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 A BREAKDOWN OF THE RETURNS TO INVESTORS AFTER THE LOOM ACQUISITION (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/philhaslett_tendies-activity-7118308684660645888-Tyax/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Loom had a $1.53 billion valuation in May 2021, but is now being
acquired by Atlassian for $975m. Is this a good outcome for investors?
For most of them, yes. And it seems nobody lost money here. 

 THE SEQUENCE OF $1BN SECTORS BY COUNTRY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/mrstephendeng/status/1712236027405029739/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Taken from 500 Global‚Äôs rise report, this thread breaks down the
sequence of sectors that reach $1bn of aggregated tech company value
per country. Ecommerce and fintech top the leaderboard as the most
common sectors to reach $1bn first. 

 HOW DROPBOX IS TACKLING AI AND WHY IT‚ÄôS GLAD IT DITCHED ITS OFFICES
(8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90964032/how-dropbox-is-tackling-ai-and-why-its-glad-it-ditched-its-offices?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A deep dive into how Dropbox is handling two of the biggest trends
facing startups today: AI and remote work. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 THE REASON CMOS FAIL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/when-you-need-a-cmo-and-the-1-reason-cmos-fail/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Firstly, if you‚Äôre at the earlier stages, you likely don‚Äôt even
need to hire one. Stick with a VP of Marketing or Growth. But when you
do, the biggest cause of CMO failure is butting heads with the CEO on
marketing strategy. CEO founders often know their market better than
anyone, and in the process, have become great marketers. CMOs, work
with your CEO to co-own the strategy. 

 BUILDING BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTS WITH STRIPE‚ÄôS HEAD OF DESIGN (1 HOUR 34
MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/building-beautiful-products-with#details/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Katie Dill is the Head of Design at Stripe. She was previously the
Head of Experience Design at Airbnb and Head of Design at Lyft. In
this podcast, Dill covers the elements of great design, what to look
for when hiring a designer, and various lessons learned on leadership
and scaling organizations. 

 USE INVERSION FOR BETTER DECISION-MAKING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://fs.blog/inversion/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 It‚Äôs often easier to avoid making stupid decisions than it is to
make excellent ones. Inversion thinking is a mental model that
encourages you to invert problems and define what will lead to
guaranteed failure. Now you have your guardrails and know what to
avoid. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 YC APPLICATION OPTIMIZER (PRODUCT)
[https://www.knowsilos.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Boost your YC chances with an AI trained on funded applications. 

 NUDGE (PRODUCT) [https://www.nudgenow.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 In-app experiences to activate, retain, and understand users. 

 SKYLEAD (PRODUCT) [https://skylead.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Close 3x more deals with LinkedIn and unlimited email outreach. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 MAKING HARD DECISIONS AND WORKING THROUGH TOUGH TIMES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/connect-enterprise-hard-decisions-tough-times/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 a16z brought top executives together to talk about leadership. This
link contains both written and recorded highlights from the sessions
where they share their experiences launching products, navigating
tough times, and generally running 21st-century software businesses. 

 THE $100M VALUATION TRAP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/10/14/100m-valuation-and-no-more-funding/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 As founders, it‚Äôs easy to become engrossed in the thrill of
securing funding, expanding the team, and growing the business. But if
you raise north of a $100m valuation, you‚Äôre binding expectations to
an outcome that‚Äôs really really hard to achieve. Knowing the ceiling
you want to take it to and not over-raising is a useful strategy. 

 MAKING HARD THINGS EASY (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://jvns.ca/blog/2023/10/06/new-talk--making-hard-things-easy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 An excellent talk on why some things are hard to learn and how to
make them easier. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 COMPOUND YOUR RELATIONSHIPS (1 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0wEuU_S1DY/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 When it comes to relationships, don‚Äôt optimize for the short term.
Play long term games with people. 

 WHY AREN'T THERE MORE 80% JOBS? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://evertpot.com/on-80-percent-jobs/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 4-day work weeks might feel like a stretch for a lot of founders, but
what about 80% work weeks? In other words, 80% of the time, for 80% of
the pay. A lot of operators would probably take this tradeoff in order
to restore a bit of balance to their lives. For the salary cost of 4
employees at 40 hours, you get 5 employees at 32 hours. Why aren‚Äôt
more people doing this? 

 A FEW LAWS OF GETTING RICH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/a-few-laws-of-getting-rich/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A quick read about happiness and being rich with some choice quotes
from the likes of Rick Rubin and Will Smith. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f802b872-6c00-11ee-893b-19948a76dd4a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697457709&t=1697457872&s=836b8db52bf0724164f84e86686bdb3bb59522e9bf479ce8df152c4e18d211f1].