# Articles TLDR Founders 27-10-2023

Globally, consumers acquire 80 billion new items annually¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f75d0f22-74ba-11ee-92c8-a3b3b40717d7&pt=campaign&t=1698408236&s=c1dfb4525a265ffb4048679c5890a3a79e9ff32898eb922399bafe036927cd17]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-27

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 THE RESALE REVOLUTION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/the-resale-revolution-fashionably/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The average American woman owns 103 pieces of clothing. Globally,
consumers acquire 80 billion new items annually‚Äîa figure that‚Äôs up
400% from 20 years ago. And we only use 20% of our clothes. Wild
statistics, so what‚Äôs the opportunity for startups in this market? 

 WHAT AI MEANS FOR YOUR PRODUCT STRATEGY (83 MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/what-ai-means-for-your-product-strategy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Paul Adam, a long-term CP at Intercom, discusses the ways AI is going
to impact the world (and your tech stack). There‚Äôs quite a bit of
fear-setting in this conversation, so if this doesn‚Äôt inspire you to
look into how you should be using AI, I don‚Äôt know what will. 

 ANDREESSEN HOROWITZ MAY BE OPTIMISTIC ABOUT TECH, BUT IT‚ÄôS STILL
SLOWING ITS DEAL PACE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/andreessen-horowitz-slowing-deal-pace-ai-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Even with ‚ÄúSoftware Is Eating The World‚Äù and the ‚ÄúThe
Techno-Optimist Manifesto‚Äù, a16z has definitely pulled back in 2023.
Here it is by the numbers. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM FRESHWORKS AT $600M IN ARR (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-freshworks-at-600000000-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The theme across these lessons is simply that Freshworks seems to be
crossing the chasm into enterprise successfully. As it does so, it‚Äôs
ramping up its product-led growth motion to ensure it‚Äôs still
winning SMBs whilst its sales focus is diverted to the larger users. 

 HOW TO TELL IF YOUR VP IS TOO HARD TO WORK WITH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/is-your-vp-too-hard-to-work-with-the-2-hour-rule/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Groupthink can stifle innovation in companies. Opinionated VPs are
great - you want there to be a degree of friction. However, as a
general rule, if a VP is taking up more than two hours of your time
per week, perhaps you need to dig into what‚Äôs going wrong. 

 WHERE ARE THE OPPORTUNITIES FOR NEW STARTUPS IN GENERATIVE AI (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/point-nine-news/where-are-the-opportunities-for-new-startups-in-generative-ai-f48068b5f8f9?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A solid breakdown of the categories of opportunities for generative
AI startups in the coming years. Lots of great links to other related
reads that augment this post as well. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 HELPBAR (PRODUCT) [https://www.helpbar.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 In-app universal search, navigation, and AI-answers for SaaS. 

 RESOLVEAI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.resolveai.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Resolve 50% of your support tickets instantly. 

 TABULAR (PRODUCT) [https://tabular.email/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Create responsive on-brand emails intuitively. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HIRING BENCHMARKS PRE-SERIES A (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://seedcamp.com/hiring-benchmarks-pre-series-a-data-from-across-the-seedcamp-portfoli/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Seedcamp, an early-stage VC in Europe, has mapped out the hiring
decisions from 60 of their portfolio companies with less than 20
employees. There are not a lot of surprises here. Across most sectors,
engineers comprise over 50% of the first 20 hires. Sales hire types
depended on the sales motion being product-led or sales-led, and early
marketing hires became more frequent if the startup was in a
competitive space. 

 A CRASH COURSE IN M&A (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/a-crash-course-in-m-and-a/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Exactly what it says on the tin. This long read dives into the basics
of M&A and how they impact the market we like to play in. The reasons
behind why mergers and acquisitions happen might surprise you. 

 THE BIG RESET IN SEED TO SERIES A GRADUATIONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://chudson.substack.com/p/the-big-reset-in-seed-to-series-a/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Series A funds are sitting on more capital now than ever before, but
the rates of startups receiving Series A funding are low. Series A
fund sizes are huge, so the required exit potential of companies they
fund needs to be even bigger. This means investors are being really
particular about what they invest in ‚Äì the bar has been raised. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 THE TIKTOK GIRL IS RIGHT: MODERNITY AND THE 9-TO-5 (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kyla.substack.com/p/the-tiktok-girl-is-right-modernity?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A contrarian look at the TikTok girl who told the world about her
struggles with the 9-to-5 life (note: not her work, just the
lifestyle). The working world is changing and we all know things
‚Äúbleed‚Äù over from one area of our lives to another. The new
modernity does not happily coexist with the 9-to-5. 

 SMART THINGS I‚ÄôVE READ LATELY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/smart-things-ive-read-lately/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Random quotes and recent thoughts from some of the brightest minds
out there. Just a little something to make you think a little more
than just founders-first. 

 ENTREPRENEURS HAVE TO BE HUNGRY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/entrepreneurs-have-to-be-hungry-732b4530f1bf?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 ‚ÄòFire-in-the-belly‚Äô is hard to quantify but it is something that
definitely drives the (serial) entrepreneur. This in-depth read shares
a bit about that hunger and how to make sure you keep it alive and
burning through all phases of your career or startup lifecycle. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f75d0f22-74ba-11ee-92c8-a3b3b40717d7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698408095&t=1698408236&s=6ba6fe75ae74b9f6f5123cfcdce0252943447771e70a605dd3615e8a7377c343].