# Articles TLDR Founders 08-05-2023

Greg Isenberg predicts that there will be many successful one-person
businesses generating over $25 million annually in the next five
years¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=eedca9b2-ed6e-11ed-968b-4fc09c409073&pt=campaign&t=1683554789&s=1a1c921836a065c06f1c3be50a43383ed8059d838b36ad1fb3253b75dda31b4e]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-08

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

THE RISE OF THE SOLOPRENEURS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1655198797285163008.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Greg Isenberg predicts that there will be many successful one-person
businesses generating over $25 million annually in the next five
years, with AI being a key factor in their success. It's a trend we're
following closely. 

10 IMPRESSIVE 1-PERSON COMPANIES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1601964069023531011.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Related to above, this thread breaks down how 10 impressive 1-person
employees that generate millions in revenue achieved it. 

HEADCOUNT AS A NEGATIVE SIGNAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1654892559276154886.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In this thread, Anand Sanwal discusses how headcount is not the
positive signal many founders believe it is, but, in reality, a
negative signal. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

MASTERING PAID GROWTH (95 MINUTE PODCAST)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/mastering-paid-growth-jonathan-becker-thrive-digital/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A podcast with Jonathan Becker, the founder and president of Thrive
Digital, on how to properly execute a paid growth strategy for your
startup. 

USING A NICHE NEWSLETTER AS A GROWTH STRATEGY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1654825852620742658.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Michael Houck breaks down how to build an email list and a newsletter
as a way to drive growth and revenue to your startup. 

THE DECOY EFFECT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1497950095228080137.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A thread on how companies like Starbucks and AMC use psychology and
the ‚Äúdecoy effect‚Äù as a pricing strategy. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

SCREEN STUDIO (PRODUCT)
[https://www.screen.studio/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

I'm personally a huge fan of the application (not a paid
advertisement). They make it very easy to create beautiful promo
videos for your digital product (MacOS only). 

FILM.AI (PRODUCT) [https://flim.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Film is an AI-powered search engine to help you find the perfect image
to express your ideas. 

HACKER NEWS RECAP (PRODUCT)
[https://hackernewsrecap.buzzsprout.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

An AI-generated podcast that recaps some of the top posts on Hacker
News each day. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

LIFE AFTER GOLDEN HANDCUFFS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://radreads.co/golden-handcuffs/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author left Wall Street at 35 to have more control over his time
and prioritize family life over material possessions. He shares eight
lessons he has learned since leaving, including valuing tiny moments,
showing up consistently, avoiding over-specialization, and finding
"enough" in life. 

FRESHWORKS: 5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-freshworks-at-560000000-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason breaks down a few interesting learnings from Freshworks. Growth
may be slowing but they continue to beat expectations. 

I PRODUCE MY BEST WORK WHEN I TRANSFORM INTO A LONE WOLF (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://archive.is/xpBPk?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author discusses the benefits of listening before speaking and the
advantages of working alone in a noisy world. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EVERY ENTREPRENEUR I LOOK UP TO THINKS POSITIVE SUM (TWEET)
[https://twitter.com/dickiebush/status/1655226056394039301?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In a brief summary, Dickie Bush outlines four simple methods that
entrepreneurs use to adopt a positive-sum mindset. 

AI VS. AGI VS. CONSCIOUSNESS VS. SUPER-INTELLIGENCE VS. AGENCY (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.secondbreakfast.co/p/ai-vs-agi-vs-consciousness-vs-super-intelligence-vs-agency?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article explores the differences between the different levels of
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and how GPT-4 comes closer to AGI because
of its ability to perform various tasks. As more people gain access to
plugins and browser capabilities, we can expect this to revolutionize
the way companies operate and people work. 

HOW ARE YOU USING CHATGPT INTERNALLY AT YOUR COMPANY? (HN THREAD)
[https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=35846386?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A hacker news thread diving into how people are using ChatGPT at work,
with answers ranging from as a coding assistant to translating emails
and documents for international customers. 

THE SECRET PLAYBOOK TO RAISE BILLIONS AS A DEEP TECH FOUNDER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1654125807860858882.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A fun satirical thread on how to become rich as a deep tech founder. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=eedca9b2-ed6e-11ed-968b-4fc09c409073&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683554425&t=1683554789&s=e5a445ed3b50b71449709459e3f49dac1f7106e1ced7b997a2d1e8625ef9bcba].


¬†