# Articles TLDR Founders 25-08-2023

Nvidias revenue grew 88% in Q2 2023.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=5f7f436c-4339-11ee-a488-3d52296c4866&pt=campaign&t=1692965003&s=f428ef02d69fca1f9c43b869bd1f760e6d22a6a5f4b4354687c6b7245cb17ea4]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-25

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

ADYEN SAW $20 BILLION WIPED OFF ITS VALUE IN A SINGLE DAY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/apocalypse-selling-adyen-shares-spooks-investors-2023-08-17/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Adyen reported earnings that missed expectations, a first since it
went public in 2018, causing investors to sell in droves. 

KLARNA ANNOUNCES HUGE GROWTH IN KEY EUROPEAN MARKETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.klarna.com/international/press/europe-turns-pink-klarna-announces-huge-growth-in-key-european-markets/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Klarna famously raised $800m in 2022 at an 85% lower valuation than a
prior round. For a lot of the tech world, this was the confirmation of
a turning point from the heights of 2021. We‚Äôre watching this
comeback story closely. 

NVIDIA IS INSANELY PROFITABLE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/early-days-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Nvidia's revenue grew 88% in Q2 2023. Its operating costs have only
increased by 15% in the last year. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

USE FUNDRAISING AS A FEEDBACK LOOP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thisisgoingtobebig.com/blog/2023/8/23/the-bs-list-we-dont-like-this-space-no-52]


If you‚Äôve been through the fundraising gauntlet, you‚Äôve probably
heard, ‚ÄúThanks, but this space just isn‚Äôt for us‚Äù. Often this is
a proxy for the investor simply not being sold on you yet. Use this
junction as an opportunity to ask specifically what terrible things
about startups in this space the VC is trying to avoid and feed that
into your deck for the next pitch. 

TO PLG OR NOT TO PLG (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/to-plg-or-not-plg/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Product-led growth means that your product has the ability to acquire,
activate, engage, or monetize without human intervention. For B2B,
it‚Äôs not a question of whether you should invest in product-led
growth, but rather when and how. This article provides some useful
frameworks to consider when setting out on this journey. 

ACQUIRING 5 MILLION USERS WITHOUT GETTING LUCKY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/HamzaAlsamraee/status/1694752080341135464?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A simple method to consistently have your short-form content go viral
is to find quality content in a similar niche through TikTok top ads,
remix it, and push forward the ones that do well based on data. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

BLOC (PRODUCT) [https://www.askbloc.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Bloc is an AI chatbot that assists you with sales, customer support,
and skimming through long content. 

GAMMA (PRODUCT) [https://gamma.app/?lng=en?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Gamma uses AI to generate working presentations, documents, and
webpages in under a minute. 

OPENCOPILOT (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/openchatai/opencopilot?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

An open source AI copilot for your SaaS product. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MANAGEMENT: ‚ÄúTHE TROUGH OF ZERO DOPAMINE‚Äù (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.benkuhn.net/newmgr/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

It‚Äôs hard to know if you‚Äôre doing a good job as a manager. The
feedback loops are either long or unclear. Being a good manager
requires a completely different set of skills to what you‚Äôve likely
built before. This takes time, and you‚Äôll need to get comfortable
with making a lot of mistakes along the way. 

THE CLOUD 100 REPORT BY FORBES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/lists/cloud100/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Forbes has released its eighth annual Cloud 100 list, ranking the
world's top private cloud computing companies. This year's list
reflects the impact of market contraction on the industry, with AI
companies like OpenAI rising in prominence and traditional cloud
leaders facing challenges. 

CLOUD UNIT ECONOMICS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.onlycfo.io/p/cloud-unit-economics?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Unit economics in SaaS involves understanding how customer acquisition
and revenue impact a company's financials. It encompasses metrics like
CAC payback period, LTV-to-CAC ratio, and expansion potential, which
are crucial for assessing profitability and guiding growth strategies
in SaaS businesses. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE $100,000,000 VALUATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/the-100000000-valuation-the-last-stop-before-ipo-or-bust/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


If you‚Äôre playing the venture funding game, whatever valuation you
raise at, you need to think about achieving an exit several orders of
magnitude higher than that. At a certain point, exit options thin out
and it‚Äôs IPO or bust. 

WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU KNEW YOU WOULD FAIL? (1 MINUTE WATCH)
[https://critter.blog/2023/08/24/what-would-you-do-if-you-knew-you-would-fail/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Would you start to pay less attention to the end result and more to
the journey if you knew you would fail? 

FINTECH RAMP ANNOUNCES $300M IN NEW FUNDING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://ramp.com/blog/ramp-august-2023-funding/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The round was co-led by existing backer Thrive Capital and new
investor Sands Capital at a post-money valuation of $5.8 billion, 28%
lower than its previous valuation. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=5f7f436c-4339-11ee-a488-3d52296c4866&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692964830&t=1692965003&s=9a257bfc732c9cfca3f742c8191bc68c94b2c0a1364a5b7283ff964809e7451a].