# Articles TLDR Founders 06-10-2023

While Google may be behind a bit in the AI game, they are leaning hard
into their advantage of all-the-eyeballs-in-the-universe¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=047ede88-6426-11ee-a4ad-fd4edbb7ebe6&pt=campaign&t=1696593916&s=240707cc74295c1ee62148c9b02cd4bb12ae00e8a77dfab5d92b2d2b93a57018]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-06

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SAAS COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE THROUGH ELEGANT LLM FEEDBACK MECHANISMS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/easy-feedback-ml-bard/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

While Google may be behind a bit in the AI game, they are leaning hard
into their advantage of all-the-eyeballs-in-the-universe. The feedback
loop on making sure results are positive is tight and depending on how
they utilize it, could be a differentiator. Don‚Äôt count the GOOG out
just yet. 

GLOBAL VENTURE FUNDING IN Q3 2023 FALLS AGAIN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/global-venture-funding-instacart-klaviyo-q3-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A great recap of Q3 funding across a variety of sectors. The short
version: things are down except for the hot spaces and no end in sight
for the IPO market slump. 

THE HYPER-PERSONALIZATION OF EVERYTHING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/the-hyper-personalization-of-everything?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A detailed take on how AI is going to impact the digital world as it
relates to the individual consumer. Just as in media, hyper
personalization makes it tough to build (or maintain) a juggernaut but
also opens up so many opportunities for niche brands that can find
their users. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HUBSPOT MARKETING VS. KLAVIYO: TWO TITANS, TWO PATHS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/hubspot-marketing-vs-klaviyo-two-titans-two-paths/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

With so much of their data out in the open as public companies, it‚Äôs
hard not to compare and contrast these two behemoths. One is focused
on e-commerce, while the other takes a broader approach. They are both
growing at crazy rates. 

THE THIN LINE BETWEEN BOLD AND RECKLESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/the-thin-line-between-bold-and-reckless/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article explores the Vanderbilt of yesteryear and asks whether we
could possibly be as reckless again today. History always repeats
itself and looking at it, especially with a lens on the current
technology cycle, always yields helpful insights. 

IT‚ÄôS TIME TO RAISE YOUR DEBT FACILITY: EXECUTION TACTICS FOR
FOUNDERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/its-time-to-raise-your-debt-facility-execution-tactics-for-founders/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article is a deep dive into funding options outside of equity. It
is the first part of a multi-part series that covers debt options for
startups. It is a great primer for those new to (or revisiting) the
topic. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

DATALENS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/datalens-tech/datalens?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A modern business intelligence and data visualization system. 

AI SEO MY SITE (PRODUCT)
[https://www.thesamur.ai/ai-site-seo-score?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Determine whether your website is searchable and rankable by AI-driven
search engines and discover ways to enhance its visibility. 

NUREPLY (PRODUCT) [https://nureply.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Send AI-powered cold emails with unlimited automations. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHEELS OF JUSTICE SLOW TO ACCEPT LEGAL TECH AS FUNDING FALLS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/policy-regulation/ai-legal-tech-funding-falls-2023/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Even with the onslaught of AI company funding in the last year, legal
tech has slowed significantly. The view from the trenches is there is
a lot of noise out there with new companies appearing regularly but
not a lot of meat on the bones or sales on the books just yet. It will
be curious to see if this is a trend or just a blip. 

OPEN SOURCE AI BUSINESS MODELS & BRAND MOATS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.michaeldempsey.me/blog/2023/10/03/open-source-ai-business-models-brand-moats/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôve seen how open source models can work and thrive over the last
25+ years and even as they mature and become more ‚Äúclosed‚Äù
(*cough* Redhat *cough*), the model has lasting impacts. In the face
of AI, not all playbooks are the same. This article provides a
thoughtful and in-depth review of open source models and how AI will
play in this. 

GIVING AND RECEIVING ADVICE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://thelivingfossils.substack.com/p/giving-and-receiving-advice?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Giving and receiving advice is fraught with complexities due to
varying motivations and the presence of ambivalence in advice-seekers.
It's vital to navigate advice with discernment, acknowledging that
valuable guidance can sometimes come from unexpected sources. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT DO VENTURE CAPITALISTS DO? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/what-do-venture-capitalists-do?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A nostalgic look at a research paper from 1984 around what VCs do all
day and a view on how all of that has changed. And boy, has it
changed. 

VENTURE CAPITAL TERM SHEET: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.hustlefund.vc/post/venture-capital-term-sheet?utm_source=tldrfounders]

When a venture fund wants to invest in a startup, it sends the
founders a term sheet. As the name suggests, this short document
details the terms and conditions upon which the fund intends to
invest. 

MEDIOCRE SUCCESS IS WORSE THAN OUTRIGHT FAILURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/mediocre-success-is-worse-than-outright-failure-48f88d6e-920c-4eec-a253-e9cbbf165e9f?utm_source=tldrfounders]

For startups, ambiguous "mediocre successes" in experiments are more
detrimental than clear failures, as they hinder decisive learning and
growth. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=047ede88-6426-11ee-a4ad-fd4edbb7ebe6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696593619&t=1696593916&s=0bc1b931b02f09cbd57d58bc131c8a89413c1705b3aa8e5076f12919a89e05a2].