# Articles TLDR Founders 22-05-2023

Women consumers preferences and needs are driving significant shifts
in markets¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=aacb5316-f860-11ed-9744-33c0ef11e8b2&pt=campaign&t=1684757294&s=1b33a3d26c4d66be0051aedc84023b78a54e5a93dc2ca7c755b8840738627028]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-22

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

INTERCOM'S AI EVOLUTION (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/intercom-des-traynor?utm_source=tldrfounders]


An interview with co-founder and Chief Strategy Officer, Des Traynor.
Intercom's implementation of AI, particularly with their chatbot Fin,
has generated significant demand in the customer support industry,
transforming the way businesses handle queries and freeing up support
teams for more complex issues. 

UNLOCKING THE TRILLION DOLLAR FEMALE ECONOMY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/05/21/unlocking-the-trillion-dollar-female-economy/?guccounter=1?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article discusses the massive potential of the female economy,
projected to be worth trillions of dollars. Women consumers'
preferences and needs are driving significant shifts in markets. The
author suggests that businesses must understand and respond to these
changes, as they could unlock vast economic opportunities. 

DATA IN THE AGE OF AI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://pivotal.substack.com/p/data-in-the-age-of-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Abraham Thomas emphasizes the critical role of data in the age of AI.
He discusses the increasing need for well-managed, high-quality data
to train and optimize AI models. Furthermore, he elaborates on the
data flywheel effect, where the more data you collect and use, the
better your AI model can become, leading to enhanced products and
services and attracting more users, thus generating more data. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE STARBUCKS TEST (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mbrandolph.medium.com/the-starbucks-test-38ae91d7c1?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Marc Randolph, Netflix Co-Founder, says validate your business idea
and refine your pitch by conducting the "Starbucks Test" - approach
people at Starbucks, offer them coffee in exchange for a two-minute
pitch, and gain valuable insights to improve your messaging and
understand customer needs. 

COACHES VS. CHEERLEADERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://breakingpoint.substack.com/p/coaches-vs-cheerleaders?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Being a founder requires both cheerleaders and coaches who provide
unwavering support and critical feedback to help navigate the
challenges of entrepreneurship. 

HOW DO YOU OVERCOME "STAGE FRIGHT" AS A FIRST TIME CEO? (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/life-like-entrepreneur-one-overcome-stage-fright/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Conquer stage fright by embracing repetition, delivering shorter and
more impactful presentations, pitching something you would personally
buy, and focusing on sharing your genuine enthusiasm. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

DAMN GOOD TOOLS (PRODUCT LAUNCH)
[https://www.producthunt.com/posts/damn-good-tools?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Easy-to-use, fun productivity tools - free & open-source 

SAY WHAT? ADD SURPRISE WORDS FOR MUST-CLICK TITLES (100 EXAMPLES) (6
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/xvnY3?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Easy guide to better titles and more clicks. 

FRAME (PRODUCT) [https://www.frame.so/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Frame is the all-in-one collaboration OS for startups. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MANY STARTUPS WILL REACCELERATE GROWTH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/05/20/many-startups-will-reaccelerate-growth/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


While startups are currently grappling with decreased consumption
revenue and higher churn rates, the underlying strong business models
and the elimination of one-time growth anomalies and churn will pave
the way for renewed growth in the future. 

I RETURNED TO THE WORKPLACE 2 YEARS AFTER MAKING AN EXIT ‚Äî THIS
TIME, I ENJOYED IT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/KTJRl?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The author endorses taking time away from work. Returning to the
workplace with a better understanding of business dynamics,
relationships, and personal growth can lead to a more successful and
fulfilling experience. 

LESSONS FROM SCALING SPOTIFY (84 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/lessons-from-scaling-spotify-the-science-of-product-taking-risky-bets-and-how-ai-is-already-impacting-the-future-of-music-gustav-soderstrom-co-president-cpo-and-cto-at-spotify/#transcript?utm_source=tldrfounders]


An interview with Gustav S√∂derstr√∂m, Co-President, CPO, and CTO of
Spotify, on the lessons he learned scaling Spotify into the giant it
is today. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHEN TO GO MULTIPRODUCT IN SAAS -- AND WHY WE DID IT SO EARLY (VIDEO)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/jasonlk/status/1659928211374112768?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jake Altman, CEO of Lattice, discusses his approach to leading his
team in developing multiple products as a bundled offering instead of
focusing solely on mastering a single product. 

CONSTELLATION SOFTWARE IS THE BEST SERIAL ACQUIRER IN THE WORLD (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1660262722594914304.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Since its IPO in 2006, the company has successfully acquired over 500
companies, transforming an initial investment of $25 million into an
impressive $35 billion. Explore the thread for further details. 

BEWARE OF OPTIMIZATION JUNKIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://latecheckout.substack.com/p/beware-of-optimization-junkies?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article cautions against the overreliance on optimization in
business. It argues that while optimization can improve processes,
focusing too much on it can hinder innovation and long-term growth.
Instead, Greg Isenberg emphasizes the need for balance, suggesting
that while optimization has its place, it's equally important to take
risks and explore novel ideas. 

THE STORYTELLING FLYWHEEL (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1658842963886129154.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Tweet thread on the storytelling flywheel at the heart of all of
Convertkit‚Äôs brand marketing efforts. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=aacb5316-f860-11ed-9744-33c0ef11e8b2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1684756863&t=1684757294&s=7d2112c8888fbe0e1e1f645df3d4ac31cab71f8a2f2b53c0faba0dbd8aa424d3].


¬†