# Articles TLDR Founders 11-08-2023

The traditional B2B marketing playbook didn‚Äôt land for Pinecone‚Äôs
product.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=6f1ccf70-3825-11ee-8729-97eca525e370&pt=campaign&t=1691755412&s=6f1b6bb40e0d5fdb8ce29dcdfecb51105be20fe021bca091898d6adc4b78e3df]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-11

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

SURPRISING DATA POINTS ABOUT THE VENTURE CAPITAL MARKET (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/carta-state-of-the-market-report/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Tomasz slices-and-dices his thoughts on the Carta report on funding
outlook based on data from the last few quarters. It contains some
good news and some bad news. Must read for sure. 

SOFTBANK POSTS A LOSS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/08/softbank-posts-loss-with-a-cumulative-loss-of-6-3b-in-its-vision-fund-business/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

SoftBank tallies up its numbers, which show a cumulative loss of $6.3B
in its Vision Fund business. 

BLOCK SHUTS EUROPEAN P2P PAYMENTS BRAND VERSE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/42741/block-shuts-european-p2p-payments-brand-verse/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Block is shutting down the Cash App's Verse brand in the EU and its
BNPL platform Clearpay in Spain, France, and Italy to invest into
other areas. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO TURN A PROMISING START-UP INTO A TECH GIANT (30 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://offtolunch.substack.com/p/how-to-turn-a-promising-start-up/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Former Google and Stripe executive Claire Johnson tells the inside
story of how the two companies went from promising tech start-ups to
big businesses and how it was often chaos behind-the-scenes. 

PINECONE‚ÄôS JOURNEY FROM SEED TO 10,000 SIGN-UPS PER DAY (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/pinecones-journey-from-seed-to-10000/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We‚Äôve posted a lot about product-led growth (PLG) lately. This is
another great example of a company nailing PLG. The key takeaways
include being really thoughtful about who you‚Äôre building the
product for, focusing on a defined persona, and then making their
pathway to try your product as frictionless as possible. The
traditional B2B marketing playbook didn‚Äôt land for Pinecone‚Äôs
product. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM ATLASSIAN AT $3.2 BILLION IN ARR (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-atlassian-at-3-2-billion-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Atlassian has been focusing on upsells to its existing user base,
acquiring large new logos, and improving operational efficiencies by
hiring slower and reducing non-discretionary spending. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

RECAST (PRODUCT) [https://www.letsrecast.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Recast turns your want-to-read articles into rich audio summaries. 

THREADO (PRODUCT) [https://www.threado.com/ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Threado provides instant customer support in Slack and Discord. 

RAIZER (PRODUCT) [https://raizer.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Raizer is a database of 51,000+ investors for your startup. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE FUTURE OF TECHNOLOGY LOOKS A LOT LIKE...PIXAR? (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/the-future-of-technology-looks-a/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Pixar changed the animation game in movies. Generative AI tools are
changing it once again by supercharging what everyday people can do
with animations. What will be interesting to see is how IP owners
license out content in a world of AI-powered creation. 

A FEW STORIES ABOUT BIG DECISIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/a-few-stories-about-big-decisions/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

It is infinitely easier to build a narrative around things in
retrospect, but it‚Äôs fascinating how seemingly small decisions can
have profound long-term consequences. These short stories are a nice
reminder that there‚Äôs still an emotional human behind all the data
and insights. 

PRACTICE MAKES PERFECT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://marcrandolph.com/practice-makes-perfect/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Oftentimes people who appear like a natural at something have simply
spent a lot of time getting it wrong. Whether you‚Äôre pitching to
investors, recruiting, or convincing your partner why this new startup
idea is worth leaving your job, it all comes down to practicing how
you deliver the message. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PEEK INTO THE LATEST YC BATCH IN THEIR NEW FOUNDER FAQ SERIES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/blog/founder-faq/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Now that YC is back in person, we see a little less content around
what they‚Äôre up to. These short clips give some insight into YC's
latest cohort and the founders in it. 

WHY DO PEOPLE THINK THE ECONOMY IS BAD? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://kyla.substack.com/p/why-do-people-think-the-economy-is?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An exploration into why people feel like the economy is bad, even
though the metrics show that the economy is actually doing pretty
good. 

EDTECH IS NO LONGER A FUNDING FAVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/edtech/education-tech-startups-funding-falling-2023-byjus/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In 2021 and 2022, there were more than 60 EdTech companies that raised
rounds of $100M or more. There has been no such financing in 2023. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=6f1ccf70-3825-11ee-8729-97eca525e370&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1691755238&t=1691755412&s=5194868cead5dabd506564d3988de6f3f34ae7be861b8282157cda46a841b746].