# Articles TLDR Founders 23-10-2023

The State of AI Report analyzes the most interesting developments in
AI¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f89c2e3c-7176-11ee-84eb-b763671651e8&pt=campaign&t=1698062665&s=2357acc8fd9b420a2ea4bccfdf85206c5928c912843d810992f551a46e749955]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Segment]
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-23

 ANSWER YOUR MOST PRESSING PRODUCT USAGE QUESTIONS, FREE, WITH SEGMENT
FOR STARTUPS (SPONSOR)
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]


 Whether you‚Äôre product-led growth or sales-led, you need to know
how people are using your product. This means answering questions
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]
like: ‚ÄúAre people using our product? Which features are popular? Are
users returning WoW?‚Äù
Do you have these answers at your fingertips? Most startups don‚Äôt -
because product analytics
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]
costs too much time and money.

It‚Äôs time to put these excuses to rest. Segment
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=AI-List&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]
is the gold standard tool that helps you collect, clean, and act on
your customer data ‚Äî and now it‚Äôs free for early-stage startups
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023].

4.05 minutes to apply. Potential savings of >$50k. Let‚Äôs go.
[https://segment.typeform.com/to/S6MSYuLt?partner_code=TLDR&segment_code=Founders-list&touchpoint_code=Oct-2023]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 HIGHLIGHTS FROM THE STATE OF AI REPORT 2023 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://nathanbenaich.substack.com/p/welcome-to-the-state-of-ai-report/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The State of AI Report analyzes the most interesting developments in
AI. The full report is 161 pages long, so here‚Äôs the director's cut
showing the highlights. 

 THE CONVERGENCE OF DATA AND SOFTWARE ENGINEERING IN THE AGE OF AI (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/data-engineering/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 AI needs data to work, meaning data functions are getting closer to
the core of the product-building process and moving away from internal
business intelligence. 

 HOW PRIVATE COMPANIES CAN ADAPT THEIR EQUITY PLANNING TO TODAY‚ÄôS
MARKET (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cbinsights.com/research/equity-planning-ipos-down-rounds/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The private market seems to be split into the haves and have-nots,
those with PMF and stable income and those without. This report
suggests that the bottom line is talent. A strong and committed
workforce is the main driver of success in the current environment.
Incentivize them accordingly with the right stock options. This
article explores a few options. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 FUNDRAISING ADVICE FOR FINTECH INFRA STARTUPS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://notes.mtb.xyz/p/fintech-infra-fundraising/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 There‚Äôs a lot of generalist fundraising advice out there, but a lot
of it doesn‚Äôt apply to fintech startups building B2B2X
infrastructure. Here are some thoughts from an early-stage fintech
investor on how you can differentiate yourself and raise successfully.


 WHAT TO DO IF YOUR TOP SALES PEOPLE ARE LEAVING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dear-saastr-my-top-sales-rep-made-600000-a-year-and-just-quit-what-happened/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The main driver for their departure is likely ongoing change, and the
best antidote is effective communication. Sellers don‚Äôt like having
to work harder each year to stay in the same relative position. 

 TALENTED ENTREPRENEURS WORKING ON THE WRONG IDEA (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/10/21/talented-entrepreneurs-working-on-the-wrong-idea/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A few key tips on thinking about if you‚Äôre working on the right
ideas as a founder. It‚Äôs hard to see the forest for the trees when
you‚Äôre in it, but this article gives a good take on ways to think
through it. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 HELPIX (PRODUCT) [https://helpix.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Solve most customer questions on autopilot. 

 ADEDITOR (PRODUCT) [https://www.adeditor.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Ad creation made simple by using your existing assets. 

 WEEN (PRODUCT) [https://www.ween.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 An AI platform that turns qualitative data into actionable insights. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW LEADERS ENGAGE IQ AND EQ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesbooksauthors/2023/10/20/how-leaders-engage-iq-and-eq/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 It‚Äôs not about having one or the other - leaders need to have both
and know when to deploy them. High EQ leaders are empathetic and good
at rallying people together for a common cause. High IQ leaders are
analytical and strategic. To be the best, you need a bit of both. 

 FIVE AREAS OF AI OPPORTUNITY ACCORDING TO SNOWFLAKE‚ÄôS AHMAD KHAN (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://lsvp.com/five-areas-of-ai-opportunity-according-to-snowflakes-ahmad-khan/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The dust is settling now that the AI hype has started to subside.
Digging in, where are the real opportunities in AI? 

 METRICS THAT CANNOT EVEN BE MEASURED IN RETROSPECT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/unmeasurable-metrics/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Some of the most important metrics are impossible to measure even
after the fact. Staying clear of these metrics could be key to your
success. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 HOW TO FIGURE OUT IF YOU‚ÄôRE WORKING ON THE WRONG IDEA (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/10/21/talented-entrepreneurs-working-on-the-wrong-idea/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Building in the wrong market can feel like pushing a boulder up a
hill. With the right market, there‚Äôs a natural pull for your
product, rather than only a push. The key takeaway here is to
constantly ask your prospects this question: ‚Äúdoes this solution
solve your most pressing issue?‚Äù 

 EMOTIONAL LABOR IS HOW WE DIFFERENTIATE FROM AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/10/emotional-labor-and-its-consequences/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Showing up with a smile and a handshake is something AI can‚Äôt do,
for now. 

 WHY YOU SHOULD ADD FRICTION TO YOUR ONBOARDING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://wraptext.equals.com/why-you-should-add-friction-to-your-onboarding/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Contrary to popular belief, making it harder to sign up for your
product might actually be beneficial. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=f89c2e3c-7176-11ee-84eb-b763671651e8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698062521&t=1698062665&s=dffc7e69a98c8c87b94a599b83ac35100309da87351d77db130b4241596d026a].