# Articles TLDR Founders 08-09-2023

The idea of personalized services beyond what we have around shopping
is really interesting¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=bdb8dd88-4e30-11ee-9cb7-5be2a4347040&pt=campaign&t=1694174645&s=d8777351880d5179659aaed0752dd7fe9ab3f402600d95e4c2eded3f35fb02fa]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-08

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

LET‚ÄôS GET PERSONAL: WHY AI WILL UNLOCK A MASSIVE MARKET FOR ONLINE
CONSUMER SERVICES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/lets-get-personal-why-ai-will-unlock-a-massive-market-for-online-consumer-services/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The idea of personalized services beyond what we have around shopping
is really interesting and a16z agrees. In this post, a16z breaks down
the opportunities and some of the companies already playing in this
space. 

THE RISE OF DATA LAKES IN SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/data-lakes-in-saas/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The term ‚Äúfracking of user data‚Äù is one that resonates even if the
term fracking has negative connotations. The opportunities around
unstructured data and LLMs as it relates to existing structured
systems like databases are seriously limitless and we‚Äôre only just
now starting to see the opportunities. 

A NEW ‚ÄúGOLDEN AGE‚Äù FOR ALTERNATIVE LENDING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationcapital.com/a-new-golden-age-for-alternative-lending/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Despite economic challenges and a shift in the lending landscape due
to rising interest rates and inflation, we might be coming to a new
era for alternative lending thanks to five catalysts: the return of
affordable capital, the competitive advantage of alternative lenders
in attracting new borrowers, streamlined operations, trust in risk
models, and the potential for market share growth. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

AN INSIDE LOOK AT FIGMA‚ÄôS UNIQUE GTM MOTION (1 HOUR 30 MINUTE
PODCAST)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/an-inside-look-at-figmas-unique-bottom#details?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Figma has been a massive success and a lot of it can be credited to
its early bottoms-up GTM strategy. This interview is with its 10th
employee, the person responsible for that strategy. Great listen. 

ONBOARDING EXECUTIVES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/09/onboarding-executives?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article walks through some of the things to consider as you‚Äôre
onboarding an executive. While these may seem obvious, in the
rough-and-tumble world of daily startup life, they can get lost in the
shuffle. Always a good refresher. 

10 ESSENTIAL STEPS TOWARD BUILDING A DIGITAL PR STRATEGY (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://buzzsumo.com/blog/digital-pr-strategy/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A complete guide to boosting your digital brand awareness online, with
methods including defining your audience, researching and building
your list of journalists, and monitoring coverage. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

FREE FOR SELECT STARTUPS: ADD SPEECH-TO-TEXT AND DOMAIN-SPECIFIC
LANGUAGE MODELS TO YOUR APP (SPONSOR)
[https://deepgram.com/startup-program?utm_source=tldr&utm_content=tldr+founders+startup+program&utm_medium=sponsored+newsletter]

AI has made voice-enabled apps
[https://deepgram.com/startup-program?utm_source=tldr&utm_content=tldr+founders+startup+program&utm_medium=sponsored+newsletter]
about 100x more viable than they used to be. Now is the time to
future-proof and differentiate your software with voice capabilities.
The Deepgram Startup Program
[https://deepgram.com/startup-program?utm_source=tldr&utm_content=tldr+founders+startup+program&utm_medium=sponsored+newsletter]
helps technical founders create, launch, and scale voice capabilities
with speech recognition. Apply for up to $100,000 in credits to use
over the next 12 months.
[https://deepgram.com/startup-program?utm_source=tldr&utm_content=tldr+founders+startup+program&utm_medium=sponsored+newsletter]

HELPKIT AI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.helpkit.so/helpkit-ai?utm_source=tldrfounders]

HelpKit AI turns your Notion knowledge base into a smart 24/7 AI
assistant that provides precise and instant answers for your users. 

AUDIONOTES (PRODUCT)
[https://www.audionotes.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Convert your random voice notes and unstructured text notes into
structured text summaries using AI. 

MERLIN (PRODUCT) [https://talktomerlin.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Qualitative research conducted, analyzed, and summarized by AI. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PRODUCT-LED AI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://greylock.com/greymatter/seth-rosenberg-product-led-ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In an age where foundation models make it possible for anyone to build
an AI company, what makes for a defensible business? Instead of using
AI to enhance a product, the technology should be the key unlock to
drive a company‚Äôs entire product development and business strategy.
This article outlines how AI-first products can reinvent networks and
marketplaces, create entirely new startup categories, and establish AI
co-pilots for knowledge workers. 

A STATE OF THE UNION FOR EARLY STAGE VENTURE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/daybreak-venture-capital-for-the?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The new technological epoch of AI and mixed reality makes this a
seminal time for startup creation. 

RESPECT AND ADMIRATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://collabfund.com/blog/respect-and-admiration/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

We all get caught up in chasing money and status, but don‚Äôt forget
to chase respect and admiration as well. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EVERY SOFTWARE PROJECT IS A STARTUP THAT WILL PROBABLY FAIL (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://muldoon.cloud/2023/09/06/software-keeps-failing.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The majority of software projects, whether in startups or established
companies, often fail to generate substantial value. They propose a
shift towards incentivizing developers based on project success and
allowing developers more autonomy in project selection to improve
outcomes. 

HOW TO FIND TIME TO LEARN AFTER WORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.feststelltaste.de/how-to-find-time-to-learn-after-work/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The trick is to refine some of the time spent doing other tasks into
learning time - for example, listen to podcasts while commuting to
work. 

OPENAI WILL HOST ITS FIRST DEVELOPER CONFERENCE ON NOVEMBER 6TH (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/06/openai-will-host-its-first-developer-conference-on-november-6/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

OpenAI is planning to host its first developer conference on November
6th. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=bdb8dd88-4e30-11ee-9cb7-5be2a4347040&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694174454&t=1694174645&s=1b8556ba4ba12bb120fb253849b2cd917eba0265c8d0838b3b6cd67f59e927aa].