# Articles TLDR Founders 18-08-2023

Things are starting to thaw so it means startups that navigated
cost-cutting over the last 3+ quarters are well-positioned to thrive¬†


Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3bfc1290-3db6-11ee-a4a4-254354609597&pt=campaign&t=1692360199&s=e45186b5d364fddaeea3c11c9b2f192b11c4096f1d4c51b55c08ec5fb232bfd9]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-18

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

UK LAUNCHES ¬£1BILLION FINTECH FUND TO COMPETE WITH SILICON VALLEY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/08/16/uk-launches-1-billion-fintech-growth-fund-to-compete-with-us.html/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The UK has historically had a funding gap at the late stage. Large
companies often shoot to the US to breach $500m values and IPO. The
UK‚Äôs new fund, which is backed by Mastercard, Barclays, and the
London Stock Exchange Group, aims to address the issue of fintech
companies struggling to reach scale and pursue public listings. 

NETWORK EFFECTS: THE EVOLUTION OF ONLINE COMMUNITIES (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://digitalnative.substack.com/p/network-effects-the-evolution-of/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article explores how online communities are going to amplify
social network effects and how content, creators, and community all
come together to build unique interactions and defensible companies. 

SEIZING THE MOMENT: STRATEGIES FOR STARTUPS TO OUTMANEUVER COMPETITION
IN A TURNING ECONOMY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/big-balance-sheet-as-an-advantage/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Things are starting to thaw so it means startups that navigated
cost-cutting over the last 3+ quarters are well-positioned to thrive. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

PLAYBOOK TO WRITE BETTER B2B CONTENT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/my-playbook-to-write-better-b2b-content/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Writing gives unclear thoughts nowhere to hide. It‚Äôs a simple tool
to bring clarity of thought to the challenges you‚Äôre facing. Inertia
and perfection are the enemy - just get started. 

TOP 10 PRODUCT MANAGEMENT PODCASTS EVERY PM SHOULD LISTEN TO (10 MIN
READ)
[https://canny.io/blog/best-product-management-podcasts/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A curated list of podcasts - anyone building a product, managing
product teams, or simply curious about product should absolutely tune
in. 

FINTECH IN AI: FIVE LESSONS FOR FOUNDERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://lsvp.com/fintech-in-ai-five-lessons-for-founders/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Quick-hitting post about a few things to consider around AI and
Fintech. Always love Lightspeed‚Äôs take on things. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

CLAY (PRODUCT) [https://www.clay.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Clay uses AI to automate your sales prospecting. 

ESSENSE (PRODUCT) [https://www.essense.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Essense transforms your online user feedback into actionable insights.


LORAI (PRODUCT) [https://www.lorai.art/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Lorai uses AI to create marketing assets for your product 10x faster. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

11 TIME MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS THAT WILL SKYROCKET YOUR PRODUCTIVITY (12
MINUTE READ)
[https://hubstaff.com/blog/time-management-tools/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As founders, you often get ‚Äúproductivity‚Äù thrown in your face, a
lot. However, this list of frameworks, mental models, and rules keeps
things simple and provides a nice reminder to constantly be working
smart. 

HOW TO COMMUNICATE WHEN TRUST IS LOW (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://charity.wtf/2023/08/17/how-to-communicate-when-trust-is-low-without-digging-yourself-into-a-deeper-hole/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Whether it‚Äôs your partner, friend, colleague, or employee, it can be
hard to communicate effectively when there‚Äôs low trust or you‚Äôre
worried about conflict. Here‚Äôs a handful of tactics to start you in
the right direction. 

THE STATE OF SEED INVESTING W/ JASON LEMKIN, SAM LESSIN, FRANK ROTMAN,
AND HARRY STEBBINGS (60 MINUTE AUDIO)
[https://www.saastr.com/debate-state-of-seed-investing-w-jason-lemkin-sam-lessin-frank-rotman-harry-stebbings/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

With fundraising season approaching, this is a great listen about the
state-of-the-state of seed investing with some of the folks that would
know. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

VENTURE CHRONICLES - JULY 2023 (45 MINUTE READ)
[https://alexandre.substack.com/p/venture-chronicles-july-2023?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This is an exhaustive list of all-things-venture related for July in
case you were out of the country, vacationing, or generally under a
rock. If you have some plane time, this is a gem of a read. 

REIGNITING THE FIRE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://debliu.substack.com/p/reigniting-the-fire?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A wonderfully open and honest post about being able to reignite that
fire in your belly whether personally or professionally as you
potentially face that ‚Äúsophomore slump‚Äù. 

OVERWHELMED? USE THIS MANTRA (1 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nM4Mc6AohqY?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Life gets easier when you confront the reality that change is the only
constant. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3bfc1290-3db6-11ee-a4a4-254354609597&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692360021&t=1692360199&s=9618cf1a8b041157bee81f18709bd09a2ef489397a85439481205ed8220fb7b6].