# Articles TLDR Founders 02-06-2023

Seed funding for startups in the US has been more resilient than other
stages but seed-stage companies are still facing an uphill battle¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d6868826-00fe-11ee-8379-178b95e2a2f0&pt=campaign&t=1685707667&s=6930e887fb84f81738f017c63a3dc93bdbd66e56e238e35d1baf42070c05e692]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-06-02

TLDR¬†IS HIRING A¬†CURATOR¬†FOR¬†TLDR¬†FOUNDERS 

TLDR¬†is hiring a part-time¬†curator¬†to join our¬†TLDR
Founders¬†newsletter curation team.
The ideal candidate would be a current or former startup¬†founder,
preferably someone who has raised venture capital, enjoys keeping up
with the latest trends in the startup ecosystem, and generally spends
a lot of time hanging out with other¬†founders.¬†

Time commitment is roughly 6 hours/week (Sunday, Tuesday, Thursday),
to apply please send your LinkedIn or resume to¬†jobs@tldr.tech¬†along
with a couple sentences on why you'd be a good fit!

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

OBSERVATIONS USING LLMS EVERY DAY FOR TWO MONTHS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/observations-using-llms/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Tomasz Tunguz breaks down his experience of using large-language
models (LLMs) for data analysis, writing code, and web search. 

THESE 3 CHARTS SHOW IT‚ÄôS NOT EASY BEING A SEED STARTUP THESE DAYS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/seed/charts-startup-venture-funding-rounds/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Seed funding for startups in the US has been more resilient than other
stages but seed-stage companies are still facing an uphill battle and
must compete for investor attention. 

JAPAN GOES ALL IN: COPYRIGHT DOESN‚ÄôT APPLY TO AI TRAINING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://technomancers.ai/japan-goes-all-in-copyright-doesnt-apply-to-ai-training/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Japan‚Äôs government recently revealed its decision to not enforce
copyrights on data used for AI training, a bold move that could
encourage further innovation in the field, as well as allowing access
to western data sources. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

YOUR GUIDE TO GROWTH MARKETING & PLG (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/growth-marketing-and-plg?utm_source=tldrfounders]


As a growth marketer, your job is to find and solve the biggest
problems that come your way. When dealing with PLG products,
prioritize channels that are attention grabbing and have high intent.
Remember to ask for little when advertising on social media and aim to
get folks to save a template or learn to use the product. 

MY APPROACH TO BUILDING LARGE TECHNICAL PROJECTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://mitchellh.com/writing/building-large-technical-projects?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Mitchell Hashimoto, Co-Founder of Hashicorp, discusses his approach to
building large technical projects, emphasizing the importance of
continuously seeing real results and breaking down tasks into
manageable chunks to stay motivated and complete the project. He
shares examples and insights based on his experience, highlighting the
value of building demos, prioritizing functionality that solves
personal problems, and iterating on components as needed. 

ACCELERATING NEW HIRE PRODUCTIVITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1663873991923179521.html] 

It takes, on average, 8 months for new hires to become productive,
however the best companies can reduce that duration to 3 months, this
saving $50,000 for a $120,000 employee. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

TOP VC FUNDS (PRODUCT)
[https://topvcfunds.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Analyze 250,000 investors. Find Best VCs. Uncover competitors. Just
describe your startup idea, and our AI will do the rest. 

STRIPE ISSUING - CHARGE CARD (PRODUCT)
[https://stripe.com/issuing?utm_source=tldrfounders#charge-card] 

Stripe is now expanding into credit cards vs just pre-funded accounts.


MICROSOFT DESIGNER (PRODUCT)
[https://designer.microsoft.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Designer, Microsoft‚Äôs AI-powered art-generating tool, is coming to
the free version of Teams. Create stunning designs quickly with AI. 

WANT A FREE TYPESCRIPT CLIENT FOR YOUR API? (SPONSOR)
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/o1aU3kvu] 

Fern is an open source CLI that generates production-ready SDKs for
REST APIs.¬†Send us your OpenAPI spec to get started.¬†Learn more
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/o1aU3kvu].

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW BIG IS THE MARKET FOR YOUR PRODUCT? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/6Zz9G?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Investors need to understand the size of the market opportunity before
investing in a product; this is calculated using the TAM/SAM/SOM
method. 

TOP 20 PUBLIC SAAS COMPANIES DOING PLG AND FREEMIUM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1490727960504008711.html] 

Jason Lemkin breaks down his top 20 learnings on public SaaS
companies. As a group, they are all growing faster than last year, at
an average of $400m in ARR. 

LEADING BY LETTING GO (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.edisonpartners.com/blog/leading-by-letting-go?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Growth-mode CEOs must learn to let go and delegate, which is a
difficult process. Knowing their strengths and limitations, setting
ELT goals, and being honest about performance expectations can all
help with successfully delegating tasks. Additionally, learning to
trust and empower others with more expertise can help avoid failure. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GENERATIVE AI IS COMING FOR INSURANCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/31/generative-ai-is-coming-for-insurance-may-2023-fintech-newsletter/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Language models can be used to autonomously process large quantities
of data in order to inform underwriting decisions, answer complex
customer questions, and more efficiently manage conversations with
customers and agents. 

FOUNDER'S GUIDE TO MVP & PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://outlander.vc/fieldguide/founders-guide-to-mvp-product-development/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


This post offers a guide for founders to develop a successful product
from a Minimum Viable Product (MVP). It emphasizes simplicity,
data-driven development, user feedback, and balancing scalability and
stability across the design, launch, and iteration phases. 

DOWNTURNS RECOVER IN YEARS. POPPED BUBBLES TAKE DECADES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/startup-valuations-bubble-downturn-stocks/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Elements of the dot-com implosion appear more prevalent than those of
the financial crisis, including bonkers valuations given to companies
and a historic venture capital investment binge. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=d6868826-00fe-11ee-8379-178b95e2a2f0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1685707243&t=1685707667&s=736b7e28f6791ea5f34a3310746c0c4f1cfe5e75325bf5bae09c72a967b41c9e].