# Articles TLDR Founders 02-10-2023

AI is great at doing tasks, but not so much doing full jobs¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=7d820554-6100-11ee-acf8-4725cf5f8f59&pt=campaign&t=1696248259&s=45f9a63f2b56e10e9a8a06e49c8604b550db26d3d89518392ea954794a62edae]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-02

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

HOW COMPANIES SPY ON THEIR EMPLOYEES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/how-companies-spy-on-employees-bossware-jpmorgan-amazon-monitor-rto-2023-10/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Monitoring employees' activity goes beyond just checking who swiped
their badge to get into the office. Tools are propping up that enable
employers to monitor employee internet usage and even take screen
recordings. 

FINTECH LOSES UK FUNDING CROWN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/fintech-loses-uk-funding-crown-as-vcs-bet-on-global-green-transition/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The UK‚Äôs energy startup sector has raised the most VC cash in 2023,
knocking fintech off the top spot it has held for a decade. It has
raised $3bn so far this year versus fintech‚Äôs $2.1bn, down from a
high of $13.5bn in 2021. 

AI AND JOBS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/sama/status/1707872336115098002/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

AI is great at doing tasks, but not so much doing full jobs. Sam
Altman argues that AI will enable humans to focus on different work
that AI can‚Äôt do. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

LIFE VISIONS AND WHY YOU PROBABLY NEED ONE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://latecheckout.substack.com/p/the-most-important-post-ive-written/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

You likely have OKRs for your business, but do you have them for
yourself? We often just wake up each day and try our best. Having an
idea of what you‚Äôre working towards specifically can help make it
feel less like Groundhog Day. 

WHAT SETS GREAT TEAMS APART (90 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://www.lennyspodcast.com/what-sets-great-teams-apart-lane-shackleton-cpo-of-coda/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A conversation on what exactly takes a team from simply a good team to
a truly great team. 

WHAT WE LEARNED ABOUT PAID ADS FOR A DEV TOOL (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://posthog.com/blog/dev-marketing-paid-ads?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A deep dive into how to make your paid ads more effective, especially
if your target customers are developers. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

KREA LOGO ILLUSIONS (PRODUCT)
[https://www.krea.ai/tool/logos?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Turn your logos into amazing visual illusions. 

SEMIFORM (PRODUCT) [https://www.semiform.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Replace your forms with AI agents in order to get higher response
rates and happier users. 

COLORS AI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.colors-ai.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Automatically gather, consolidate, and categorize customer feedback to
prioritize product development. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE BUSINESS OF ANNUAL LETTERS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://capitalgains.thediff.co/p/annual-letters/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A big part of a CEO's job is to communicate with their investors. Good
writing often reflects good thinking. Some of the most successful
companies and investors out there are also great writers that publish
a yearly letter to their investors. 

COMPANY CULTURE IS A CRUCIAL FACTOR FOR JOB SEEKERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://spin.atomicobject.com/2023/10/01/culture-job-seekers/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Written for operators, but useful for founders if you flip it. Your
culture should be identifiable throughout your hiring process. Give
time for potential hires to interview you and learn about your company
culture. 

RULES FOR BETTER THINKING, HOW TO REDUCE BLINDSPOTS, & MORE (2 HOUR
VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T30rY6Nqrc/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Two podcasting legends, Shane Parrish and Tim Ferris, combine forces
to talk about tools, tactics, and mental models for clearer thinking. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE PROBLEM WITH SHORT TERM THINKING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/09/the-jenga-situation/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Being short-termist is like playing Jenga. Each time you cut a corner,
you remove a block, and your tower gets a little bit more fragile. 

CONFUSION AND CERTAINTY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://seths.blog/2023/10/confusion-and-certainty/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

As a founder, we don‚Äôt want to admit that we don‚Äôt get something.
If we pretend we‚Äôre not confused, the confusion compounds. Feel
comfortable admitting you don‚Äôt understand something, and often
people will help you out. 

TIPS ON LEADERSHIP FROM STARBUCKS CEO (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/jasonlk/status/1707014531111649409/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Stay close to your product and customers. Execs at Starbucks should be
able to make a latte. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=7d820554-6100-11ee-acf8-4725cf5f8f59&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696248091&t=1696248259&s=b2ea799f0acbc42afe4bac6447a6d2e9ecc35df35f77eba00a7184330b975deb].