# Articles TLDR Founders 20-09-2023

Instacart plans to sell 8% of its stock¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=5b5f9178-579e-11ee-abbe-4f8d7fa3d944&pt=campaign&t=1695211403&s=de4e5b80dcf3b6162b521f36edfb3eb3286c1d5db61bb1080f8ff99b8c4729f5]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-09-20

TOMORROW: COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION IN PRACTICE ‚Äî JOIN THE Q&A SESSION
(SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

Obtaining security standards for your software used to take 400 hours
of manual work and basically blocked everything else for a month or
two. Today, you have tools like Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter],
which automates 90% of the work.
Join the live Q&A session to learn how you can tackle that big
compliance project before EoY
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter].
The Vanta team will be answering your questions about SOC 2, HIPAA,
ISO 27001, and other frameworks, and will also show a practical demo
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
covering real-life compliance scenarios. Last chance to join!
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/september-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

INSTACART PRICES SHARES AT $30 AS IPO MARKET WARMS UP (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ig.com/uk/news-and-trade-ideas/instacart--is-the-ipo-market-finally-warming-up--230919/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Instacart plans to sell 8% of its stock, which could bring in around
$660 million, in order to fuel demand for online grocery shopping
post-pandemic. 

SANTANDER COMMITS TO ‚Ç¨100 MILLION FUND FOR SPANISH STARTUPS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/42965/santander-commits-to-100-million-fund-for-spanish-startups?ref=connectingthedotsinfin.tech/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Santander committed ‚Ç¨67m to a new ‚Ç¨100m fund in an effort to help
boost Spain‚Äôs entrepreneurship ecosystem. It‚Äôs always cool seeing
large global banks invest in their roots. 

MY REFLECTIONS ON MY SUMMER IN INDIA‚ÄôS SILICON VALLEY (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://foundationcapital.com/my-reflections-on-my-summer-in-indias-silicon-valley/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

In this article, Ashu Garg, General Partner at Foundational Capital,
compares Bangalore‚Äôs emerging SaaS scene to Silicon Valley,
predicting that by 2030, the enterprise software industry will revolve
around two poles‚ÄîSilicon Valley and Bangalore. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SUBSCRIPTION VS USAGE BASED PRICING MODELS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/usage-based-is-best-if-you-are-already/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A fascinating read that breaks down the pros and cons of usage-based
versus subscription pricing. More founders are leaning into
usage-based pricing as a way to better align their revenue with the
value a user extracts from their product. 

CAN WE EVEN AFFORD TO DO SMB SALES IN THE U.S. ANYMORE? (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/can-we-even-afford-to-do-smb-sales-anymore-in-the-u-s/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Inflation up, salaries up, marketing costs up, CAC on the rise. In
response to higher expected OTE from sales reps, some startups are
moving their SMB sales teams outside of the US. 

HOW SAAS BUSINESS MODELS ARE CHANGING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/saas-is-growing-up-4-business-model-changes-to-adopt-with-notion-capital/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

The market is tough right now and it's impacting how founders grow
their SaaS startups. We‚Äôre seeing product-led growth tactics surge,
headcount-based growth being less rewarded, pricing changes being used
as a strategic lever, and increased focus on reducing cloud costs. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

CX ASSIST (PRODUCT) [https://www.cxassist.io/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Personalized, AI-powered email responses to boost efficiency, nurture
clients, and transform your sales and support customer experience. 

DIALME (PRODUCT) [https://dialme.at/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A voice-enabled AI interviewer built to get users talking and you
learning. 

KLU AI (PRODUCT) [https://klu.so/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Unify your data so that you can seamlessly search and discover across
apps and files. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI REGULATION FROM ELAD GIL (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.eladgil.com/p/ai-regulation?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This article unpacks the challenges with regulation, including how it
can stifle innovation, slow progress, and ultimately drive these
innovators to build their technology in alternative countries where
restrictions may not be as‚Ä¶strict. 

FIGHTING AGAINST REGULATORY CAPTURE FOR A BETTER FUTURE (16 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.notboring.co/p/the-gang-captures-washington/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Regulation tends to slow things down and make innovation more
expensive. To overcome regulatory barriers, startups need to be both
well-resourced and well organized. Regulations are a set of rules and
you need to know them in order to play the game. Now is the time for
innovation hubs like Silicon Valley to get closer to and work with
Washington DC. 

A GOLDEN AGE OF BUILDING? (29 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/BpTDJj6TrqGYTjFcZ/a-golden-age-of-building-excerpts-and-lessons-from-empire?utm_source=tldrfounders]

An informative read of lessons from people achieving great things
quickly, for example, the Empire State Building, the Pentagon, Skunk
Works, and SpaceX. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE FUTURE IS UNCERTAIN, LIVE IMMEDIATELY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://dailystoic.com/who-could-have-seen-it/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Who knows what‚Äôs around the corner. Enjoy the good times, plan for
the worst, but just make sure you‚Äôre living. 

RELATED TO INSTACART, THIS IS COOL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/garrytan_in-2012-this-was-what-i-wrote-to-the-partners-activity-7109940385581342720-DIlx/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A nice reminder that serendipity works in mysterious ways, and venture
capital is a long game. 

THE ONLY WAY TO GUARANTEE STARTUP SUCCESS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/success-guaranteed/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Instead of focusing solely on the outcome, remember to enjoy the
journey as well. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=5b5f9178-579e-11ee-abbe-4f8d7fa3d944&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695211232&t=1695211403&s=fb96c942f2d9fe9b558c82dfe0521c8c947ed92a5762159e4d99caa7c2bdc3af].