# Articles TLDR Founders 21-08-2023

China is looking to attract foreign investment after its recovery from
Covid times has been slower than hoped.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=bf5b88fe-3ffb-11ee-a994-e96356252f9f&pt=campaign&t=1692619471&s=3f0e29ebe0d45f45f4659d0077746137ddb0ed0caecd0e4a5002f3ca9c5eb8d3]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Vanta]
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-08-21

WHAT DOES COMPLIANCE AUTOMATION ACTUALLY MEAN? SEE FOR YOURSELF IN
VANTA‚ÄôS OPEN DEMO SESSION (SPONSOR)
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

Compliance automation is one of the hottest software markets in 2023.
Startups don‚Äôt want to spend months collecting evidence for SOC 2,
ISO 27001, HIPAA
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter],
etc. But demonstrating compliance is key to scaling your business,
raising capital, and building trust. And this is where automation
comes in.

Vanta
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
is a leader in this space ‚Äî trusted by more than 5,000 companies and
automating up to 90% of the work
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]
for security and privacy frameworks.

Curious about what this looks like? Want to ask questions without
committing to a sales process?

You‚Äôll get answers to all your questions (and more) in Vanta‚Äôs
45-minute live product demo on¬†August 24th at 9 am PST | 12 PM EST
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter].

Register now to save your spot ‚ÜóÔ∏è
[https://www.vanta.com/webinars/august-vanta-in-action-compliance-automation?utm_campaign=ToF&utm_source=tldr-founders&utm_medium=newsletter]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

CHINA IS GRAPPLING WITH ITS LOWEST LEVELS OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT SINCE
1998 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/markets/asia/china-state-council-says-it-issues-guidelines-optimise-foreign-investment-2023-08-13/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

China is looking to attract foreign investment after its recovery from
Covid times has been slower than hoped. 

OPENAI‚ÄôS CONTENT MODERATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://openai.com/blog/using-gpt-4-for-content-moderation/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

OpenAI proposes using GPT-4 for content policy development and content
moderation decisions across digital platforms, taking the burden away
from humans and allowing more consistent labeling of content and
faster feedback loops. This begs the question, should AI be the
authority on who can say what? 

FEWER TECH UNICORNS ARE BEING MINTED THAN AT ANY POINT IN THE PAST
DECADE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://dealroom.co/guides/guide-to-unicorns/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Since 2018, over 250 unicorns have been made each year with the
exception of 2021, when this number spiked to 787. 2023 may be the
second exception to this average, we only saw 21 unicorns minted in Q1
2023. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

PLG RESOURCES AND INSIGHTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kellblog.com/2023/08/18/plg-resources-and-wrap-up/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A variety of resources on product-led growth and pithy insights on the
art of scaled acquisition. 

WHAT THE FREEMIUM (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/what-the-freemium]

Insights and guidance from Elena Verna, former CMO at Miro, on how and
when to deploy freemium strategies at your tech company. 

HOW TO GET YOUR STARTUP'S FIRST 100 USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/how-to-get-your-startups-first-100-users-de7f82eb14ec?source=rss----7adf33e44ae3---4&utm_source=tldrfounders]

It never hurts to get a refresher course on the latest proven ways to
get to those first 100 users of your solution. Manually reaching out
(aka the hard way) is what always works best. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

INSIGHT IQ (PRODUCT)
[https://www.insightiq.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Insight IQ takes your influencer marketing to the next level. 

CONSENSUS (PRODUCT) [https://consensus.app/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Consensus is a search engine that uses AI to find insights in research
papers. 

INTERVIEW HERO (PRODUCT)
[https://interview.onloop.ai/#/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Interview Hero uses AI to write elegant summaries of your interviews. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MODERN MEDITATIONS: CLAIRE HUGHES JOHNSON (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/claire-hughes-johnson/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

This interview with Claire Hughes Johnson, the former COO and now
advisor of Stripe, unpacks her views on leadership, literature, and
future technology. 

MOBILE POINT OF SALES SYSTEMS AND THEIR IMPACT ON COMMERCE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techbullion.com/mpos-and-its-impact-on-the-future-of-commerce/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Mobile point of sales systems (mPOS) mark a significant turning point
in payment processing. Traditional point of sale systems are tethered
to a location and oftentimes a little clunky. mPOS is distinctly more
convenient, cheaper to set up and operate, and significantly more
interoperable with your existing business operating systems. If you
use in-person payments for your business, this is worth a read. 

THREE MARKETING LESSONS FROM THE POLITICAL REALM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://kellblog.com/2023/08/20/three-marketing-lessons-from-the-political-realm/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A deep dive into key marketing lessons presented with specific
examples from the political realm. It‚Äôs a heavy but solid read. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BUYERS OF BORED APE NFTS SUE AFTER DIGITAL APES TURN OUT TO BE BAD
INVESTMENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/08/buyers-of-bored-ape-nfts-sue-after-digital-apes-turn-out-to-be-bad-investment/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Turns out FTX and Sam Bankman-Fried had their fingers in more crypto
pies. Holders of Bored Apes are looking to sue the creators over their
dealings with Sotheby's and FTX. 

STRATEGIES FOR STARTUPS TO OUTMANEUVER COMPETITION IN A TURNING
ECONOMY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/big-balance-sheet-as-an-advantage/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

Startups that effectively managed their costs over the last 18 months
and are sitting on a bit of cash are in a great position to acquire
other companies who might be struggling or double down on their
go-to-market efforts and accelerate out of this slump. 

CARTA: THE ACTUAL, REAL DILUTION FROM SERIES A, B, C, AND D ROUNDS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/carta-the-actual-real-dilution-from-series-a-b-c-and-d-rounds/?utm_source=tldrfounders]

A breakdown of actual dilution numbers based on the latest Carta data.
Always good to have these numbers in your back pocket if you‚Äôre
looking at raising soon. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/bV3F83ey] is our
exclusive talent platform where we help cutting edge companies hire
world-class tech talent.

Our curated network of top tier tech talent (we‚Äôve hired a ex-Google
recruiter to help us screen resumes using their hiring bar) includes
software engineers, ML engineers, designers, product managers,
executives and more from big tech companies and top VC-backed
startups. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] (the platform is free
for the duration of our open beta period).

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=bf5b88fe-3ffb-11ee-a994-e96356252f9f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692619303&t=1692619471&s=8c7e9e838a8f7ca3ee6b721fe0009418e5b122b30b71d6dafc33fbf505c1664c].