# Articles TLDR Founders 12-05-2023

We are all talking about AI but this is different from the iPhone
moment that happened for mobile¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e48efa90-f099-11ed-a991-756ab98015bf&pt=campaign&t=1683893245&s=50fe19e8d403d11a1c0bb5cc0539ab66b57cc59b78de325baeee398a5391d543]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-12

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

GENERATIVE AI: AN ASTEROID IMPACT EVENT ON B2B SOFTWARE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/point-nine-news/generative-ai-an-asteroid-impact-event-on-b2b-software-233925f06cf?utm_source=tldrfounders]


We are all talking about AI but this is different from the iPhone
moment that happened for mobile. Adapting quickly and embracing AI
across newcos and existing companies will be critical to winning in
the end. 

US INVESTMENT IN CHINA TECH SCENE FALLS AS POLITICAL HEADWINDS
STRENGTHEN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/venture/us-investment-china-tech-falls/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Sharing because this is potentially a harbinger of other economic
dominoes set to fall globally. 

VENTURE DEBT IS DRYING UP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/356yR?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Following the collapse of SVB, venture debt fell to $3.5B in Q1, the
lowest level since 2017, a sign that more startups may be in for
financial peril. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW VANTA GREW THROUGH THE DOWNTURN (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegeneralist.substack.com/p/vanta?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

A deep-dive into how Vanta continued to grow throughout the bear
market, with particular focus given to the timing of its Series B
raise, its expansion overseas, the building of new moats, and the
scaling of its team. 

ADDRESSING MISALIGNED INCENTIVES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://debliu.substack.com/p/addressing-misaligned-incentives?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Deb Liu discusses how misaligned incentives can cause problems within
organizations. She suggests that to ensure successful outcomes,
companies need to identify and correct any incentive structures that
don't align with their overarching goals. By setting clear objectives
and aligning incentives, organizations can foster an environment where
teams are encouraged to work towards shared objectives rather than
pursuing conflicting interests. She emphasizes that leaders must be
proactive in recognizing and addressing such misalignments before they
negatively impact the company's performance. 

ALMA‚ÄôS PATH TO PRODUCT-MARKET FIT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/almas-path-to-product-market-fit-%E2%80%94-how-to-pivot-and-succeed-as-a-solo-non-technical-founder?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article shares the story of Harry Ritter and the development of
his telehealth startup, Alma. Ritter, being a non-technical founder,
had to pivot multiple times to find product-market fit. His approach
included performing meticulous customer research, engaging in numerous
conversations, and adjusting his model based on feedback. He also
leveraged his domain expertise in healthcare. Despite early setbacks,
Ritter's persistence and adaptability eventually paid off,
establishing Alma as a successful telehealth platform. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

HOW TO KNOW IF IT‚ÄôS A GOOD CO-FOUNDER MATCH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ycombinator.com/blog/how-to-find-a-co-founder-qa-with-whalesync/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Finding a co-founder is actually more involved and has greater
implications than actual marriage. This is not an exaggeration. 

STARCHAT (HUGGINGFACE SPACE)
[https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/starchat-playground?utm_source=tldrfounders]


An AI-powered helpful coding assistant. 

ZMO.AI (PRODUCT) [https://www.zmo.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

An AI tool to create realistic backgrounds for your product photos.
Think of it like your own personal green screen. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW I INVENTED A GRILL GUN AND DID $2.5M IN SALES SINCE OUR LAUNCH IN
2020 (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.starterstory.com/stories/grillblazer?utm_source=tldrfounders]


I love a good story of product/market fit + timing. I also think these
are just plain cool and like the idea of a product niche that can
still be a profitable business. 

WHAT DOES PRODUCTIVITY MEAN? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.vox.com/technology/23710261/productivity-definition-measures-remote-work-management?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The piece explores the challenge of defining and measuring
productivity in the context of remote work. It argues that traditional
metrics may not accurately reflect productivity in a remote setting
and highlights the importance of considering employee well-being and
work-life balance. The article also discusses how management
approaches need to adapt to remote work environments. 

THIS IS NOT YOUR VALUE PROP (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/this-is-not-your-value-prop?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Kyle Poyar emphasizes the importance of value proposition in business.
He points out that companies often misinterpret their value
proposition as merely their product or service, without considering
the broader context of the problem they are solving for customers.
Poyar advises businesses to differentiate between features,
advantages, and benefits, to better articulate their value
proposition. He also emphasizes the need for companies to continuously
validate and refine their value proposition to stay competitive. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE ART OF THE DOOMER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://kyla.substack.com/p/the-art-of-the-doomer?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In Kyla Scanlon's piece, she discusses the concept of "Doomerism" and
its implications. The term "Doomer" is used to refer to individuals
who have a pessimistic view of the future, often based on
environmental, political, or societal concerns. She elaborates on how
"Doomer" content can inadvertently lead to inaction and despair, and
suggests that while it's essential to stay informed, it's also crucial
to maintain a balanced perspective and focus on possible solutions to
the challenges we face. 

ESTIMATED IQ DISTRIBUTION OF CHILDREN GIVEN IQ OF PARENTS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://milkyeggs.com/biology/estimated-iq-distribution-of-children-given-iq-of-parents/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article delves into the complex relationship between the IQ of
parents and their children. It elaborates on the concept of regression
to the mean, explaining how children of parents with extreme IQs
(either high or low) tend to have IQs closer to the average. The piece
also discusses how factors such as genetics and environment play a
role in determining a child's IQ. It concludes that while parents' IQ
can give a general idea of the child's potential IQ range, it is not a
definitive predictor due to the numerous variables involved. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM HUBSPOT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-hubspot-at-2-billion-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin breaks down 5 things to learn from HubSpot, including
focusing on efficiency, slowly increasing ACV, and hiring slowly and
smartly. 

HOW TO DO OUTBOUND (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1656712091749826575.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Sam Blond breaks down how to properly do outbound at your startup. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=e48efa90-f099-11ed-a991-756ab98015bf&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683892864&t=1683893245&s=38479062b8c9e510b0596c2e30a66513edc82612b7d0be7b269a5a7a1423f8ff].


¬†