# Articles TLDR Founders 25-10-2023

Everything with AI feels like when the web or mobile hit¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4623458c-731b-11ee-9c0a-9fe57246cc01&pt=campaign&t=1698235392&s=718b24184ed692c34e43549758a3e9723392a5180a3c4ab348260376775fd385]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-25

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 A SAAS METRIC FOR OVERALL EFFICIENCY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/is-the-magic-number-a-bad-party-trick/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 The Magic Number bundles together everything that goes into total
Annual Recurring Revenue‚Äì including new users, expansion, churn, and
account shrinkage‚Äìto give you an assessment of the overall
efficiency of your annual recurring revenue. This post breaks down how
to calculate it. 

 YOU CAN LEARN AI LATER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/you-can-learn-ai-later-08fce896?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Everything with AI feels like when the web or mobile hit. ‚ÄúLearn
HTML fast before you‚Äôre left behind!‚Äù ‚ÄúDoes your company have an
app strategy?!‚Äù The same is true with AI - we‚Äôre still in the
noisy phase. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 WHEN TO SAY NO TO CUSTOM FEATURE REQUESTS FROM USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/does-the-wise-advice-to-always-say-no-to-sponsored-features-would-also-apply-to-a-saas-startup-selling-to-mid-market-acv-20k-to-50k-and-has-yet-only-2-clients/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 If the potential deal is meaningful in the early days and the feature
is already on your long-term roadmap and of use to other users now or
in the future, seriously consider building that customer feature to
win the logo. 

 A STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE TO CRAFTING A SALES PITCH THAT WINS (90 MINUTE
PODCAST)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/a-step-by-step-guide-to-crafting/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Good positioning is everything. Pitching your product is an
articulation of how you‚Äôve positioned it amongst competition within
the market and aligned with the value the usage of your product would
create for the potential user. This article offers tactical advice on
creating a pitch, articulating value, and handling objections. 

 THE 9 WORST SALES MISTAKES FOUNDERS SHOULD AVOID (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/point-nine-news/the-9-worst-sales-mistakes-founders-should-avoid-a89a3fe4b4b9/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 These suggestions are for all stages of startups, but more
specifically for those in the early stages. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 DASHBOADS (PRODUCT)
[https://equals.com/dashboards/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Instantly turn spreadsheets into dashboards and auto-distribute
up-to-date reports. 

 GLOWW (PRODUCT) [https://gloww.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Bring your meetings to life. 

 SELZY (PRODUCT) [https://selzy.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 An email marketing tool with 24/7 support. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 A BUSINESS STATE OF MIND WITH JOHN AND PATRICK COLLISON (78 MINUTE
PODCAST)
[https://www.joincolossus.com/episodes/85748309/collison-a-business-state-of-mind/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Stripe's co-founders, Patrick and John Collison, speak about how they
organize engineering teams to ensure they work effectively. 

 HOW TO DEVELOP YOUR LEADERSHIP STYLE (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://lethain.com/developing-leadership-styles/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Micromanagement gets such a bad wrap. However, it‚Äôs sometimes
needed. This article covers three primary styles of leadership and
when to deploy them. Leading with policy, leading from consensus, and
leading with conviction. 

 PARALLEL BETS, MICROSOFT, AND AI STRATEGIES (31 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.matthewball.vc/all/parallelbets?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Microsoft has survived several platform-level changes and come out on
top. This article looks at the bets that the company has made
throughout the last few decades. It covers how the company dealt with
the transition from DOS to a GUI-based OS, the introduction of the
internet and smartphones, and now, the development of generative AI.
Microsoft's parallel betting strategy has led to growth in new
adjacent markets, leaving the company better off. However, its
strategy contained many uncertainties and might not be suitable for
many companies. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 IS SAAS BACK TO 6X REVENUE EV MULTIPLES? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/are-we-back-to-a-6x-world/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Whilst we‚Äôre not expecting a return to 2020 and 2021 valuations,
based on huge revenue multiples, it seems we‚Äôve returned to the 6x
multiple era seen prior to 2020 in the public markets. 

 LESSONS FROM AIRBNB‚ÄôS FOUNDER (5 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://twitter.com/agazdecki/status/1716795488828272702/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Founders need the audacity to believe that they can change the world
and they need to be able to inspire others around them to also
believe. 

 AN INFLUENCE OR A TRAP? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/an-influence-or-a-trap-3e09b8c3?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Give credence to the idea that other people‚Äôs influence might be
living rent-free in your head and think about why that is. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=4623458c-731b-11ee-9c0a-9fe57246cc01&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698235233&t=1698235392&s=4976ba98c28c504d17e2d824692bd9ac38fbf7ae1d254aa27e6ebd497131787c].


¬†