# Articles TLDR Founders 03-05-2023

Jason Lemkin has noted that while SaaS and cloud growth is slower than
it was one to two years ago, it is still expanding.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3d6d5794-e981-11ed-b988-7f6c681a8a26&pt=campaign&t=1683122770&s=6277344c6e217209cd0ab3910405238fa2e4e0f204b76a2a3f118e10a51d51e7]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Drata]
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-03

SELLING TO ENTERPRISE? FAST-FORWARD YOUR SOC 2 COMPLIANCE WITH DRATA
(SPONSOR)
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]


Your startup needs to move fast or die. But to win those juicy
enterprise contracts, you‚Äôre going to need SOC 2‚Ä¶ and maybe also
ISO 27001, HIPAA, GDPR‚Ä¶ üòñ
Compliance grinds you to a halt.

‚è© What if you had a fast-forward button?

Drata
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
is SaaS that walks you step-by-step through the compliance journey. It
automates pretty much all of the manual processes. You can put
security and compliance on autopilot
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
and get back to building.

Whether you‚Äôve already experienced the pain of collecting evidence
for an audit, or just learned what SOC 2 is yesterday, you need Drata
in your life.

There‚Äôs a special offer
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]
for TLDR readers. Go check it out.
[https://drata.com/partner/tldr?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=DR_capture_tldr_all_ros_NA&utm_content=request_a_demo&utm_term=text]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

THE PARADOX OF "EASY STARTUPS" (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ejorgenson.com/blog/the-paradox-of-easy-startups?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Eric Jorgenson advises building the hardest company you can think of,
with the biggest possible vision, and taking the simplest path to
progress. A larger market can attract more capital and top talent &
result in a better risk-reward ratio. 

16 COMMANDMENTS OF RAISING EQUITY IN A CHALLENGING MARKET (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/05/02/the-16-commandments-of-raising-equity-in-a-challenging-market/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The ever-prolific folks at a16z have the mother of all posts around
what to think about when raising cash during trying times. This is a
great read for even the most seasoned entrepreneurs and a must read
for folks who haven‚Äôt gone through a dip before. 

GARTNER: SAAS WILL STILL GROW 18% IN 2023 & 2024 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/gartner-saas-will-still-grow-18-in-2023-to-200-billion-worldwide-and-another-18-in-2024/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin has noted that while SaaS and cloud growth is slower than
it was one to two years ago, it is still expanding. Have you had to
revise your growth projections recently? 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

CHATGPT AS AN EXECUTIVE COACH AI AND ZEN MASTER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://corbett3000.medium.com/chatgpt-as-an-executive-coach-ai-and-zen-master-78f6e42d744d?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The author discusses their experience with coaches and Zen masters,
which helped them shift their career from being a CEO to an executive
coach. ChatGPT can be leveraged to use a non-dual approach in coaching
to help clients see how they've created separation from the world and
enable breakthroughs. 

HOW TO SPEND YOUR SERIES B FUNDING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://sifted.eu/articles/how-to-spend-your-series-b?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Founders, investors and a CFO share their top tips on what to spend
all that cash on. 

A CFOS CHECKLIST FOR GOING INTERNATIONAL (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mostlymetrics.com/p/a-cfos-checklist-for-going-international?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The article offers a guide for expanding a business internationally,
covering topics such as getting people paid, granting equity, ease of
doing business, site selection, and cultural considerations. It
emphasizes the importance of adapting to local nuances to establish
trust and become a part of the community. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

SIMPLIFY YOUR FINANCIAL SPREADSHEET (PRODUCT)
[https://meow.co/runway?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Meow Runway is a free tool that integrates with Quickbooks, providing
real-time visualization of your cash burn, remaining runway, revenue,
and current expenses. 

SALES FUNNEL CHATGPT (PRODUCT)
[https://miguelanticonam.gumroad.com/l/salesfunnel?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Get 1000 Sales Funnel prompts in Notion for free. 

CODEDESIGN.AI (PRODUCT)
[https://codedesign.ai/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

An AI website builder that can build a website using only prompts in
under 30 seconds. 

ESCAPE THE CHAOS OF INFORMATION OVERLOAD (SPONSOR)
[https://slite.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR_Slite&utm_id=TLDR]

Startups get messy. Slite
[https://slite.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR_Slite&utm_id=TLDR]
keeps everything tidy and brings clarity to your team. It‚Äôs a modern
knowledge base that connects docs, discussions, and real-time
collaboration. With the new AI assistant feature
[https://slite.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR_Slite&utm_id=TLDR],
you can ask Slite any question about your docs and get instant
answers.
Trusted by +100k teams. 4.9/5 on Product Hunt. Start at $0/month.
[https://slite.com/?utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=TLDR_Slite&utm_id=TLDR]

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WE‚ÄôRE NOT CRAZY IF WE WORK 12 HOURS A DAY ON SOMETHING WE LOVE (4
MINUTE READ) [https://archive.is/FzJVZ?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

The article argues that obsession is a positive force that drives
people towards their goals and brings fulfillment. It suggests that
working long hours on something you love is not unhealthy or
unbalanced, but a choice that can lead to greater happiness and
success. 

EVERY CUSTOMER IS A DESIGN PARTNER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://tomtunguz.com/leading-with-sales-engineering/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Tomasz Tunguz suggests that startups should consider transitioning to
sales engineering rather than account executive sales in order to
validate the value proposition, understand the customer base, develop
strong relationships with customers, and provide technical help. 

USE CHARLIE MUNGER‚ÄôS POWERFUL MENTAL MODEL FOR SUCCESS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://archive.is/ZUwme?utm_source=tldrfounders%20(7%20minute%20read)]


Author goes over Charlie's model which provides a logical mindset that
potentially hacks luck itself. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

2008 AIRBNB PITCH DECK FOR $600K (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://entrepreneurshandbook.co/airbnbs-600k-pitch-deck-a-presentation-masterclass-for-entrepreneurs-942c162cf1a8?utm_source=tldrfounders]


It‚Äôs fun to walk down memory lane, especially when the lane is on
the way to the multi-billion dollar company known as Airbnb. I
remember Airbnb when it came out and honestly thought it was
ridiculous. Their TAM calcs were actually way off because they ended
up creating a whole new sector. 

SOME STARTUPS ARE SELLING AT A 80% DISCOUNT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.ph/B6t3h?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

As valuations drop, investors are increasingly looking to offload
their shares, sometimes at a discount as deep as 80%. 

PERMAR.XYZ (PRODUCT) [https://www.permar.xyz/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Generate an optimized landing page in seconds. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=3d6d5794-e981-11ed-b988-7f6c681a8a26&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1683122419&t=1683122770&s=8ed255262d7be7d41ce3077b0df45bd12b44d77041e987107e474afa5ca97e85].


¬†