# Articles TLDR Founders 20-10-2023

Do you really need someone in the C-suite, or simply a senior sales
lead who can take some of the ownership off your shoulders?¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=6884f844-6f21-11ee-8abb-f79148276b8c&pt=campaign&t=1697803399&s=5f2b41b752b1ad0bf6f9fd4f7b896e24e9aea2514e0c77acda4dce6670ca1faf]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-10-20

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

 YOU DON‚ÄôT NEED A CRO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://startupceo.com/2023/10/you-dont-need-a-cro/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Adding this as a headline because it seems a lot of startups are
rushing to hire a Chief Revenue Officer at the moment. What changed?
Do you really need someone in the C-suite, or simply a senior sales
lead who can take some of the ownership off your shoulders? 

 10 CHARTS THAT CAPTURE HOW THE WORLD IS CHANGING (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/10-charts-that-capture-how-the-world-05a/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 These 10 charts cover a broad range of themes, from employee
productivity to Gen Z behaviors. Each gives a visual window into how
the world around us is changing. 

 CEOS PREDICT THE END OF REMOTE WORK (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/hr-topics/employee-relations/pages/ceos-predict-end-of-remote-work.aspx?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 This article looks at several tactics companies are using to make the
transition back to office work more attractive for employees. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 HOW TO BUILD A STARTUP PROGRAM (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.growthunhinged.com/p/your-guide-to-building-a-startup-program/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Startups often sell to other startups. Building a program can act as
a scaled on-ramp and acquisition strategy. There‚Äôs a lot to balance
here, from setting up your website and application forms to building
partnerships with accelerators and incubators. This guide breaks it
down step-by-step. 

 EIGHT TIPS FOR SCALING A PRODUCT TEAM WITHOUT SACRIFICING QUALITY (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://canny.io/blog/scaling-product-team/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 As your product team grows, the range of opinions increases and
culture changes. Your ability to refactor and align these differences
will be the difference between success and failure. Defining swimlanes
and having a culture of clear and open communication are table stakes.


 ALWAYS CHEER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/always-cheer-ccd76145?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Jason Fried drops some science on just being positive. In a world
where it‚Äôs hard to avoid that person on X or Reddit who is
complaining about a co-worker, wouldn‚Äôt it be great to lead with
positivity? Just a friendly reminder. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

 TOLD (PRODUCT) [https://www.told.club/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Collect user feedback with in-product surveys. 

 STRIPE EMBEDDED CHECKOUT (PRODUCT)
[https://embedcheckout.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Embed Stripe‚Äôs prebuilt payment form directly into your site. 

 PRODUCTAI (PRODUCT)
[https://www.productai.photo/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 Generate product photos with AI. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW ZAPIER GROWS: AUTOMATING GROWTH (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.howtheygrow.co/p/how-zapier-grows/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Lessons on scaling to $230M ARR, acquiring 3M users, and reaching a
$5B valuation with just $1.3 million in funding. That‚Äôs wild! The
lack of funding acted as a forcing function to build a really smart
and capital-efficient company. This is a long deep-dive fit for a
Sunday morning coffee. 

 NOTHING MATTERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://marcrandolph.com/nothing-matters/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

 This isn‚Äôt a post about nihilism. What it‚Äôs saying is that most
things don‚Äôt matter. Stop stressing about all the undone tasks and
simply focus your energy on the one or two things that really matter.
For Netflix founder Marc Randolph, this was differentiation and
customers. 

 5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM DOMO AT $320,000,000 IN ARR (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-domo-at-320000000-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 It‚Äôs always great to hear from people who are scaling what they
might do if they had to do it over. Scale is so hard to reach and it
feels like hindsight is always 20/20. Good read from the crew at
SaaStr. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 BUILDING RULES INTO YOUR LIFE TO MAKE BETTER DECISIONS (1 MINUTE
VIDEO)
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5I7_Fk45Kg/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Using self-made rules, like doing things async, giving yourself time
to think, not succumbing to social pressure, and never saying Yes
whilst on the phone, can help you make better decisions. 

 HOW MANY VENDORS ARE IN EACH CORE SAAS CATEGORY? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/how-many-1000s-of-top-vendors-there-are-in-each-core-category-1000s/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 Literally thousands. The competitive landscape today is vastly
different from what it was ten years ago. Your need to signal your
differences has never been greater. 

 M&A, BEFORE AND AFTER: WHAT FOUNDERS NEED TO KNOW (27 MINUTE LISTEN)
[https://a16z.com/podcast/ma-before-and-after-what-founders-need-to-know/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


 A quick guide to the ins and outs of what founders need to know about
the M&A process. The short version: companies get bought, they don‚Äôt
get sold. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, AI/ML
engineers, product managers, designers or other tech talent, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton], Matt Roberts
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-robertsmr/] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=6884f844-6f21-11ee-8abb-f79148276b8c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697803252&t=1697803399&s=233c3ae0027815fe31eb8dcdf7c709a68f250395b26c34495592348676185e6f].