# Articles TLDR Founders 01-05-2023

Its estimated that by 2025, around 80% of generated data will be
unstructured, including images, videos, and protein structures¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/founders?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrfounders&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=0ce9b830-e7f9-11ed-b09a-473330df60e2&pt=campaign&t=1682949965&s=a929da6552daa4731f1439561ea5c1642810b8090a9a2c1123ad7a9b5cab9026]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Segment]
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder]

¬†TLDR FOUNDERS 2023-05-01

SEGMENT IS NOW FREE FOR EARLY-STAGE STARTUPS. HERE‚ÄôS WHY YOU SHOULD
CARE (SPONSOR)
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder]


Being a founder is hard. Finding product-market fit is one of the
toughest challenges, and forces you to answer questions
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder]
like: "Are people using my product? How are they using it? Are they
returning week over week?"
When first starting out, Segment co-founders didn't understand how
important these questions were or how to use analytics to answer them
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder].
So they spent 1.5 years and 7 different MVPs in their pursuit of
product-market-fit before finding the secret sauce.

Segment helps you collect, clean, and act on your customer data. You
can now build fast with a reliable, performant, and compliant stack.
And it‚Äôs free
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder]
for early-stage startups. Get started here
[https://learn.segment.com/industry-startups/?prefill_Partner%20Code=tldr&prefill_Segment%20Code=April-2023-Founder]

üìà 

HEADLINES & TRENDS

PINECONE RAISES $100M - VECTOR DATABASE DEMAND GROWS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/27/pinecone-drops-100m-investment-on-750m-valuation-as-vector-database-demand-grows/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


It's estimated that by 2025, around 80% of generated data will be
unstructured, including images, videos, and protein structures. This
shift is prompting businesses to rethink how they manage and utilize
data. 

IT‚ÄôS NOT A FAILURE - IT‚ÄôS STEPS TO SUCCESS (2 MINUTE VIDEO)
[https://feld.com/archives/2023/04/its-not-a-failure-its-steps-to-success/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Brad always has gems on being an entrepreneur and this one hits the
nail on the head. Sharing via Brad because that is how we found it. 

FOUNDER & CEO IS KINDA A BS TITLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://world.hey.com/jason/founder-ceo-is-kinda-a-bs-title-9fe101e9?utm_source=tldrfounders]


The title ‚ÄúCEO‚Äù does seem a little ridiculous for startups. I know
I have felt that way before. That said, I do think the title is more
for external purposes than anything. At the end of the day, the buck
stops with you. 

COULD J&J‚ÄôS IPO KICK OFF A WAVE OF IPOS? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.crunchbase.com/public/johnson-johnson-kenvue-shein-stripe/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


We‚Äôve been a month away from a recession for the last 18 months so I
don‚Äôt think we‚Äôre at a tipping point on IPOs just yet. There is
still so much uncertainty in the (potentially) public and private
company valuations that I think we‚Äôre going to be in a big
‚Äúwait-and-see‚Äù space for the foreseeable future. 

üß† 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

NAVIGATING THE HIGH COST OF AI COMPUTE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://a16z.com/2023/04/27/navigating-the-high-cost-of-ai-compute/] 

A painstakingly detailed explanation around why AI compute is so
expensive. It feels like there are so many opportunities for NewCos
around this very problem. 

5 INTERESTING LEARNINGS FROM SQUARESPACE AT $1 BILLION IN ARR (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/5-interesting-learnings-from-squarespace-at-1-billion-in-arr/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


While not a problem a lot of companies face, it is fascinating to have
to reflect on what happens when you start to hit the gross revenue of
the TAM for your space. Jason Lemkin is always super prolific with his
content on SaaStr. 

WHAT 99% OF FOUNDERS GET WRONG WITH THEIR FORECASTS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://archive.is/N2c9l?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Stop thinking forward ‚Äî start thinking backward. Backcasting
involves visualizing future challenges and engineering a pathway to
take customers to that future place. 

WRITING WITH A NEMESIS: USING CHATGPT TO STRENGTHEN YOUR ARGUMENTS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://thebootstrappedfounder.com/writing-with-a-nemesis-using-chatgpt-to-strengthen-your-arguments/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Founders can benefit from hearing different perspectives and
identifying missing pieces in their plans or arguments. Arvid Kahl
describes how he uses ChatGPT to suggest better examples, fact-check,
and make his arguments more accessible to a wider audience. 

HOW REPOSITIONING A PRODUCT ALLOWS YOU TO 8X IT‚ÄôS PRICE (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://longform.asmartbear.com/more-value-not-save-money/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=asmartbear_twitter?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In a blog post by Jason Cohen, the focus is on the importance of
providing value over cutting costs in business. He argues for a "10x
value proposition," where a product delivers ten times its cost in
value to customers, and promotes the idea of "value-based pricing."
This approach encourages pricing based on the customer's perceived
value rather than just marking up the cost of production. 

‚öíÔ∏è 

TOOLS & RESOURCES

FOUNDER‚ÄôS CHOICE LAUNCHES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://founderschoicevc.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

We‚Äôve seen iterations of these before (thefunded, VCGuide) and it is
always helpful to have insight on current happenings/feedback on
potential investors. I wouldn‚Äôt use this as the only source of
feedback so YMMV. Some good discussion about this site over at HN as
well: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=31261591 

AOMNI LAUNCHES SHOWING OFF THE POWER OF AUTOGPT (5 MINUTE DEMO)
[https://www.aomni.com/?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

AutoGPT is all the rage but AOMNI has taken it to the next level by
hooking together a variety of tools to be able to summarize real-time
content through simple prompts. ‚ÄúSummarize the top news stories for
today from Hacker News for me‚Äù and it will return (in about 10
minutes) a pretty good summary. 

SUMMARIZE YOUTUBE VIDEOS QUICKLY (PRODUCT)
[https://www.you-tldr.com?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

Quickly summarize videos, lectures, podcasts, and more. Summarize Tech
is another summary tool. 

NEWSBYTES (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/Zafirmk/NewsBytes?utm_source=tldrfounders] 

NewsBytes is an AI generated podcast that covers global headlines in
roughly 5 minutes. 

TOP 16 PRE-SEED INVESTORS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://spacecadet.ventures/top-pre-seed-investors?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A list of 16 notable pre-seed investors. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

COMMON MISCONCEPTIONS OF FIRST-TIME FOUNDERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1651670007963697154.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In this tweet thread, Jack Altman debunks eight common misconceptions
that many first-time founders believe. 

10 THINGS NEW SALES REPS ARE TAUGHT THAT MAYBE THEY SHOULDN'T (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1652424591787315201.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Jason Lemkin warns about how incorrect training of new sales reps can
lead to lost revenue. 

OUTSOURCING YOUR FINANCIAL LIFE TO GPT-4 (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1652387444904583169.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Joshua Browder of DoNotPay gave AutoGPT access to their bank,
financial statements, credit report, and email. GPT-4 successfully
identified and canceled useless subscriptions, obtained a refund from
United Airlines which resulted in savings of over $200. 

DUSTIN MOSKOVITZ INTERVIEW (20 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.saastr.com/dustin-moskovitz-asana-fast-growth-mindful-business-video-transcript/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


In a transcript of a SaaStr talk, Dustin Moskovitz, the co-founder of
Asana and Facebook, shares insights on balancing fast growth with
mindful business practices. He emphasizes that while growth is
crucial, it's equally important to be mindful of the culture, people,
and processes that make the business work. Moskovitz advocates for
clear communication, setting a deliberate pace, and prioritizing
work-life balance. He points out that preserving your team's health
and avoiding burnout is key to maintaining sustainable growth. The
talk also includes discussions on efficient meeting practices, the
importance of clarity in roles, and the value of defining
responsibilities. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

1ST-TIME STARTUP FOUNDERS ALWAY BUILD THE PRODUCT FIRST (TWEET)
[https://twitter.com/dagorenouf/status/1646527039506366466?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Startup life is a comedy of errors followed by a few successes 

GREEN VEGETABLES OF STARTUPLAND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidcummings.org/2023/04/29/green-vegetables-of-startupland/?utm_source=tldrfounders]


A quick read on why it's crucial to prioritize a key must-have element
over nice-to-have features when building a startup. 

US ECONOMY'S 150-YEAR GROWTH STREAK ATTRIBUTED TO GEOGRAPHY (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1652285351107641344.html?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Michael Girdley drops a thread on the unique attributes of the US and
how it's helped create the most opportunity globally. 

FOUR-DAY WORKWEEK A SUCCESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theguardian.com/society/2023/apr/29/first-uk-council-trial-of-four-day-week-set-to-be-extended-success?utm_source=tldrfounders]


Exciting news for work-life balance advocates, as the first UK council
to trial a four-day workweek is set to extend the program due to its
success. Reports indicate improvements in staff wellbeing and service
quality, without any drop in productivity. Council leaders now plan to
continue the four-day week for another six months to gather more data
and potentially pave the way for a permanent switch. 

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of founders,
executives, and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Courtney Guertin [https://twitter.com/courtstarr], Scott Kveton
[https://twitter.com/kveton] & Andrew Tan
[https://twitter.com/andrewztan] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Founders,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=33bb36cf-4024-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041e91b6-96a1-11ed-b777-3729ef006681&p=0ce9b830-e7f9-11ed-b09a-473330df60e2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1682949620&t=1682949965&s=90952d139246a147578d302fe83c0c235b120536db5794aa7f811081f15e4787].


¬†