# Articles TLDR Marketing 22-09-2023

YouTube Create is launching in beta with the goal of simplifying video
creation for YouTube Shorts in a bid to compete with TikTok¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=78b6f9de-592c-11ee-94d0-154d24295000&pt=campaign&t=1695380619&s=582aa9a26840643b6ae734abd2e3732e3cb81e17c4596622ae0e57834cd9633e]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-22

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE: EXPECT MORE SIMPLIFICATION OF SEARCH RESULTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-expect-more-simplification-of-search-results-432305?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google has been removing SERP features that users don‚Äôt use or find
useful. This includes the change to video thumbnails, removal of
HowTo-rich results, and heavily reduced visibility of FAQ-rich
results. Marketers should expect more simplification in Google results
and avoid SEO strategies that rely on specific search features. 

USERS CAN NOW CREATE MULTIPLE PROFILES ON FACEBOOK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/21/facebook-rolls-out-multiple-personal-profiles-feature/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Facebook now allows users to create multiple personal profiles in an
effort to help users explore different interests or keep friends lists
separate. Each profile will have a unique feed with relevant content,
and users will be able to switch between profiles without having to
log in. It is unclear how this impacts advertising. Privacy settings
for each profile are managed independently and don‚Äôt carry over from
the original profile. 

YOUTUBE MADE A VIDEO EDITING APP‚ÄîJUST LIKE TIKTOK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/21/23883755/youtube-create-mobile-video-editing-app-tiktok-capcut?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube Create is launching in beta with the goal of simplifying video
creation for YouTube Shorts in a bid to compete with TikTok. The app
offers various video editing tools such as precision editing,
automatic captioning, voiceover capabilities, and royalty-free music
with beat-matching technology. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO FIND SEO CONTENT IDEAS ON REDDIT (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/how-to-use-reddit-keyword-research-content-marketing-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Reddit keyword research involves searching for relevant subreddits,
reviewing high-engagement posts, and determining which topics make
sense for SEO content. You can then prioritize the topics by running
them through keyword research tools like Related Subreddits Finder or
Keyworddit. 

4 AD STYLES TO TEST FOR QUICK WINS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/emilis-karvelis_4-ads-to-test-for-quick-wins-ugcPost-7110558323946483712-yThu?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This carousel outlines 4 ad creative styles that marketers can test on
a small budget: native stories, features point outs, testimonials, and
comparisons. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

COPY THIS 21-IN-1 CUSTOM PROMPT TO MAXIMIZE YOUR CHATGPT OUTPUTS (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/drewbrucker_generativeai-chatgpt-custominstructions-activity-7110603359610425344-Fyu1?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Use custom instructions in ChatGPT to avoid low quality outputs. This
21-line instruction to the AI tool helps produce high quality results,
especially when creating content. Interesting excerpts from the prompt
include ‚Äúif you speculate or predict something, inform me‚Äù and
‚Äúmaintain neutrality in sensitive topics.‚Äù 

19 CONTENT MARKETING BEST PRACTICES TO PROPEL YOUR GROWTH (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/content-marketing/content-marketing-best-practices/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Good content marketing provides consumers with engaging and thoughtful
stories that they‚Äôll gladly give their attention and business to.
This article highlights 19 best practices, for example, developing
in-depth knowledge about your audience, carefully picking the
platforms to use, and giving readers a reason to share your content. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW ONE BRAND DOMINATED THE MARKET THROUGH BACKLINKS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationinc.co/lab/achieving-market-dominance?utm_source=tldmarketing]

This case study outlines how a digital design tool brand improved its
market position through a robust link-building strategy. Its actions
included strategic partnerships that produced links, reverse
engineering competitor backlinks, and directing links to high-value
pages. The campaign earned over 630 high-quality links and put the
site in a dominant position for high-growth keywords. 

HOW GENERATIVE AI IS ELEVATING CREATIVITY IN THE WORKPLACE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.canva.com/newsroom/news/generative-AI-marketers-creatives/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Canva surveyed over 4000 global marketing and creative leaders to
understand how generative AI is transforming their roles. This article
contains several stats from the survey that show how marketers are
addressing AI tool overload, managing AI risks with privacy, and
fueling creativity with AI. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

YOUR BIGGEST AI MARKETING QUESTIONS ANSWERED BY GOOGLE EXPERTS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/marketing-strategies/automation/ai-marketing-questions/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google's experts address key AI marketing questions, emphasizing the
importance of human-AI collaboration, data optimization, privacy,
copyright adherence, and insights utilization. 

GOOGLE'S SGE WILL BE FATAL FOR THIN AND AFFILIATE SITES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://productledseo.substack.com/p/googles-sge-will-be-fatal-for-thin?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google's search generative experience could have a significant impact
on search traffic across various verticals, particularly for affiliate
sites relying solely on keyword-rich content. 

HOW TO SAVE TONS OF TIME WITH INSTAGRAM AUTO REPLY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hootsuite.com/instagram-auto-reply/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A guide on Instagram's Auto Reply tool, covering pros and cons,
examples, and step-by-step instructions on how to set it up. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=78b6f9de-592c-11ee-94d0-154d24295000&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695380419&t=1695380619&s=adadabe8f66d7937f416553dda4041995038b3d76b0017d2db1b03640bc0dbd1].