# Articles TLDR Marketing 26-10-2023

7 out of every 10 shoppers abandon their online shopping carts and
dont complete their transactions¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=540a3d50-73c9-11ee-80c3-b3bb913cdc15&pt=campaign&t=1698318190&s=8a32d0171a1f3eb46700e997ffd531c5d724c3a391a9e0735b85b68b9a2d34ab]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-26

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 AMAZON‚ÄôS NEW GENERATIVE AI TOOL LETS ADVERTISERS ENHANCE PRODUCT
IMAGES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/25/amazons-new-generative-ai-tool-lets-advertisers-enhance-product-images/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Amazon is rolling out a generative AI image tool for advertisers in
an effort to simplify ad creation and enhance engagement. This will
allow them to create compelling, context-rich images for products,
potentially increasing click-through rates by 40%. 

 GOOGLE IMAGE SEARCH WILL NOW SHOW A PHOTO‚ÄôS HISTORY. CAN IT SPOT
FAKES? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wired.com/story/google-about-this-image-misinformation/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google is introducing an "About this image" feature to its image
search results to provide users with context about the photos they
find online. Information provided includes when the image was first
indexed by Google, its original source, and its appearances on the
internet, including on social media. The tool indicates if an image
has been fact-checked to help users spot misinformation. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 21 CART ABANDONMENT STATISTICS TO HELP BUILD YOUR 2023 STRATEGY (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drip.com/blog/cart-abandonment-statistics?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 7 out of every 10 shoppers abandon their online shopping carts and
don't complete their transactions. Extra costs and forced account
creation are the top reasons for cart abandonments. Best practices to
reduce cart abandonment rates include reducing the number of form
fields during checkout, offering diverse payment options, and
personalizing retargeted ads. 

 HOLY GRAIL COPYWRITING: THE 5-STEP MODEL BEHIND BLOCKBUSTER MARKETING
CAMPAIGNS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalmarketer.com/blog/holy-grail-copywriting/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The Holy Grail Copywriting model‚Äôs core principle is to align
products with the customer‚Äôs most significant desire or pain. It‚Äôs
crucial to first differentiate between passive pain (complaining
without action) and active pain (which drives action) - the latter is
what should drive your copywriting. With that, you can position your
product marketing to directly address the most meaningful customer
pain points. 

 HOW TO BUILD YOUR GROWTH MARKETING STRATEGY (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.mkt1.co/p/how-to-build-your-growth-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Use these 3 exercises to help 2024‚Äôs annual marketing planning
sessions go smoother and faster. This post frames 4 high-level ways to
drive growth, analyzes 3 marketing strategy drivers, and advises how
to use 20% of your efforts to drive 80% of your growth. Note: This
post is behind a paywall. However, the author has made it public for
the time beingtime being. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 A TEMPLATE TO STREAMLINE YOUR B2B STRATEGY REPORTING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/patrick-james-cumming_how-i-track-b2b-marketing-strategy-success-activity-7122099425178435586-O9g3?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Most marketers report on way too many metrics, which leads to less
focus and slower growth. This template combines Objectives and Key
Results for macro performance, and 1 Metric that Matters Most for
funnel performance. A link to the template is available in the post
comments. 

 5 FINDINGS ON AI‚ÄôS IMPACT ON SMB MARKETING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/ai/ai-for-smb-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 91% of SMBs that use AI say it has helped make their business more
successful and 60% reported it made them more efficient. It‚Äôs most
commonly used for social media, content creation, and email campaigns.
38% percent of SMBs using AI say they have gotten to know their
customers better due to audience segmentation and analytics. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 ONCE UPON A BRAND: THE POWER OF STORYTELLING IN MARKETING (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/marketing-strategy/the-power-of-storytelling-in-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Brands that master the art of storytelling can make their products
and services more relatable, evoke emotions, build trust, and
ultimately yield better returns on their investments. To effectively
leverage storytelling in content marketing, brands must create a
compelling narrative that focuses on customers as the heroes, maintain
authenticity, convey emotions, and utilize visuals to reinforce their
message. 

 4 TIPS FOR WORKING WITH TIKTOK CREATORS AS CONSULTANTS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.tiktok.com/business/en/blog/creators-as-consultants/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Gone are the days when creators served merely as spokespeople. Today,
TikTok creators act as full-service consultants‚Äîoffering their
expertise on when, where, and how brands should appear to achieve
results. Investing in creator ambassadors includes ensuring an
alignment in mission statements, sharing ample background information,
and trusting a creator‚Äôs vision. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 13 COURSES TO LEARN E-COMMERCE SKILLS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/13-courses-to-learn-ecommerce-skills?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This list of free and inexpensive e-commerce courses includes
learning how to launch an online business, digital marketing
strategies, dropshipping, and SEO. 

 THE ULTIMATE STORY OF GROWTH (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegrowthmind.substack.com/p/story-of-growth-hacking-part-1?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The genesis and evolution of growth hacking as a discipline since
2007. 

 HOOTSUITE‚ÄôS FIRST CREATOR CAMPAIGN ON LINKEDIN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/eileen-kwok_linkedin-influencers-are-a-thing-nowand-activity-7122993329323085824-JVRx?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The marketer behind this campaign shares how they created
Hootsuite-branded whiteboards to emulate the popular ‚ÄúDude With
Sign‚Äù trend for marketers to write their hot takes. The story was
picked up by Fast Company and the link to the article is included in
the post. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=540a3d50-73c9-11ee-80c3-b3bb913cdc15&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698318018&t=1698318190&s=9aca125aa6cff32ee06c2138b39ed3c81e2b88eac49a42b462ed34c2d0313213].


¬†