# Articles TLDR Marketing 13-09-2023

TikTok Shop allows users to discover and shop for products directly
within the TikTok app¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e935fa82-5212-11ee-9ae6-a5662bcd9c4d&pt=campaign&t=1694603031&s=be10f34f06582aae168da001105b62893c2372e4907c51014decdf8c0e7c4aa2]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-13

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

TIKTOK SHOP LAUNCHES IN US (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/tiktok-shop-launches-us/693404/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok Shop allows users to discover and shop for products directly
within the TikTok app, with shoppable videos and live streams
integrated into users' feeds. It offers tools for businesses to create
custom product collections, a shop tab, and product recommendations.
Additionally, the TikTok Shop Seller Center app allows merchants to
connect directly from other e-commerce platforms like Shopify and
Salesforce. 

SUSPENDED GOOGLE ADS ADVERTISERS MAY BE REQUIRED TO PASS ADVERTISER
VERIFICATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/suspended-google-ads-advertisers-may-be-required-to-pass-advertiser-verification-431848?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Instead of simply submitting a suspension appeal to Google Ads, some
advertisers will need to go through a verification process to be
allowed to submit an appeal. Advertisers on monthly invoicing are
exempt, and can directly appeal their account suspension. This rolls
out on October 10, 2023. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE ONLY 5 HOMEPAGE DESIGNS THAT WORK OVER AND OVER (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.quicksprout.com/homepage-designs/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Simple and familiar homepage designs are better for customer
experience and conversions than overcrowded and unconventional
designs. This article covers 5 tried-and-true design layouts with
examples. 

HOW I‚ÄôD GROW QUIP (LINKEDIN CAROUSEL)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/alex-garcia-294119159_how-id-grow-quip-ugcPost-7106984446746132480-JkKc/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post outlines how to improve Quip‚Äôs existing marketing using
landing pages, paid media, social media, and email. The tactics
include rewriting page headlines to be more specific, making ads about
education rather than discounts, and focusing social on education and
UGC rather than purely promotional content. 

USE YOUR CUSTOMER SUCCESS TEAM FOR CAMPAIGN INSPO (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kaylee-edmondson_marketing-teams-have-an-endless-supply-of-activity-7107417050561613824-2ULS?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Customer Success is a goldmine of knowledge that often gets overlooked
by marketers. Build alignment by creating an FAQ list where CSMs add
real questions from customers on an ongoing basis. Then, work with
them to turn each of those questions into content that addresses those
issues. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

YOUTUBE SEO CHECKLIST BY FLOW (GOOGLE SHEET)
[https://www.flow-seo.com/youtube-audit-checklist/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This audit checklist comes in handy for optimizing YouTube channel
visibility, maximizing playlists for viewer retention, and improving
search engine ranks and accessibility. 

NEW REPORT LOOKS AT EVOLVING CONSUMER EXPECTATIONS OF SOCIAL MEDIA
MARKETING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/new-report-looks-at-evolving-consumer-expectations-of-social-media-marketin/693490/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A new report based on survey data from social media users and
marketers shows that the most common reason for following a brand is
to stay informed about new products or services. Additionally, users
say the most memorable brands are those that respond to customers on
social media. The report includes additional insights about AI use and
content preferences. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

A GUIDE TO MICRO-INFLUENCER MARKETING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://smartblogger.com/micro-influencer/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Micro-influencers typically have up to tens of thousands of followers
and are leveraged by brands to foster trust and close connections with
their audiences. They‚Äôre often more cost-effective than
mega-influencers. This guide covers the benefits of teaming up with
micro-influencers, how to find the right ones to work with, and 7
brands that stand out in the micro-influencer landscape. 

REFORGE‚ÄôS NEW UNSOLICITED FEEDBACK PODCAST (WEBSITE)
[https://www.reforge.com/podcast/unsolicited-feedback/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Unsolicited Feedback is a new podcast that invites listeners into
closed-door conversations between growth and product leaders. It has
an impressive upcoming guest list that includes former and current
CPOs at Dropbox, Color, Atlassian, and Eventbrite. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW WE DEALT WITH A CLIENT‚ÄôS SEO NIGHTMARE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/youngbloodjoe/status/1701314089136337199?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This X thread outlines in detail how an agency dealt with one of the
worst SEO cases they‚Äôve ever seen. 

HOW TO UNCOVER YOUR PRICING CHEAT CODES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7107305316618231808/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Pricing a product can be challenging. This author shares a tactic
called ‚Äúdoor-in-the-face‚Äù pricing test that taps into consumer
pricing psychology. 

THREE IN FIVE STUDENTS OPT FOR AD-SUPPORTED SUBSCRIPTIONS TO KEEP
COSTS AFFORDABLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingtechnews.net/news/2023/sep/12/three-in-five-students-opt-for-ad-supported-subscriptions-to-keep-costs-affordable/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Gen Z students prioritize budget-friendly pricing when choosing
streaming services with 93% saying that price is the ultimate
deal-breaker. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e935fa82-5212-11ee-9ae6-a5662bcd9c4d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694602824&t=1694603031&s=0b48b01594ceae3d0a64bafe882f047530b64d6571e7d84073c61de0c26f189a].