# Articles TLDR Marketing 10-10-2023

Meta is gearing up to add new features to Threads to increase user
engagement and compete with X.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=7eebc9a4-673e-11ee-8363-5d26345b8d0a&pt=campaign&t=1696935943&s=4e4cfa6523af3c7530e50b7e6fd56c163e0ebe132b7202cf7daba5241cd95061]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-10

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

THREADS LOOKS TO ADD TRENDING TOPICS, GIFS, VOICE POSTS AND MORE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/threads-looks-to-add-trending-topics-gifs-voice-posts-and-more/696042/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta is gearing up to add new features to Threads to increase user
engagement and compete with X. The app will soon have a new
‚ÄúTrending Topics‚Äù section, voice posts, GIFs, and in-stream polls.
Meta is also working on new ways to promote users‚Äô Threads activity,
both on Instagram and in the app. 

GOOGLE SEARCH GENERATIVE EXPERIENCE LITE VERSION TEST (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seroundtable.com/google-lite-search-generative-experience-36178.html?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google is testing a simplified version of the Search Generative
Experience that features a more subtle AI-generated answer box with
fewer colors and lines. Users are able to click to expand the lite
version. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

5 FRAMEWORKS FOR PRODUCT LAUNCH MESSAGING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kevanlee.substack.com/p/442-launch-plans?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

From writing fake press releases to using blog posts, creating a
lightweight positioning document, developing a complete product, or
launching a full GTM plan‚Äîthis author stresses to only use these
frameworks for P1 and P2 tiered product launches. P1 launches are
described as new-to-the-market features that attract customers, while
P2s are either new and retain customers or table stakes that attract
customers. 

OVERSTOCK‚ÄôS BED BATH & BEYOND REBRAND: THE SEO IMPACT (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/seo-impact-overstock-bed-bath-beyond-website-merger-432995?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Overstock relaunched as Bed Bath & Beyond and redirected one website
to the other - likely a bad decision for SEO. In addition to losing a
position in SERPs where both sites had appeared, it also didn‚Äôt
cleanly 301 redirect all URLs to an equal counterpart on
bedbathandbeyond.com. SEO traffic for the website probably won‚Äôt
ever reach the previous total combined traffic of the two websites.
This article contains a list of steps Overstock should‚Äôve taken as
part of this migration to help maintain traffic. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

HOW TO USE THE SHOPPER JOURNEY REPORTS IN GA4 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/new-ga4-shopper-journey-reports-are-powerful?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

New ecommerce-focused Google Analytics reports can help identify
issues with shopper journeys and the checkout process. The Purchase
Journey report shows the funnel from when a user starts a web session
through purchase, while the Checkout Journey report details the steps
of the checkout funnel. Both reports require that ecommerce events are
implemented. 

10 GTM STRATEGY EXAMPLES AND TEMPLATES (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://upscope.com/blog/10-companies-show-you-their-go-to-market-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide explains the major components of a GTM strategy and how to
craft a value matrix to derive product positioning and messaging. It
showcases 10 companies that disclose their GTM strategies and
templates, including Fitbit, Huawei, and Cisco. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

5 QUESTIONS TO DIAGNOSE WHY SALES, MARKETING, AND CS ARE OUT OF SYNC
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/gtmonday/p/5-questions-to-diagnose-why-sales?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

According to survey results, 35% of respondents struggle with a lack
of alignment in their GTM teams, particularly in sales, marketing, and
customer success. This piece presents 5 diagnostic questions to
address the issue that consider the ideal customer profile, team
relationships, and performance metrics. 

GENERATIVE AI‚ÄôS ACT TWO (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/generative-ai-act-two/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article discusses the evolution of generative AI, highlighting
its rapid growth and impact. It describes ‚ÄúAct 1‚Äù unleashing a
wave of novelty apps that were lightweight demos of cool new
technology. As the market enters into ‚ÄúAct 2‚Äù, the authors predict
that new applications will have new editing interfaces, making
workflows stickier and outputs better. An updated generative AI market
map is available. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT MAKES A GREAT BACKLINK FOR SEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/connorgillivan_7-qualities-of-the-best-seo-backlinks-activity-7115288997089746946-CJo1?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

High quality backlinks are relevant to the linking site and your site,
fit naturally in the content, on a page that gets traffic, and from a
site that‚Äôs picky about linking out. 

HOW THE GOOGLE ANTITRUST LAWSUIT CAN IMPACT ADVERTISERS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/how-the-google-antitrust-lawsuit-can-impact-advertisers-433006?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The DOJ's antitrust lawsuit against Google has potential outcomes that
could reshape the digital advertising landscape, impacting
advertisers' access to ad inventory, automated blended campaigns, and
data-driven attribution. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=7eebc9a4-673e-11ee-8363-5d26345b8d0a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696935619&t=1696935943&s=602607e8ad8346ce0348ba1e96e6718f0ac3fb53e36b53b6e5f73eb910d52843].