# Articles TLDR Marketing 31-08-2023

Your Google Analytics 4 tags are going to change¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d61dc10a-47e0-11ee-9a5c-cfed9e2bce11&pt=campaign&t=1693479825&s=756f78c9491bc0e8a8a9e7028de5ce719bdf4a1b1b3404422f4595aedf030b60]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-31

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

INSTAGRAM IS NOW ALLOWING USERS TO PROMOTE STORIES AS ADS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://developers.facebook.com/blog/post/2023/08/28/marketing-api-allowing-users-to-promote-stories-as-ads/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Advertisers and users are now able to seamlessly promote their image
and/or video media from Instagram Stories as ads via the Instagram
Marketing API. 

YOUR GOOGLE ANALYTICS 4 TAGS ARE GOING TO CHANGE (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://support.google.com/tagmanager/answer/13543899?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The new Google tag will replace the existing GA4 Configuration tag.
The new tag will be able to send data to multiple Google product
destinations, including Google Ads. GA4 tags will be automatically
upgraded and existing site tracking won‚Äôt be disrupted. 

INSTAGRAM IS TESTING 10 MINUTE LONG REELS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/30/instagram-is-internally-testing-the-ability-to-create-reels-up-to-10-minutes-long/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Instagram is internally testing the ability to create Reels that are
up to 10 minutes in length, which would align the product with TikTok.


üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

8 COPYWRITING HACKS TO INSTANTLY INCREASE YOUR SIGN-UPS (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/boringmarketer/status/1696904387937927317/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This thread shares the dos and don‚Äôts of writing effective copy for
landing pages with examples from Asana, Airtable, and Figma. Best
practices include benefit-driven copy over feature-drive copy and
addressing one big pain point. 

HOW TO USE AI TO FIND THE GAPS IN YOUR MESSAGING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.impactplus.com/blog/use-ai-to-improve-your-messaging?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Overlooked holes in your messaging could cause a trust gap for
potential customers. To avoid this, ask ChatGPT to review your website
copy and identify gaps. You can use the same tactic on competitor
sites. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

20+ FREE SCRIPTS FOR AUTOMATING MARKETING TASKS (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/ktynski/Marketing_Automations_Notebooks_With_GPT?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This repository contains a collection of automations and experiments
related to social media, SEO, and PR. Their use cases include
customized AI analysis of TikTok videos, news media monitoring and
clustering, and persona motivation research. 

MOBILE APP LANDING PAGE EXAMPLES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://instapage.com/blog/mobile-app-landing-page-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Almost 60% of web traffic is mobile, so a great mobile app landing
page is essential. This article analyzes desktop and mobile examples
from Shopify, Squarespace, Pumble, Staffbase, and Dynamic Yield. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CORPORATE CONTENT IS DEAD - DO THIS INSTEAD (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/liz-willits_corporate-content-is-dead-audiences-want-activity-7102640423369588736-YfQD?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Audiences want to consume content created by people, not a
corporation. Create a powerful, human brand voice by allowing your
content creators to use their own voice, guided by brand values.
Additionally, consider inventing a strong brand face, like
Duolingo‚Äôs Owl on Tiktok, or using your founder‚Äôs face and voice. 

VAN LEEUWEN AND THE ART OF NOT ADVERTISING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://brandingin4d.substack.com/p/van-leeuwen-and-the-art-of-not-advertising?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This ice cream brand was able to grow significantly without any ad
spend. Brands can emulate its success by investing in standout
packaging, both physical and digital. Additionally, companies can
launch meaningful partnerships or invest in PR, promotions, and
events, ideally at a local level. 

THE INTERSECTION OF LUXURY AND SPORTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.acedigitalgroup.com/post/the-intersection-of-luxury-and-sports-a-winning-strategy-for-prada-burberry-and-more/?utm_soure=tldrmarketing]

More luxury brands are leveraging sports culture to create connections
with broader audiences. Collaborations like Adidas X Gucci blur the
lines between high society and everyday culture, extending an
invitation to diverse communities to experience luxury on their terms.
This strategy led to a 27% increase in brand engagement from younger
demographics. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

MOST PEOPLE USE GA4 ALL WRONG (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/analyticsnerd_ga4-activity-7101657457449385984-HyDf?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

While useful, GA4 doesn‚Äôt provide a full picture of business
performance and customer audiences. 

WHAT DOES YOUR BRAND STAND FOR? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://buildtoscale.substack.com/p/what-does-your-brand-stand-for?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A brand is the promise that a company makes combined with the
experience customers have. 

10 GREAT MARKETING TALKS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7102318642209464320/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A curated list of in-depth talks that each cover a specific growth
topic. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d61dc10a-47e0-11ee-9a5c-cfed9e2bce11&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693479623&t=1693479825&s=9910999e09a1299c6db45e4dc5b8ec69450224b3a94083afb5f1e512a71cec10].

¬†¬†