# Articles TLDR Marketing 18-08-2023

X has been serving ads from large brands such as Amazon, Samsung, and
FIFA next to neo-nazi content¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=35a99b46-3db2-11ee-91e9-6f328c83530e&pt=campaign&t=1692356598&s=8d2dabee1f8b9ea7c188d9309b37af2442bfb2eaab35ec3bc54fab15f98bea30]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-18

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

BRANDS SUSPEND ADVERTISING ON X AFTER ADS APPEAR ALONGSIDE NAZI
CONTENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/x-twitter-brands-suspend-ads-showing-beside-nazi-content?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


X has been serving ads from large brands such as Amazon, Samsung, and
FIFA next to neo-nazi content. The news comes shortly after Linda
Yaccarino reinforced X's commitment to brand safety in an interview. 

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS AI-POWERED CHATBOT FAILING TO GAIN SEARCH MARKET SHARE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pymnts.com/artificial-intelligence-2/2023/report-microsofts-ai-powered-chatbot-failing-to-gain-search-market-share/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Bing‚Äôs AI-powered chatbot has failed to impact its search engine
market share, which remained status quo at 3% in July, despite claims
of progress by Microsoft. Bing‚Äôs AI‚Äôs slow adoption is attributed
to user habits favoring Google, the novelty of chat-based search, and
its delayed release. 

HOW AI HELPS VIDEO MARKETERS MOVE AT THE SPEED OF CULTURE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/marketing-strategies/video/ai-video-marketing-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Video content consumption is exploding across devices and formats and
production has become more mobile, participation-based, and format
agnostic. These major shifts combined with new AI tools present new
ways for marketers to connect with audiences. In this article, Google
shares how its AI-powered tools can be used to find customers and
boost video creativity. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

5 BEST GOOGLE ADS ALTERNATIVES TO DIVERSIFY & GROW (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.searchenginejournal.com/google-ads-alternatives/489935/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Diversifying your ad platform strategy can combat rising CPCs in
Google Ads and provide access to untapped audiences. This article
recommends Microsoft, LinkedIn, Apple Search, The Trade Desk, and
Quora Ads as worthwhile alternatives to Google and also provides
insight into each one. 

ADVANCED SCALING WITH FACEBOOK ADS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/advanced-scaling-with-facebook-ads/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Paid ads can help your business grow rapidly when done right and
scaled up. This author outlines 3 methods to use when increasing spend
on Facebook Ads. These include what the author calls the shotgun
method, the bully method, and the surfing method, which can be used
individually or together. 

12 ZERO-DOLLAR MARKETING STRATEGIES THAT GOT EWEBINAR TO $1M ARR IN 3
YEARS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/melissakwan_these-are-the-12-zero-dollar-marketing-strategies-activity-7097925337367339009-CkEe?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Melissa Kwan, a 3X bootstrapper, lists 12 marketing strategies (not
hacks) she uses for her company, eWebinar. In the comments, she also
shares additional information on CRMs and marketing software used,
names of directories and review sites her company used before they had
their own content, and more! 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

UNPERSONALIZED SEARCH RANKINGS IN CHROME WITHOUT AN SEO TOOL (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/emily-barrington-905868140_seo-tip-one-of-the-hacks-i-use-every-activity-7097905157643845632-HAaO?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Organic search results in Google Chrome are personalized to you, which
means what you see might not be an accurate representation of where
your site ranks. By editing the parameters in a search URL, you can
see rankings without personalization. 

10 AWESOME LEAD GENERATION LANDING PAGE EXAMPLES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.optimizepress.com/lead-generation-landing-page-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


A poorly designed conversion page will lose you prospective customers.
This article includes 10 examples of lead gen pages from a variety of
industries. It also summarizes several best practices, including an
attention-grabbing headline and a testing strategy. 

ORGANIZATION SCHEMA: WHAT IT IS & HOW TO IMPLEMENT IT (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/schema-markup-for-company-corporations/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Organization Schema is a type of structured data that search engine
crawlers can read, enabling things like rich results or knowledge
panels on Google. This detailed how-to guide covers different ways to
implement the schema, how to test it, and best practices. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT THE FREEMIUM!? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/what-the-freemium?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The freemium model is a common growth strategy for SaaS products. It
actually existed long before the world went digital. This article
outlines the benefits of the model, the challenges that come with it,
and best practices for implementing it. 

REACH VS. TARGETING ON TV (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/elenahengel_reach-vs-targeting-activity-7097567372345057280-uta4/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Elena Hengel, VP of Marketing at Marketing Architects, makes an
argument for why brands might be better off maximizing reach than
paying extra to target on TV. Based on findings in her latest 34 page
report, reach builds mental availability, ensures brands don‚Äôt miss
their customers, and attracts more potential customers. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ILLINOIS PASSES LAW TO COMPENSATE CHILD INFLUENCERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/17/illinois-passes-law-to-compensate-child-influencers?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


New legislation will force parents who post videos of their children
under 16 years old to set aside part of the earnings in a trust fund
for the child to access when they turn 18. 

ONLY 23% OF DIGITAL MARKETERS WILL INVEST IN X IN THE NEXT 12 MONTHS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/digital-marketers-invest-next-12-months-430826?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The percentage of marketers planning to invest in X dropped from 27%
in Q1 2023 to 23% in Q3, based on a survey with almost 1,000
respondents. 

MOVABLE INK‚ÄôS 2023 SLEIGH THE PEAK SEASON EMAIL LOOKBOOK (12 PAGE
PDF)
[https://movableink-marketing.s3.amazonaws.com/2023/lookbooks/Sleigh+the+Peak+Season+Lookbook.pdf]


With a blend of easy-to-implement and sophisticated email campaigns,
Movable Ink highlights examples from 6 brands to provide holiday
inspiration. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=35a99b46-3db2-11ee-91e9-6f328c83530e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692356419&t=1692356598&s=319a4b1977aef4fd24bcf250e4c862db8f25dc9e8fb6d90fb8537db0a8ad8a41].
¬†