# Articles TLDR Marketing 18-09-2023

Google‚Äôs Creative Guidance leverages AI to make suggestions for
enhancing video ad performance.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=531cc312-55e8-11ee-8a5a-217dd0511241&pt=campaign&t=1695035011&s=2695a6454de7b4d2e3fd1c2559f3b2d5f9f3c3496143d1c6914acc1b15d77356]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-18

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE LAUNCHES NEW AI TOOL TO IMPROVE YOUTUBE AD OPTIMIZATION (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-ads-creative-guidance-improve-youtube-ads-432016?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google‚Äôs Creative Guidance leverages AI to make suggestions for
enhancing video ad performance. It is available through
'Recommendations' and has been integrated into Video Analytics within
Google Ads. The tool can check for the following in your creative:
brand logo presence, appropriate duration for marketing goals,
high-quality voice-over, and adequate aspect ratio. 

TIKTOK ELEVATES ITS SEARCH GAME FOR GEN Z BY INTEGRATING WIKIPEDIA
RESULTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.insiderintelligence.com/content/tiktok-elevates-its-search-game-gen-z-by-integrating-wikipedia-results/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok quietly introduced Wikipedia snippets within its search results
a few months ago. Users can find these Wikipedia excerpts interspersed
between relevant videos and the links redirect to Wikipedia. This
pivot signaled TikTok‚Äôs intention to become a more comprehensive
search engine. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

VISUALIZE THE POV OF USERS (3 MIN READ)
[https://www.marketingideas.com/p/visualize?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

People are more likely to take action when they can vividly imagine
themselves doing it. This is a psychological effect called
'Self-Reference' and it can be leveraged by marketers to improve their
campaigns. A few ways to apply this knowledge include using
first-person perspective in visuals, emphasizing the ease of taking
action, and simulating environments where users would use the product.


HOW TO CHOOSE THE BEST IMAGE FOR A PAGE‚ÄôS SEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chris-long-marketing_simple-seo-tip-if-youre-having-trouble-activity-7108049009511931904-fAUF?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Sometimes it's not clear what images are most appropriate for the
query or topic you're optimizing a page for. In these cases, you
should perform a Google Image search for the keyword you're optimizing
for. You'll find what type of imagery Google believes is contextually
related to the topic. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

AIPRM: FREE PLUGIN TO WRITE SEO CONTENT WITH CHATGPT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anna-york-seo_how-you-can-write-seo-optimized-content-with-ugcPost-7108049831520030720-mw6_?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post outlines how to use AIPRM, a free plugin, to generate
SEO-optimized content efficiently. The plugin provides ready-made
prompts, a keyword generator, keyword analysis, and more through
ChatGPT. Its combination of tools simplifies the content creation
process, but the output should be thoroughly reviewed. 

6 MARKETING CHARTS CHATGPT PLUS CAN MAKE FOR YOU (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/ai-marketing-charts/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares 6 types of prompts to use in ChatGPT Plus for
visualizations and insights into your marketing analytics data.
Examples include conducting a competitive analysis of your key pages,
an analysis of the performance of campaigns across your full marketing
funnel, and a web page audit for SEO and conversions. 

BLACK FRIDAY EMAIL MARKETING: TACTICAL BEST PRACTICES + EXAMPLES (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/224-hte-mastering-bfcm-email-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Now is the time to prepare your brand‚Äôs Black Friday and Cyber
Monday emails. This guide explains the steps to kickstart your
campaigns. It includes tips to build your email list, the content to
include, and effective subject lines to use. The guide also includes
sample campaigns, such as a ‚Äúget ready‚Äù email and an
average-spend-per-customer promotion. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WILL TARGETED ADVERTISING SURVIVE PRIVACY LEGISLATION? (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cmswire.com/digital-marketing/will-targeted-advertising-survive-privacy-legislation/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Targeted advertising is under threat due to privacy regulations and
consumer distrust. Privacy laws, like GDPR and CCPA, are demanding
higher levels of consumer consent, impacting traditional targeted
advertising practices. While this does not mean targeted advertising
will end soon, the industry is shifting towards a more transparent,
user-centric, and consent-driven model. Advertisers are turning to
alternative methods such as contextual advertising and zero-party data
to navigate this changing landscape. 

GROWING A BUSINESS WITH WEB3: THE WEB3 ACADEMY STORY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/growing-a-business-with-web3-the-web3-academy-story/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article discusses how Web3 Academy, a media company, has been
leveraging Web3 to provide a better customer experience and grow its
business. Web3 Academy focuses on people interested in new
technologies and provides various resources including a newsletter,
podcasts, and courses. It integrated NFTs into its business model to
improve the experience for premium subscribers. Web3 Academy is using
Web3 to innovate podcast and video consumption. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE SEARCH ANTITRUST TRIAL UPDATES: EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-search-antirust-trial-hearing-updates-431977?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A play-by-play on the latest developments from the landmark Google
search antitrust trial, which is set to last for 10 weeks. The outcome
could bring significant changes to Google and the future of the
internet. 

STOP COPYING YOUR COMPETITION‚ÄôS CONTENT AND ADS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jordan-chappell-marketing_if-you-are-copying-your-competitions-content-activity-7106886587170381825-u4mv?utm_source=tldmarketing]

Your competition is already trying to improve on what they're doing,
so focus on differentiation instead of copying their content or ads. 

3 PHASES OF A STRONG PRODUCT-LED SEO CAMPAIGN (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/brendanhufford_theres-massive-untapped-potential-in-using-activity-7107701978201251841-0DMM?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares how a company leveraged a product-led SEO opportunity
to increase its traffic by 400% by showcasing its product in its
content and making its product data public. 

100+ LIST OF MARKETING IDEAS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingideas.com/p/full-list/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A list of over a hundred unique marketing tactics that target buzz
generation, creating brand awareness, acquisition, retention, and
monetization. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=531cc312-55e8-11ee-8a5a-217dd0511241&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695034818&t=1695035011&s=44256c425327d701296a2356b20b08f64ae50e259e829cf814347492122c5ef4].