# Articles TLDR Marketing 21-08-2023

YouTube is still reportedly tracking children through ads served to
videos marked as "made for kids"¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=2e9135c0-4006-11ee-88ad-b96166315ea8&pt=campaign&t=1692615812&s=3b8bbb57f8dacfec4528bd6a798255afefff451b19e48979c450b3165c97ae98]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-21

TLDR MARKETING READER SURVEY (TLDR SURVEY)
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/L4zQQfPf#nonce=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f]


What do you think of the TLDR Marketing newsletter so far? Please fill
out this quick 3-question survey so we can improve! üôè 

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

YOUTUBE IS STILL TRACKING KIDS THROUGH ITS ADS, STUDY SAYS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cordcuttersnews.com/youtube-is-still-tracking-kids-through-its-ads-study-says/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


YouTube is still reportedly tracking children through ads served to
videos marked as "made for kids". Ads from major brands are being
attached to children's content, allowing data brokers and ad tech
companies to potentially track them. This is the second time YouTube
has been caught violating the Children‚Äôs Online Privacy Protection
Act (COPPA). 

X WON‚ÄôT BE ABLE TO REMOVE ITS BLOCK FUNCTIONALITY, DESPITE ELON‚ÄôS
STATEMENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-wont-be-able-to-remove-its-block-functionality-despite-elons-statement/691321/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Elon Musk tweeted that the block feature on X will be deleted. It
likely won‚Äôt be possible due to Apple and Google Play Store‚Äôs
guidelines, which require such a feature for apps to be available in
the stores. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

UBER CASH: THE SECRET TO UBER‚ÄôS GROWTH AND LOYALTY GAME (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://productify.substack.com/p/uber-cash-the-secret-to-ubers-growth?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Loyalty programs have evolved from being just a retention strategy to
also being a means of growth. Uber Cash, which differs from a
traditional points system, is a notable success story. This post
outlines why the program works and discusses Cash Drops for
acquisition, habit building with challenges, upselling, and more. 

WHAT LANDING PAGE SHOULD YOU SEND PAID TRAFFIC TO? (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jonathan-r-bland_demandgeneration-b2bmarketing-saas-activity-7098286775344721921-gjSO?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Marketers often overlook the landing page they‚Äôre using for ads, but
this is a critical element for good conversion rates. This author
outlines 7 types of ads, including the types of landing pages and
proper CTAs to use. 

THE SEO STRATEGY FOR AI SEARCH ENGINES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/eli-schwartz-seo-strategy-for-an-ai-world?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This author shares 5 strategies including focusing on the mid-funnel,
prioritizing revenue reporting from SEO, writing content that aligns
with buyer personas, and more. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

MOBBIN: A UI INSPIRATION TOOL WITH A HUGE LIBRARY OF REAL-WORLD FLOWS
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7098310079845695488/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This tool provides screenshots and full flows from real apps and
websites to simplify UX/UI competitor research. For example, it can
display all 16 screens in Airbnb‚Äôs customer onboarding flow. Content
can be filtered by UI elements, app category, and more. 

THE COMPREHENSIVE AUTO-GPT GUIDE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://neilpatel.com/blog/autogpt/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

Auto-GPT is a chatbot built on GPT-4 that can be used for various
natural language processing tasks. It works as a personal assistant
and can help marketers generate ideas, develop drafts or summaries,
and suggest writing improvements. This guide provides step-by-step
instructions on how to use it. 

META SHARES KEY BEST PRACTICES FOR FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM AD CAMPAIGNS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-shares-key-best-practices-for-facebook-and-instagram-ad-campaigns-inf/691320/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Meta is using AI to improve its automated ad system. It has recently
announced major improvements in Advantage+ performance. Meta claims
its system has been successful for many customers and released an
infographic with best practices to help advertisers optimize ad
performance on the platform. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHEN TO INVEST IN MARKETING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.briefmix.com/startup/setting-objectives-kpis?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Startups should only invest in marketing when they have some form of
product market fit. This article shares how to avoid spending millions
of ad dollars by setting sequential marketing objectives. 

THREE MARKETING LESSONS FROM THE POLITICAL REALM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://kellblog.com/2023/08/20/three-marketing-lessons-from-the-political-realm/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This article covers marketing takeaways from how politicians execute
their campaigns. The main lessons include demonstrating an
understanding of a problem, focusing on the correct framing, and
staying consistent across all forms of communication. 

7 THINGS YOU NEED TO DO AHEAD OF YOUR BLACK FRIDAY FACEBOOK ADS
ACCORDING TO META (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalmarketer.com/blog/black-friday-facebook-ads/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


7 tips from Meta engineers to help with Facebook and Instagram holiday
ad campaign planning. They include separating cold and warm audiences,
not over-editing ads post-launch, and leveraging Advantage+
placements. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PRODUCT PLACEMENTS CAN DRIVE SEARCHES AND PURCHASES, RESEARCH FINDS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/17/product-placements-can-drive-searches-and-purchases-research-finds/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


60% of US consumers that search for something they see on a show or
movie end up making a purchase. 

PETCO EXPANDS DOORDASH PARTNERSHIP, ENHANCES APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/petco-doordash-klarna/691257/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Petco now offers more than 10,000 products on DoorDash and Klarna
‚Äúpay in 4‚Äù as a mobile app payment option. 

5 LEGENDARY COMPANIES. 1 COMMON MARKETING TRAIT (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/worth_parker/status/1693242132075573726/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


5 tips to master great storytelling, with examples from Budweiser,
Apple, Coca-Cola, Dove, and Old Spice. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=2e9135c0-4006-11ee-88ad-b96166315ea8&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692615618&t=1692615812&s=a19e3b5f259e4b40caaddc9357fc5cc0f359cd0a981dbfdc4d0e79a2f92cb305].