# Articles TLDR Marketing 02-10-2023

X CEO Linda Yaccarino faced a disastrous interview during Vox Medias
Code 2023 event.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=26927a46-6103-11ee-bfd7-05c9162137ce&pt=campaign&t=1696244619&s=b20c27c7fe80cc2e780933f45d5f5774792c48f90f48819e37ae30f90c482b89]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-02

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT X CEO LINDA YACCARINO‚ÄôS DISASTROUS
INTERVIEW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/twitter-x-ceo-linda-yaccarino-tech-conference-interview?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X CEO Linda Yaccarino faced a disastrous interview during Vox Media's
Code 2023 event. The interview garnered attention for several reasons:
X had lost millions of daily active users since Elon Musk's
acquisition, Yaccarino was observed not having the X app on her
smartphone's home screen, and there were discrepancies between her
claims of advertisers returning to the platform and Musk's statements
about declining ad revenue. 

HOW MARKETERS BALANCE INNOVATION AND PRIVACY WITH AI-POWERED
TECHNOLOGY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.org/the-ethics-of-ai-powered-marketing-technology/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The rise of AI in marketing technology brings ethical questions to the
forefront. This article sheds light on how marketers are considering
ethical principles when handling data. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO GENERATE BUZZ AT BIG EVENTS WITHOUT OFFICIAL SPONSORSHIP (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/marketingideas/p/hack-a-big-event-without-official?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article contains 28 ‚Äòattendee journey‚Äô hacks and 2 real
examples from Zendesk and Brex on how to generate buzz around your
brand at big events. Zendesk created branded experiences instead of
directly sponsoring events. It flew an army of drones to form a QR
code near a show venue. Brex partnered with a strategic hotel to make
its room keys look like Brex cards. 

MARKETING STRATEGIES TO MAXIMIZE BLACK FRIDAY/CYBER MONDAY RESULTS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/228-hte-top-9-high-yield-retail-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide breaks down strategies to use for marketing around Black
Friday and Cyber Monday. These include offering hourly deals, curating
gift ideas, offering a free gift with purchase, extending sales, and
making gift cards printable. Additionally, marketers should ensure the
website and checkout are conversion-optimized to avoid lost sales. 

UCSD LECTURE ON INFLUENCER MARKETING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/caseyhill_influencer-marketing-lecture-ucsd-activity-7113311023477964801-vyor?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A marketing professor at UCSD shares a lecture on influencer marketing
via a LinkedIn carousel. It‚Äôs a step-by-step guide on how to
approach influencers and build long-term relationships that drive
growth. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

YOUTUBE LAUNCHES NEW SUBSCRIBER ANALYTICS TO ASSIST IN CONTENT
PLANNING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/youtube-launches-new-subscriber-analytics-to-assist-in-content-planning/695265/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube has announced new analytics features that can help with video
content planning. These include greater insight into subscribers, such
as new subscriptions by video and cancellation reasons. Additionally,
view counts can now be broken down into new vs. returning viewers,
which helps you understand what acquires users best. 

20 BOOKS EVERY CREATOR SHOULD READ (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jenniferphn_20-books-every-creator-should-read-activity-7113500181051895808-dBCA?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Whether you‚Äôre a new creator or seasoned veteran, this is a list of
books that teach you how to build systems, create content, and make
money online. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW MUCH YOUR MARKETING BUDGET SHOULD BE TO GROW REVENUE AGGRESSIVELY
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.square2marketing.com/blog/how-much-should-our-marketing-budget-be-if-we-want-to-grow-revenue-aggressively?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide walks through the appropriate marketing budget to meet your
brand‚Äôs revenue goals. The process starts with setting a clear
revenue or growth goal and calculating customer acquisition cost,
customer lifetime value, and funnel step conversion. With this data,
you can work backwards from your goal to identify how much marketing
spend is needed. 

THE 5 BRASS BULLETS OF SUBSCRIPTION GROWTH (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.subscriptionindex.com/blog/the-5-brass-bullets-of-subscription-growth?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

There are no ‚Äòsilver bullets‚Äô for a subscription business, but one
can grow by getting 5 core things right: paywall and pricing, initial
purchase journey, ratio of short to long-term plans, payment
processing, and churn appeasements. B2B subscription businesses are
able to grow more quickly than B2C but might feel more pain when a
single account churns. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

19 COMMON MISTAKES TO AVOID IN YOUR MARKETING STRATEGY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-herubel-540b3949_19-mistakes-to-avoid-ugcPost-7113794687555002369-y3Oq?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Mistakes include reporting too many metrics to executives, promoting
features instead of benefits, and using hard CTAs on top of the
funnel. 

THUMBNAILS THAT INCREASE VIEWS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nealsnewsletter.com/p/thumbnails-that-increase-views?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

12 ways you can create attention-grabbing thumbnails include using big
numbers in the description, doing a before/after, and asking a
question. 

MOST UNPOPULAR PRODUCT MARKETING OPINION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/richardking001_productmarketing-activity-7113492712716148738-_QBI?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

An enlightening LinkedIn thread of the pain points of being a product
marketer. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=26927a46-6103-11ee-bfd7-05c9162137ce&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696244419&t=1696244619&s=ae1e33cac97839bc39146917e8e7ef776700997bf88e001bb0aa943f07f4de7c].