# Articles TLDR Marketing 08-09-2023

Google has confirmed as of September 7 that the second Core update
this year has completed rolling out¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=62e86eac-4e06-11ee-9558-eb55836f431e&pt=campaign&t=1694171019&s=09a4c38f6dc82b243c33adef6e2293081c7aeb5c77e64ad35862f979e90a9dd0]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-08

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE AUGUST 2023 CORE UPDATE ROLLOUT IS NOW COMPLETE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-august-2023-core-update-rollout-is-now-complete-431593?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google has confirmed as of September 7 that the second Core update
this year has completed rolling out. Website owners should review
ranking changes and make improvements if pages experience significant
declines. 

YOUTUBE PILOTS LONGER, LESS FREQUENT ADS ON TV APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/07/youtube-is-testing-longer-but-fewer-ads-on-tv/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube is planning to run extended ads in the middle of videos
instead of short ads throughout to improve the experience and increase
the engagement of non-premium users. The change will help advertisers
to connect with their audiences, but the trade-off would be a reduced
reach due to fewer ads. 

SNAPCHAT ADDS NEW TEEN SAFETY FEATURES, CRACKS DOWN ON
AGE-INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnn.com/2023/09/07/tech/snapchat-teen-safety-features/index.html/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Following the steps of Facebook and Instagram, Snapchat is adding a
series of safeguards, including restricting strangers from contacting
teens and removing accounts marketing inappropriate content. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO MAKE YOUR ONLINE REVIEWS WORK FOR YOUR E-COMMERCE BUSINESS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/221-hte-how-to-make-your-online-reviews?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Businesses with more reviews gain more trust from potential customers.
This guide breaks down how to get the most value from reviews, with
tips including how to deal with negative reviews, encourage new
reviews, and use alternative platforms. 

SUBWAY IS MAKING A BIG CHANGE TO ITS LOYALTY PROGRAM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.restaurantbusinessonline.com/marketing/subway-making-big-change-its-loyalty-program?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Restaurant chains have been revamping their loyalty programs to look
more like programs seen at hotels and airlines. Subway MyWay Rewards
is being replaced with MVP Rewards. The change aims to reduce friction
during onboarding and promises ‚Äúexclusive‚Äù benefits to certain
customers. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GROWTH STRATEGY PLAYBOOK (NOTION TEMPLATE)
[https://growclass.notion.site/growclass/Growth-Strategy-Playbook-a510ad54084e48a9835732b0317134a1/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A walkthrough on building an effective growth strategy that leads to a
customer base of raving fans. It provides examples of strategies in
some of the world‚Äôs top companies and a breakdown of steps involved
in developing a good strategy. 

HOW TO REPORT ON PURCHASE CONVERSION RATE IN GA4 (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/analyticsnerd_ga4-activity-7105112176821948416-CYC-?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google Analytics 4 reporting doesn‚Äôt provide the percentage of
sessions resulting in a purchase by default, but it‚Äôs a metric you
can easily configure. Add the filter configuration 'Event name matches
regex session_start|purchase' to filter non-purchase events from the
Session Conversion Rate metric. This filtering technique can also be
used to track other events‚Äô conversion rates. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WORLD SURFING LEAGUE PROMOTES FINALS WITH CANDY CRUSH TOURNAMENT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/candy-crush-soda-surf-game-world-surfing-league-tiktok/692905/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Candy Crush Soda Saga is running a limited-time in-game tournament to
promote the Rip Curl World Surf League Finals. The League is the
latest to use the mobile game franchise to tap into popular culture.
The campaign includes social media content from creators, giveaways,
in-person activations, and more. 

WHY FACEBOOK, GOOGLE, AND AMAZON ARE EMBRACING MEDIA MIX MODELING (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.adexchanger.com/measurement/why-facebook-google-and-amazon-are-embracing-media-mix-modeling/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

With recent privacy restrictions hampering measurement, major ad
platforms are investing in Media Mix Modeling (MMMs) to demonstrate
the effectiveness of ad campaigns to advertisers. However, there are
concerns about how accurate and unbiased these models are, considering
the conflict of interest with platforms trying to claim they perform
better. 

MUSK CALLING SHOTS ON X CONTENT EXPLAINS ADVERTISER EXODUS, FORMER
EXEC SAYS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/?p=1966250?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

According to its former head of brand safety, X's moderation policies
are the reason advertisers are flocking away from the platform.
Offensive content is limited, but not fully removed, following orders
from Elon Musk. This approach created concerns about ads being shown
close to unsuitable content. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ARE B2B AND B2C ADS THE SAME? (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jordan-chappell-marketing_b2b-and-b2c-ads-are-the-same-change-my-activity-7105437032302194689-BqBz?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

While the buying process differs, both types of ads ultimately target
people experiencing pain points. 

TIKTOK ANNOUNCES NEW PARTNERSHIP TO FACILITATE MULTI-TOUCH ATTRIBUTION
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktok-announces-new-partnership-to-facilitate-multi-touch-attribution/693080/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok is partnering with TransUnion to enable its ‚ÄúTruAudience‚Äù
framework, which uses privacy-first data collection processes to
provide omnichannel insight. 

WYNTER ON WYNTER: HOW A SURVEY PIVOTED OUR 2023 CONTENT (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://wynter.com/post/wynter-on-wynter-how-a-survey-pivoted-our-2023-content/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A case study on how Wynter, a B2B message testing platform, uses
intelligence surveys and preference tests to create the exact content
their customers want. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=62e86eac-4e06-11ee-9558-eb55836f431e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694170817&t=1694171019&s=8429387b8104121dbd3c3661390e78697971e5cdc37db06a6c0037c0cdeb9c05].