# Articles TLDR Marketing 09-10-2023

X has started serving users with a new ad format that can‚Äôt be
reported or blocked.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=3d860a82-667c-11ee-93da-5d948c689c10&pt=campaign&t=1696849568&s=8ddcd061279beb811f7661fb22d087d2e552180196b2e5b0a990faaaf8a95401]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-09

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X ROLLS OUT NEW AD FORMAT THAT CAN‚ÄôT BE REPORTED OR BLOCKED (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/twitter-x-new-clickbait-ad-format?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X has started serving users with a new ad format that can‚Äôt be
reported or blocked. These ads lack any disclosure of the advertiser's
identity and do not indicate that they are advertisements. It‚Äôs
raising concerns about transparency and the platform's struggle to
attract advertisers. 

GOOGLE AND YAHOO TO REQUIRE EMAIL SENDER AUTHENTICATION (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/new-gmail-and-yahoo-policies-impact-ecommerce?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Starting in early 2024, Gmail, Yahoo, and AOL email clients will
automatically mark messages from non-compliant senders as spam. This
means email senders must implement by 2024 the Sender Policy Framework
or DomainKeys Identified Mail and Domain-based Message Authentication,
Reporting, and Conformance records. The policy applies to both
transactional and marketing emails. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

6 COPYWRITING FORMULAS FOR WRITING EFFECTIVE ADS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chasedimond_marketers-heres-a-table-with-6-copywriting-activity-7116835933668179968-qpi9?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This chart provides 6 formulas and examples for writing ad copy.
Examples include the SLAP formula (Stop, Look, Act, Purchase), the 4Cs
framework (Clear, Concise, Compelling, Credible), and the FAB way
(Features, Advantages, Benefits). 

7 INFLUENCER MARKETING CAMPAIGN TIPS FROM A DISNEY MARKETING ALUM (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/influencer-marketing/influencer-marketing-campaign-tips/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

82% of consumers trust the opinions they see on social media channels,
making influencer marketing vital to your entire marketing plan.
Campaign tips include evaluating your company‚Äôs influencer marketing
tools, working with nano/micro-influencers over
macro/mega-influencers, using your existing fans as brand advocates,
and never making your sponsored content seem organic. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

CRO TOOL STACK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/richpagecro_cro-activity-7115653199826403328-HcvB?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post contains a list of 16 CRO tools, including UsabilityHub for
preference testing, Convert.com for A/B testing, and Microsoft Clarity
for visual analysis. 

UNIVERSAL ANALYTICS TO GOOGLE ANALYTICS 4 DIMENSIONS AND METRICS
EQUIVALENCE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/migration/api/reporting-ua-to-ga4-dims-mets/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This mapping shows how to get the same data from the GA API as you
transition from Universal Analytics to Google Analytics 4. Note that
several metrics and dimensions in UA are named differently in GA4. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO Q4 SUCCESS ON AMAZON (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/231-hte-the-ultimate-guide-to-q4?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide discusses strategies for success on Amazon, emphasizing the
"3 R's" approach: Rank, Reviews, and Relevance. It highlights the
importance of optimizing product listings, accumulating positive
reviews, and ensuring relevance to keywords and categories.
Additionally, it provides insights into promotion strategies, main
sales day strategies, advertising and creative strategies, and
inventory management. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE ANSWERS THE INDUSTRY‚ÄôS BURNING QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PRIVACY
SANDBOX (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.adexchanger.com/platforms/google-answers-the-industrys-burning-questions-about-the-privacy-sandbox/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google's Privacy Sandbox APIs, aimed at replacing third-party cookies
in Chrome, were made generally available in early September, prompting
questions about their functionality. In this article, the product
manager for the Privacy Sandbox addresses queries regarding the
timeline for cookie deprecation, the Protected Audiences API, bidding
on Protected Audiences through Prebid, frequency capping, measurement
and attribution API, and the use of Google's Ads Data Hub. 

10 TAKEAWAYS FROM WORDSTREAM‚ÄôS STATE OF THE DIGITAL MARKETING AGENCY
2023 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/10/05/state-of-the-digital-marketing-agency-2023/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This report by Wordstream gives a peek into how over 300 digital
agencies operate, use their resources, and service clients. It can
illuminate some areas to focus on improving or streamlining during
your 2024 planning. Takeaways include the varied tech stack agencies
are using, landing page creation being the top creative service sought
for, and PPC management being the most time-consuming part of an
agency‚Äôs work. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW DEATH WISH COFFEE GREW THEIR BUSINESS 100X (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/the_alex_d_/status/1709938732516978820?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

After many failed attempts at various marketing tactics, the founder
of Death Wish Coffee had his coffee featured on Good Morning America
and won a free Super Bowl ad, which skyrocketed the business. 

THE SECRETS BEHIND REVOLUT‚ÄôS $33B VALUATION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/maximpoulsen_2-growth-loops-behind-revoluts-33b-valuation-ugcPost-7114941500387377152-KYfJ?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Revolut‚Äôs success can be attributed to 2 growth loops that helped it
expand its user base by 250X in 6 years. The company made its product
viral through referral programs. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=3d860a82-667c-11ee-93da-5d948c689c10&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696849258&t=1696849568&s=61409623ce98e26a1deb37f3bb8686b7b2eaaf7bbfdc20cb10fbc629f9efd140].