# Articles TLDR Marketing 11-10-2023

Meta has unveiled new ad options for Facebook Reels in preparation for
the holiday season.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=13ef5edc-6805-11ee-986a-b5d30a249ed3&pt=campaign&t=1697022447&s=0f445ba923e552af8784596ca6b75f7fe44ae00277d742c62e7b814c8434045b]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-11

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

META ANNOUNCES NEW AD OPTIONS FOR FACEBOOK REELS AHEAD OF THE HOLIDAY
PUSH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-announces-new-ad-options-for-facebook-reels-ahead-of-the-holiday-push/696185/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta has unveiled new ad options for Facebook Reels in preparation for
the holiday season. They include the introduction of Collections Ads,
Multi-Destination Reels Carousel Ads, and a "Swipe Left" functionality
for easier product exploration in ads. 

EU FIRES URGENT WARNING AT ELON MUSK‚ÄôS X OVER ILLEGAL CONTENT AND
DISINFORMATION FOLLOWING HAMAS ATTACKS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/10/eu-dsa-warning-elon-musk-x/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The EU issued a public warning to X for failing to address illegal
content and disinformation related to the recent attacks on Israel.
Disinformation is not illegal in the EU. However, the EU‚Äôs Digital
Services Act puts an obligation on X to mitigate risks attached to
harmful falsehoods and to act diligently on reports of illegal
content. 

ADOBE IS UPGRADING PHOTOSHOP‚ÄôS GENERATIVE AI MODEL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/10/23911114/adobe-max-firefly-generative-ai-model-photoshop-illustrator-express?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Adobe has introduced 3 new generative AI models called Firefly Image
2, Firefly Vector, and Firefly Design. These models enhance
Photoshop's text-to-image capabilities and provide powerful features
for Illustrator and Adobe Express. They will enable users to easily
create high-quality images, editable vector graphics, and customizable
design templates. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO CREATE A SUCCESSFUL CUSTOMER LOYALTY PROGRAM (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/power-of-loyalty-programs-essential?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Companies with effective loyalty programs grow their revenue 2.5X
faster than their competitors. To succeed, a loyalty program must
align with your business model and customer preferences. There are
various types of programs, including points-based, tier-based,
mission-driven, and more. This article contains examples of successful
loyalty programs and tips for setting up your own. 

5 BEHAVIORAL STRATEGIES TO MAKE YOUR CONTENT MORE ENGAGING (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/behavioral-strategies-engaging-content-433024?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Customer-first content is increasingly important for SEO, yet it
isn‚Äôt common. Brands should make every word in their content
intentional, allow users to see themselves in the story they‚Äôre
telling, and design content according to the relevant thinking style
of their audience. An example of a way to do this is to add a button
toggle so users can choose between more or less technical content,
addressing both technical and C-suite audiences. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

60+ FREE DIGITAL MARKETING CERTIFICATIONS & COURSES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/scottcowley_2023-free-digital-marketing-certifications-activity-7117219755685515264-hXAx?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A curation of over 60 reputable digital marketing courses and
certifications by a marketing professor. It‚Äôs organized by
certification or course topic and focus level. Download the PDF in
order to access the hyperlinks. 

9 FREE WEBSITES FOR LEARNING NEW SKILLS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/mattgray1_9-free-websites-for-learning-new-skills-activity-7117126026840690688-26DG?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post contains 9 websites that share product psychology, the
footsteps of investing gurus, collections of interesting marketing
campaigns, and more. Examples include stockcircle.com, typeshare.co,
and marketingexamples.com. 

MAIL-TESTER (WEBSITE)
[https://www.mail-tester.com/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Mail-Tester is a free tool that analyzes your emails for spamminess
based on the message, mail server, and sending IP. You send an email
to its randomized email addresses and it generates a report
immediately. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHEN TO SHOW OFF THAT YOU‚ÄôRE A NEW BRAND (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/when-new-brands-are-better?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Brand messaging plays a big role in altering people‚Äôs perceptions
regarding innovation and heritage. Based on a series of experiments,
people prefer younger brands when shopping for products where
innovation is important (e.g. vacuum cleaner robot) and they tend to
prefer older brands when reliability is more important (e.g. car
insurance). 

HOW TO MOVE FROM PRODUCT MANAGEMENT TO PRODUCT MARKETING (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://aatir.substack.com/p/how-to-move-from-product-management?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article explores the journey from Product Management to Product
Marketing. It delves into the authors' personal experiences, the role
of a PMM, skills required, transition tools used, and building a
transition resume. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO COLLABORATE EFFECTIVELY WITH OTHER TEAMS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.kevin-indig.com/how-to-collaborate-effectively-with-other-teams/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Growth projects are always a multi-team effort, so effective
collaboration is necessary for efficient business growth.
Collaborating teams need to align on 3 key pillars, including project
parameters, ways of working, and communication. 

5 HOOK IDEAS TO TEST ON META ADS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7115246572161933312/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Thumb-stopping ad formats to try on Meta ad creatives‚Äîzoom out
transitions, eye contacts, bold statements, green screens, and
reversed shots. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=13ef5edc-6805-11ee-986a-b5d30a249ed3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697022019&t=1697022447&s=6da9380bdae826419bda2c57dedbab6532c282f38902213033d6cbd3d7d9d420].