# Articles TLDR Marketing 07-09-2023

Influencer marketing spending will rise roughly 3.5 times faster in
2023 than social ad spending will¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=51d39026-4d5a-11ee-82a1-4708e176411c&pt=campaign&t=1694084628&s=6ab2d082c26fcd9638e8d10fe032636a629166bb1a38289b74a834287cb7cc8e]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-07

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

INVESTMENT IN INFLUENCER MARKETING IS RISING FASTER THAN TRADITIONAL
ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/new-report-finds-that-investment-in-influencer-marketing-is-rising-faster-t/692931/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Influencer marketing spending will rise roughly 3.5 times faster in
2023 than social ad spending will. Many influencers also now drive far
more interest from younger generations than traditional entertainment
stars. 

YOUTUBE IS REDESIGNING THE STREAMING EXPERIENCE FOR VIEWERS AND
ADVERTISERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/products/ads-commerce/youtube-is-redesigning-the-streaming-experience-for-viewers-and-advertisers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube will test grouping ads together on its streaming platform to
provide fewer but longer ad breaks to its users. The platform will
also test showing a countdown of the ad time remaining, rather than
the number of ads remaining. These changes follow the addition of new
CTV ad formats, such as shoppable ads. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

CEMENT YOUR ORGANIC POSITIONS FOR BLACK FRIDAY NOW (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/carlhendy_seo-google-blackfriday-activity-7105078765713555456-iFYe?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Black Friday is about 2.5 months away, which is not a long time in
SEO, making it critical to prepare your site to rank for important
Black Friday queries now. This post discusses tactics to secure your
organic traffic early, for example, locating and redirecting old sale
pages, optimizing internal links, and identifying trending queries for
this year. 

BUILDING A DIGITAL PR STRATEGY: 10 ESSENTIAL STEPS (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://buzzsumo.com/blog/digital-pr-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Digital PR refers to the process of boosting brand awareness and SEO
by pitching journalists and earning media coverage. The key steps
include identifying campaign goals, coming up with a topic that the
press would actually care about, and building and pitching the
campaign. 

16 TIPS TO IMPROVE YOUR PRICING PAGE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.quicksprout.com/pricing-page/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

How consumers perceive a brand is directly impacted by the appearance
of your landing page. 73% of customers say they are willing to pay
more for products and services that offer transparency. This guide
contains 16 ways to improve transparency on pricing pages to drive
conversions. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

I TRIED 4 AI CONTENT TOOLS FOR SEO (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/briangormanh_a-review-of-4-ai-content-writers-activity-7104826352117108736-dscY?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post describes the author‚Äôs experience trying Koala Writer,
Article Fiesta, Byword, and ChatGPT for SEO content. It discusses the
pros and cons of each tool, as well as the cost. For example, Byword
can create social posts from articles but has a pricing floor, while
Article Fiesta is inexpensive but tends to create lower-quality
content. 

WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS BEST SUITED FOR INFOGRAPHICS? (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://literalhumans.com/what-type-of-information-is-best-suited-for-infographics/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Infographics are designed to provide audiences with information in
seconds. This guide covers 10 different types of infographics, which
ones are best suited to what data, and 3 beginner tools to get
started. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW TO RETHINK YOUR CUSTOMER SEGMENTATION EFFORTS TO BE MORE
PROFITABLE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ecommercefuel.com/how-to-rethink-your-customer-segmentation-efforts-to-be-more-profitable/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The advantages of segmentation include personalization and marketing
spend optimization. Once you identify your highest-value customer
segments, you can focus on retaining them and finding more like them.
This guide outlines segmentation vs. buyer personas, methods for
segmentation, and ways to use these insights. 

WHAT IS THE FEDIVERSE ‚Äî AND HOW MIGHT IT AFFECT CREATORS? (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/what-is-the-fediverse?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The 'federated universe' is a decentralized social media network that
allows users to interact with each other across different platforms,
empowering creators with cross-platform followers and content. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

7 IRRESISTIBLE EMAIL SUBJECT LINES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cmswire.com/digital-marketing/7-irresistible-email-subject-lines/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article highlights 7 key ingredients that make email subject
lines compelling via examples from Spotify, Sephora, GameStop, and
more. 

L‚ÄôOREAL‚ÄôS LATEST CGI AD (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7104750006787526657/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

To announce its newest lip product, L‚ÄôOreal paints the town red via
faux OOH to drum up buzz. 

HOW TO USE STATISTICS, DATA, AND NUMBERS AS SOCIAL PROOF (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7104448259347165184/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post includes 27 examples of how brands like Grammarly,
WordPress, and Shopify use data as social proof on their pricing
pages, newsletter pop-ups, and more. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=51d39026-4d5a-11ee-82a1-4708e176411c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694084421&t=1694084628&s=d65545118000b3f71c97e84a7b18cade07c655970c1c044c786eea90f6dcbf22].