# Articles TLDR Marketing 04-10-2023

Research shows that when people hold a product, they are up to 48%
more likely to choose it or a product of the same shape and size¬†

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e346ceb0-628b-11ee-913e-791e4e7340bc&pt=campaign&t=1696417442&s=62d2316900848d78dcb1c112138d5f7bf28008a64b3799b19fa1ff40efc20e4d]


		TLDR

		TOGETHER WITH [Brave]
[https://brave.com/brave-ads/?mtm_source=tldr-marketing&mtm_medium=newsletter&mtm_campaign=q4b2b&mtm_content=evergreen]

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-04

THE BEST AD PLATFORM YOU‚ÄôRE PROBABLY NOT USING (SPONSOR)
[https://brave.com/brave-ads/?mtm_source=tldr-marketing&mtm_medium=newsletter&mtm_campaign=q4b2b&mtm_content=evergreen]

If you‚Äôre trying to reach developers or other privacy-conscious
audiences, you know how ineffective the ‚Äòdefault‚Äô channels can be.
Your buyers block Google ads. They‚Äôre not on Facebook.

But you can reach them with the Brave browser‚Äôs privacy-first,
opt-in ad platform
[https://brave.com/brave-ads/?mtm_source=tldr-marketing&mtm_medium=newsletter&mtm_campaign=q4b2b&mtm_content=evergreen].
That‚Äôs 60M+ million monthly and 22M+ daily users. And ~70% of them
say that tech is their top interest.

Looking for proof points? Right here üëá

	* 40% average¬†ad¬†recall
	* 6% average CTR
[https://brave.com/brave-ads/?mtm_source=tldr-marketing&mtm_medium=newsletter&mtm_campaign=q4b2b&mtm_content=evergreen]
(more than Google and Facebook combined!)
	* Ford, PayPal, Toyota, Crocs, and BMW all run campaigns on¬†Brave

It‚Äôs the new secret weapon in your paid ads arsenal. Advertise with
Brave
[https://brave.com/brave-ads/?mtm_source=tldr-marketing&mtm_medium=newsletter&mtm_campaign=q4b2b&mtm_content=evergreen]

üì±

NEWS & TRENDS

AD-FREE FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM ACCESS PLANNED FOR $14 PER MONTH IN EUROPE
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/ad-free-facebook-instagram-access-planned-for-14-per-month-in-europe/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta is planning to offer ad-free access to its platforms in Europe
for a monthly subscription fee of $14 for the Instagram app and $17
for both Facebook and Instagram on desktop. Users can still use the
platforms for free but would need to consent to targeted advertising.
This move follows discussions with EU regulators aiming to address
concerns about the use of personal data for targeted ads.

GMAIL TO ENFORCE HARSHER RULES IN 2024 TO KEEP SPAM FROM USERS‚Äô
INBOXES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/03/gmail-to-enforce-harsher-rules-in-2024-to-keep-spam-from-users-inboxes/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google is implementing stricter rules for bulk senders of emails in an
effort to reduce spam and unwanted messages. Starting in 2024, bulk
senders, defined as those sending over 5,000 emails to Gmail addresses
in a day, will need to authenticate their emails, offer an easy
unsubscribe option, and stay below a reported spam threshold.

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW COGNISM INCREASED ENGAGEMENT ON LINKEDIN ADS BY 200% (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/how-cognism-increased-engagement/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Cognism found that its leads pipeline included more job titles than
what was in its LinkedIn ads pipeline. This meant its targeting was
too narrow and didn‚Äôt fully cover its ICP. Therefore, it switched
from targeting by job titles to targeting by job functions and
seniority and saw a 200% lift in engagement rate.

A CHECKLIST FOR THE ABOUT US PAGE THAT CONVERTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/content-marketing/create-the-perfect-about-us-page/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Users that visit an About Us page spend 22% more time on a site and
are 5X more likely to make a purchase. The page should include a
strong headline, a compelling value proposition, a unique company
story, social proof, and easy-to-follow CTAs. This information should
be communicated concisely so that it gets the points across without
overwhelming the user.

ENCOURAGE CUSTOMERS TO HOLD YOUR PRODUCT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/encourage-people-to-hold-your-product?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Research shows that when people hold a product, they are up to 48%
more likely to choose it or a product of the same shape and size.
Brands like Apple are known for allowing customers to touch, hold, and
interact with their products. These principles can be applied to
online sales by showing a hand touching the product, a graspable
product in the product‚Äôs field of vision, or providing vivid
descriptions of how the product would feel when touched.

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GOOGLE SEARCH STATUS DASHBOARD (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/briangormanh_google-search-status-dashboard-activity-7114587323098439680-GUmA?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This dashboard provides a history of official algorithm updates as
well as current incidents related to crawling, indexing, and serving.
If you notice issues with or changes to your SEO performance, this
dashboard might provide insight into why. It also provides an RSS feed
URL to help keep track of updates more easily.

TOOLS USED FOR 1 SEO BLOG POST (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jessemcfarland_seo-diyseo-blogging-activity-7113156820176666624-LalG?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares 10 tools the author used to write a single blog post.
There are also several other tool suggestions mentioned in the comment
thread worth noting down.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

5 KEYS TO PERSUASION MARKETING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://brandingstrategyinsider.com/5-keys-to-persuasion-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This author‚Äôs think piece is a self-reflection of lessons he picked
up on persuasion marketing in his career. He provides anecdotes and
examples from past brands he worked with to highlight 5 concepts:
overcoming consumer indifference, storytelling trumping data, and the
power of social comparisons, convenience, and effective messaging.

5 WAYS TO MONETIZE DURING THE HOLIDAY SELLING SEASON (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uschamber.com/co/good-company/launch-pad/holiday-season-sales-trends-for-marketers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

As inflation abates, consumers are reportedly still going to spend
cautiously this holiday season. This article highlights the importance
of emphasizing pricing and value propositions in ads and campaigns,
personalizing offers via loyalty programs, and offering sustainable
product fulfillment options.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

THE IMPLICATIONS OF GOOGLE USING CLICK DATA IN RANKING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.kevin-indig.com/the-implications-of-google-using-click-data-in-ranking/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Leaked documents in Google's antitrust lawsuit confirm that Google
uses click data in its ranking algorithm, despite previous denials.
This revelation reinforces the importance of design, user experience,
and meaningful engagement in SEO efforts.

OCTOBER 2023‚ÄôS KEY EMAIL SUBJECT LINE WORDS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/schwedelson_emailmarketing-activity-7114954099917234176-oFDZ?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A fun graphic of the top email subject line words that increased open
rates when used.

ADVANCED B2B CHURN RATE BENCHMARKS FOR NERDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.systm.co/post/advanced-b2b-churn-rate-benchmarks-for-nerds?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A quick anecdote on PayPal, where revenue retention may be more
important than customer numbers. This is true if you have value
concentration in your customer base (e.g. making 80% of revenue from
20% of customers).

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].

If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e346ceb0-628b-11ee-913e-791e4e7340bc&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696417228&t=1696417442&s=942b7a91b977ae65bd5c16a08d372fd317616388bc0c90af47628c6a18181fc4].