# Articles TLDR Marketing 25-09-2023

A high checkout rate indicates an efficient and user-friendly
purchasing experience¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d23ea576-5b82-11ee-8218-c717f6ae1b2e&pt=campaign&t=1695639827&s=abb96c8d86e1b8822f9df3521fb5aca34aa3e72a48320f51c01e21db477b05d6]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-25

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

TIKTOK IS EXPLORING A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOOGLE TO DRIVE SEARCH TRAFFIC
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktoks-exploring-new-partnership-google-help-drive-more-search/694442/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok and Google are reportedly exploring a partnership to integrate
Google search prompts and potentially search results into TikTok's
search stream. The move makes sense for both platforms, as Google
seeks to maintain relevance with younger audiences who increasingly
turn to TikTok for discovery. It also provides TikTok with more
traffic to the app. 

AMAZON ADDING ADS TO PRIME VIDEO IN 2024 UNLESS YOU PAY $2.99 EXTRA (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/amazon-jacks-up-price-of-ad-free-prime-video-by-2-99-starting-in-2024/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Amazon Prime Video will introduce ads for users in the US, Canada,
Germany, and the UK starting in early 2024. In turn, they will charge
an additional $2.99 per month for an ad-free experience. Amazon states
this change is aimed at investing in content, acknowledging the
expensive nature of Prime Video. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

7 TIPS TO INCREASE CHECKOUT RATE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/226-hte-speed-up-checkout-rates-for?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A high checkout rate indicates an efficient and user-friendly
purchasing experience, which leads to more conversions and repeat
customers. Brands can improve completion rates by simplifying forms
and using inline validation, not forcing account creation, making
pricing transparent from the start, allowing various payment methods,
and showing clear and hassle-free return/refund policies. 

HOW MIRO GROWS: TACTICAL LESSONS FROM THE $17.5B WHITEBOARD (30 MINUTE
READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/aakashgupta/p/how-miro-grows-tactical-lessons-from?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article delves into Miro's origins, its strategies in a
competitive market, and tactics for scaling and community engagement.
Miro‚Äôs growth is explained by 4 steps: following a bottom-up GTM
playbook on persona-led marketing and end user centricity, crushing
the 8 layers of the Product-Led Growth Iceberg, blending PLG with
product-led sales, and leveraging powerful strategies powered by
community. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

THE ULTIMATE LIST OF PRODUCT METRICS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pawel-huryn_the-ultimate-list-of-product-metrics-activity-7111709372241633280-wisP?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This list is based on the AARRR (acquisition, activation, retention,
revenue, referral) framework. It‚Äôs universal and fits every
organization that works on customer-facing tech products. The post
also notes that tracking every metric is impossible and advises to
focus on a few metrics to succeed. 

MOST COMPANIES MEASURE RETENTION INCORRECTLY‚ÄîAVOID THESE 5 COMMON
MISTAKES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/elenaverna_growth-retention-guide-activity-7110676438403440640-l1gd?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Retaining new users is critical to sustainable growth, but many
marketers track it incorrectly. Retention metrics should be a true and
predictive indicator of engagement. 5 common mistakes include defining
the retention activity incorrectly, not measuring habitual frequency,
only measuring paying user retention in freemium models, measuring
retention for users who haven‚Äôt completed activation, and only
measuring retention at the user level for a B2B product. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GOOGLE: THE MAGICAL BLACK BOX (5 MINUTE READ)
[http://www.seobook.com/magical-black-box?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article discusses internal practices and strategies employed by
Google, shedding light on their approach to advertising, auctions, and
competition with Apple. The topics discussed include the recent
antitrust trial, the impact of new privacy regulations, the default
search engine agreement between Google and Apple, and new competitors
entering the market. 

THE 15 BIGGEST ANNOUNCEMENTS FROM GOOGLE & FACEBOOK SO FAR THIS YEAR
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/09/21/google-and-meta-announcements?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google has posted over 30 announcements for Google Ads so far in 2023.
Meta has released multiple changes this year to Facebook and Instagram
ads. Some of the biggest announcements from Google include the launch
of the Ads Transparency Center, deprecating most attribution models,
and adding new brand restrictions for Search and Performance Max. For
Meta, some of the major updates include adding conditional logic in
lead generation forms, the launch of AI ads created just from text
inputs, and the start of Tailored Campaigns on Facebook. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE: LINKS NO LONGER A TOP THREE RANKING SIGNAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seroundtable.com/google-links-no-longer-a-top-three-ranking-factor-36094.html?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Many marketers consider backlinks critically important for SEO, but
Google recently clarified that this is usually not the case. 

BENEFITS AND EXAMPLES OF HOLIDAY EMAIL OPT-OUTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/benefits-of-email-opt-outs?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Allowing customers to opt out of certain holiday promotion emails
reduces unsubscribes and builds trust, leading to better long-term
retention. 

A LOOK AT THE COMPARATIVE MAU AND DAU STATS FOR ALL THE MAJOR SOCIAL
APPS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/a-look-at-the-comparative-mau-and-dau-stats-for-all-the-major-social-apps/694563/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article compares the number of users across major social apps.
Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram lead with 3B, 2.5B, and 2B users
respectively. 

A PREDICTION ON THE FUTURE OF ADVERTISING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/nigelthomas-ai_my-prediction-on-the-future-of-advertising-activity-7110240343043842048-3JEE?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A think-piece post on the 4 step framework to get ahead of
advertising‚Äîcollecting data, and then housing, analyzing, and
implementing it. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d23ea576-5b82-11ee-8218-c717f6ae1b2e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695639618&t=1695639827&s=fb1d8f4e59fe369f282b483af1c51f0d5557970e905b51350a14ff17ca93bf42].