# Articles TLDR Marketing 20-09-2023

Google admitted to increasing its ad prices by up to 10% without
informing advertisers¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=ba6510da-5799-11ee-9388-49785898f49d&pt=campaign&t=1695207832&s=4ba9af009343bed0401753fd901cecf94b529ccf0f7525ad68e80642e0e94dfa]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-20

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE QUIETLY INCREASES AD PRICES TO MEET TARGETS, CLAIMS EXEC (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-quietly-increases-ad-prices-targets-432155?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google admitted to increasing its ad prices by up to 10% without
informing advertisers. The revelation came up in the federal antitrust
trial and raised concerns about the company potentially manipulating
its bidding system for profit. The price tweaking could bolster the
argument that Google holds an illegal monopoly. 

BLUESKY SEES RECORD SIGNUPS DAY AFTER MUSK SAYS X WILL GO PAID-ONLY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/bluesky-record-new-signups-after-musk-says-charge-x-twitter-users-fee?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Bluesky, a decentralized alternative to X, experienced its largest
influx of new users, with over 42,000 signups on a single day. This
surge in registrations followed Elon Musk's announcement that he
planned to charge X users a small monthly payment. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHEN TO USE REAL VS. UNREALISTIC PRODUCT IMAGES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/real-vs-unrealistic-images?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post explains how to use realistic images to make consumers more
conscious of your physical product's main benefits. It argues to use
cartoons or graphics if your product‚Äôs core characteristics might be
a drawback or to draw focus attention elsewhere. 

HOW WISE GREW TO $1B IN REVENUE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/matthewlerner_cross-off-90-of-bad-growth-ideas-with-these-activity-7109843385254825984-soli?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post highlights how Wise found its big growth lever to grow from
$0 to $1B in revenue in the past 10 years in a very competitive
market. It focused on understanding the levers that increased its
viral coefficient and honed in on being more interesting and memorable
than the typical money transfer company. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

12 CASE STUDIES OF USING A CHATBOT FOR GROWTH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dashly.io/blog/growth-marketing-case-studies/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Chatbots are commonly used to engage site visitors and qualify leads.
This post summarizes 12 case studies from clients, which vary from
fintech to e-learning companies, who use chatbot tools. It also covers
several use cases for chatbots, including video popups, pricing page
lead gen, and user onboarding. 

IAB MENA MEASUREMENT GLOSSARY (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://iabmena.com/attribution-definitions/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This glossary, put together by the IAB MENA Measurement Task Force,
offers consensus-based definitions covering a wide range of
measurement concepts. No information is required to download the
report. 

TIKTOK LOOKS PAST LAST-CLICK AS PART OF MEASUREMENT SUITE EXPANSION (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/tiktok-last-click-measurement-solution-campaign-conversions/694089/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok has announced several new measurement capabilities to
effectively track campaign conversions. The new Attribution Analytics
aims to paint a clearer picture of the non-linear path to purchase,
including awareness, discovery, and action. TikTok is also shifting to
a Self-Attributing Network (SAN)‚Äîa separate MMP network integration
that can pinpoint conversions and other campaign outcomes more
effectively than legacy MMPs. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DON‚ÄôT RUSH INTO TACTICS AND CHANNELS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/davegerhardt_heres-one-of-my-principles-for-startup-marketing-activity-7109866559321300992-7uGI?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Too often, brands will go straight to marketing tactics instead of
first understanding competitive gaps. Before executing a single
campaign, marketers should make a list of competitors, and then
research their go-to-market, branding, and messaging. The key is to
identify places where competitor marketing doesn‚Äôt address customer
needs fully and use that to develop a customer acquisition strategy. 

TIKTOK'S ECOMMERCE GAME (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/almund6ef/p/tiktoks-ecommerce-game-amazon-and?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Douyin's success in China has emboldened TikTok to replicate it in the
US. TikTok aims to offer exciting live-streaming experiences,
innovative brand storefronts, and diversify into new categories like
food delivery. Its massive user base gives it an advantage over
competitors. TikTok's expansion into e-commerce could reshape online
shopping and how customers engage with brands. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 STEPS TO WRITING A VALUE PROPOSITION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/liamcurley33_creating-a-value-proposition-activity-7109868362997866497-fT-M?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Answer this series of 7 questions to formulate an effective value
proposition, which in turn will also inform brand positioning and
marketing strategy. 

MY SUBSTACK JOURNEY: 0-$30K IN ARR IN SIX MONTHS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/my-substack-journey-0-30k-in-arr?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This author treated their career as a product, and as part of that
grew their Substack newsletter to $30K ARR. 

A LATINO/A/E/X/ CHEAT SHEET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/activity-7109883838956249089-i5yS?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A US-centric cheat sheet on how to refer to Latine folx. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=ba6510da-5799-11ee-9388-49785898f49d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695207624&t=1695207832&s=b78caccdf032857d7dae1fc9e27c1255aec6a12aee0940c53f38d6d8cf8f1306].