# Articles TLDR Marketing 28-08-2023

Analyzing why you won or lost a customer can provide a ton of
insight.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=baebb500-458c-11ee-83a6-0952e57d5400&pt=campaign&t=1693220612&s=90493f9ca794cbe3e940af4ba738704f6a6f4ee1425a2eaa4228b4c0cb8709e4]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-28

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X OFFICIALLY LAUNCHES THE FIRST STAGE OF JOB LISTINGS FOR VERIFIED
ORGANIZATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-officially-launches-the-first-stage-of-job-listings-for-verified-organiza/691950/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Verified organizations will be able to add job listings to their
profiles on X if they apply to join the X Hiring beta. Users will be
able to see open roles and apply through a third party. 

WORDPRESS ANNOUNCES 100-YEAR DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pcmag.com/news/wordpress-100-year-plan?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


WordPress has introduced a plan that allows users to secure a domain
and hosting for 100 years for $38,000. The plan is geared towards
individuals or companies looking to document their legacy. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

LEARNINGS FROM A CUSTOMER WIN/LOSS ANALYSIS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kaylee-edmondson_winloss-analysis-learnings-i-just-activity-7100878361442316289-XZyt?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Analyzing why you won or lost a customer can provide a ton of insight.
These include uncovering CRM data gaps, identifying the messaging that
wins sales, learning how to refine messaging by user groups,
confirming which market segments work, and identifying potential new
markets. 

HOW TO USE AI TOOLS IN CONTENT MARKETING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/how-to-use-ai-tools-in-content-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


AI should be used selectively in writing because it may provide
incorrect information. Use it to transform information into new
formats or provide article structure with word counts. Information
should be injected gradually into the content and the output should be
reviewed thoroughly. 

HOW TO MAKE BEFORE/AFTER CONTENT IN EMAILS MORE EFFECTIVE (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7100518514851024896/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Spotlighting an expert‚Äôs testimonial before displaying a
before-after showcase sets the stage with credibility. This post
shares an email from Nutrafol that incorporates authority into its
content, which provides validation for the results of its product. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

HOW TO BUILD A 730-DAY CONTENT LIBRARY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.justinwelsh.me/newsletter/build-a-content-library/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


A 4-step system that guides writers and creators to build their own
social media library to churn out daily content. A Notion template is
available. 

TAKEAWAYS FROM LLAMA LOUNGE, THE AI STARTUP EVENT SERIES (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7100895431714369536/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post highlights takeaways from 5 AI tools (Embedchain.ai,
ChatNBX, Dopper, FinalRound, and Pastors.ai) that were demoed at the
Llama Lounge in San Francisco on August 24th. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WOMEN IN TRAVEL: SAMANTHA TAYLOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.travelpulse.ca/news/people/women-in-travel-samantha-taylor/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Samantha Taylor, Sunwing‚Äôs CMO, transitioned from retail into the
travel industry during the thick of COVID. Under her leadership, the
company has propelled towards innovative marketing strategies and
enhanced customer experiences while fostering a culture of empathy and
collaboration. 

GEN Z IS MORE LIKELY TO BE OK WITH TARGETED ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/allow-tracking-younger-consumers-more-likely-okay-with-target/691452/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Research shows younger consumers prefer targeted advertising. Gen Zers
are more likely than older groups to opt into tracking and less likely
to clear browser cookies. They‚Äôre also more likely to research a
product prior to purchase than other generations. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AN ALT TEXT GUIDE TO ENSURE EVERYONE CAN ENJOY YOUR MEMES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/how-to-write-alt-text-memes-social-media?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Effective alt text enables your content to be better recommended to
viewers, gain more exposure, and lead to increased traffic. 

DON‚ÄôT ANALYZE GA4 DATA UNTIL 3 DAYS HAVE PASSED (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/analyticsnerd_ga4-activity-7100794539392528385-Yh2a?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


GA4 events are processed up to 72 hours late, so any analysis within
that window could be incomplete and inaccurate. 

DOZENS OF BIG BRANDS HAVE BLOCKED GPTBOT, OPENAI‚ÄôS NEW WEB CRAWLER
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/websites-blocking-gptbot-431183?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


At least 7% of the top 1,000 websites, including Amazon, wikiHow, and
Quora, have blocked GPTBot. 

YOUTUBE‚ÄôS ADVICE FOR SHORTS CREATORS, INCLUDING HASHTAGS, THE
ALGORITHM, AND MORE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/youtube-advice-for-shorts-creators-hashtags-algorithm/691835/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post provides insight into the Shorts algorithm, how views are
counted, and potential future integrations with AI elements. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=baebb500-458c-11ee-83a6-0952e57d5400&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693220419&t=1693220612&s=1c0cbe811076862ed2b694961721ddf8e46cd618119d48c2a09a573e2f0eeaf8].