# Articles TLDR Marketing 04-09-2023

Since launching in 2017, Clickup has grown rapidly and reached a
customer base of 85K¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d905469c-4afe-11ee-a08d-ddbd0b3880e2&pt=campaign&t=1693825414&s=cdeceb12ebb711606ff56848ef3ab9acfedc73a67cae6fb5e4f6fa177902ad6b]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-04

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X TESTS NEW OPTION THAT WOULD ENABLE CREATORS TO GATHER EMAIL CONTACTS
FROM SUBSCRIBERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-tests-new-option-that-would-enable-creators-to-gather-email-contacts-from/692647/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X is working to implement direct contact sharing, which would benefit
creators and brands looking to engage with their audiences outside the
platform. Based on the report, a new checkbox would be added to the
subscribe pop-up window asking the subscriber if they want to share
their personal email. 

UNIVERSAL ANALYTICS STILL PROCESSING DATA TWO MONTHS AFTER
‚ÄòSUNSET‚Äô (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/universal-analytics-processing-data-one-month-on-430025?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google‚Äôs Universal Analytics was supposed to stop processing data on
July 1, but many marketers still see new data flowing in today. GA4 is
UA‚Äôs replacement. As tempting as it may be, it would be unwise to
rely on UA for analytics purposes as it could stop processing data at
any minute. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

3 COPYWRITING EXERCISES TO WRITE COPY THAT SELLS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/sarah-stockdale-copywriting-exercises?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Copy is fundamental to marketing and growth ‚Äî but so often
overlooked. This guide contains 3 exercises to make your copy more
effective: removing ‚Äúwe‚Äù statements, in-depth customer
storytelling, and addressing customer objections. 

NOT ALL PAID CAMPAIGNS SHOULD BE MEASURED ON REVENUE (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7103003545766883328?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Profitability is top of mind for many businesses, so it‚Äôs easy to
fall into the trap of measuring all ad campaigns based on revenue.
Instead, you should use leading indicators to measure impact in the
shorter term. This post outlines how to measure different types of
campaigns. 

HOW TO CRAFT AN IMPECCABLE GO TO MARKET STRATEGY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://neilpatel.com/blog/go-to-market-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Having a go-to-market strategy is important to successfully launch a
product or service. This article highlights different types of
strategies, steps to create one, best practices, and success stories
from Slack and Fitbit. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

ANALYTICS DEBUGGER: DEBUG ANALYTICS TOOLS + SOCIAL PIXELS (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jsilverbauer_analytics-debugger-activity-7104149277592936448-ZRg4?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This Chrome extension helps you debug and analyze web analytics and
tracking implementations. It covers Google tags, Adobe Analytics,
marketing pixels (Meta, Twitter, etc.), and quite a few more tools.
Its features include blocking your own hits and inspecting data
attributes. 

SCHEMA MARKUP: WHAT IT IS & HOW TO IMPLEMENT IT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://ahrefs.com/blog/schema-markup/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Schema markup is structured code that helps search engines understand
the information on a page. Google can use it to show rich results,
which can earn a page more clicks. Schema types include Article,
Breadcrumb, Product, plus many more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW DID CLICKUP BECOME A $150M REVENUE MACHINE? (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://aatir.substack.com/p/how-did-clickup-become-a-150m-revenue?utm_source=tldrmarekting]

Since launching in 2017, Clickup has grown rapidly and reached a
customer base of 85K. They made this possible with a rigorous product
and marketing strategy. Its tactics included conversion-focused
content marketing, daily blog posts for SEO, community engagement,
customer referrals, and ‚Äúpurple cow‚Äù advertising. 

WHEN CUSTOMERS CARE ABOUT QUALITY BUT JUST NOT YET (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.leahtharin.com/p/when-customers-care-about-quality?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Assembly quality was assumed to be a necessity for car sales, yet
Tesla succeeded while delivering cars with issues. This illustrates
the effectiveness of the brand‚Äôs positioning, as well as the
importance of understanding what a brand actually competes against.
Tesla‚Äôs product isn‚Äôt just a vehicle to get you from point A to
point B, but rather a set of exclusive features that no other car
brand offers. 

DECENTRALIZED MEDIA FOR CREATORS: THE RUG RADIO STORY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/decentralized-media-for-creators-the-rug-radio-story/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Web3 is transforming how creators engage with their followers by
empowering them to directly own and monetize their audiences.
Different from traditional platforms, decentralized autonomous
organizations (DAO) like 'Rug Radio' are owned and operated by
creators and fans. Decisions are voted by all token holders and the
organization has its own treasury with proceeds from NFT sales. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW THE BRAND BEHIND SELENA GOMEZ‚ÄôS VIRAL BLANKET SEIZED THE MEME-NT
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/31/how-the-brand-behind-selena-gomez-s-viral-blanket-seized-the-meme-nt/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Laguna Beach Textile Company saw a 400-500% increase in sales since
the meme took off and they capitalized with paid advertising. 

HOW JCPENNEY IS PIVOTING ITS BRAND AS PART OF $1B COMPANY TURNAROUND
PLAN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/jc-penney-turnaround-plan-inclusive-retail-marketing/692561/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The campaign centers on four core areas: making fashion accessible,
offering a compelling loyalty program, supporting varied local and
cultural communities, and reinforcing a commitment to positive change.


AS KLEENEX LEAVES, KRUGER MOVES QUICK TO SAY IT WILL ‚ÄòSTAY‚Äô (2
MINUTE POST)
[https://the-message.ca/2023/08/28/as-kleenex-leaves-kruger-moves-quick-to-say-it-will-stay/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

As Kleenex announces it is pulling out of the Canadian market, Kruger
quickly responds with a Scotties Instagram post with a cheeky headline
of ‚ÄúWe know how to ‚Äòstay‚Äô‚Äù. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d905469c-4afe-11ee-a08d-ddbd0b3880e2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693825220&t=1693825414&s=ac87e112309c04639d7c36ead212c23da3d6f2b9b01b1906c54b902b92ef310b].