# Articles TLDR Marketing 29-09-2023

Duolingo improved next-day retention from 47% to 55% by using
challenges and other gamification features¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=8a80b080-5e98-11ee-9bb7-753bc249f71b&pt=campaign&t=1695985435&s=c4331c48262f725f030f25f7fd5ece962cba7de06db64f2a85c35f52d661dea5]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-29

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

REDDIT FORCES PERSONALIZED ADS, STARTS X-LIKE USER PAYMENT PROGRAM (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/?p=1971837?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Reddit is removing the option for users to opt out of personalized ads
based on their activity, sparking privacy concerns. Additionally, it
launched the Contributor Program, enabling users to earn money based
on their karma similar to X's ad revenue sharing program. This has
raised concerns about encouraging lower-quality content. 

MEDIUM HINTS AT A NASCENT COALITION TO BLOCK AI CRAWLERS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/28/medium-hints-at-a-nascent-media-coalition-to-block-ai-crawlers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

In a move against AI bots, web publishing platform Medium joined other
media outlets in blocking GPTBot. It is also working to form a
coalition with other platforms to address the challenges posed by AI
crawlers. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW DUOLINGO USED GAMIFICATION TO IMPROVE NEXT-DAY RETENTION (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/finnmckenty_how-duolingo-drives-retention-with-gamification-ugcPost-7112976108051955712-2k_x/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Duolingo improved next-day retention from 47% to 55% by using
challenges and other gamification features. The app packages
accomplishments as a ‚Äúchallenge‚Äù, which is either a high-level
goal (e.g. "Learn Vietnamese") or a smaller goal (e.g. "study
Vietnamese 7 days in a row). Duolingo provides visual motivations to
show daily progress and uses external reminders to drive users back to
the app. 

HOW NY‚ÄôS #1 REAL ESTATE BROKER USED YOUTUBE TO DISRUPT THE INDUSTRY
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ryanhashemi_/status/1707433805836136563/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This is a case study on how Ryan Serhant used YouTube to scale his
brokerage firm. It shares tactics on how to win clicks via
eye-catching thumbnails and maximize retention within the first 30
seconds of a video and highlights the importance of having an
intentional content mix. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

TIKTOK LAUNCHES NEW ‚ÄòCREATIVE ASSISTANT‚Äô TO HELP GUIDE YOUR AD
CREATION PROCESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktok-launches-new-creative-assistant-to-help-guide-your-ad-creation-pro/695128/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok‚Äôs new AI-powered ‚ÄúCreative Assistant‚Äù tool exists within
its ad tools and guides marketers through the campaign creation
process. It can show you top-performing ads in your niche and produce
ad scripts. These options have been available in TikTok‚Äôs Creative
Center for some time, but now they‚Äôre built into the app to
streamline the process. 

LITMUS: HOW TO CREATE & ADD AN ANIMATED GIF TO AN EMAIL (16 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.litmus.com/blog/a-guide-to-animated-gifs-in-emails/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

According to Litmus‚Äô 2023 State of Email Design Report, 43% of
marketers said there was an improvement in email performance when GIFs
were used in their marketing emails. This guide provides GIF examples
from brands, a list of considerations to think about when inserting
GIFs into emails, and the steps in creating your own animated GIFs via
Adobe Animate. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MERGE‚ÄôS PATH TO PRODUCT-MARKET FIT: THE IMPORTANCE OF FOUNDER-LED
SALES (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/merges-path-to-product-market-fit?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Merge, the G2 Leader for Unified APIs, started out with two founders
encountering a huge problem. They decided to talk to 100 different
companies to understand how prevalent the problem was before they
reached any sort of solution. In doing this, they understood customer
pain points intricately, which ultimately informed their messaging
strategy and equipped them to grow through founder-led sales. This
article contains more details about their journey to date. 

THE MISALIGNMENT OF B2B MARKETING AND SALES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/weinbergpeter_the-circles-of-doom-quantifying-the-misalignment-activity-7113156841383055360-5Dye?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Marketing can only generate an effective pipeline if it targets the
same buyers as sales. However, a recent analysis from LinkedIn that
measured the targeting overlap between sales and marketing across
7,000 B2B companies found it to be only at 16%. In theory, this number
should be 100%. In addition, the average overlap between brand and
demand marketing is only 6%. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE MAJORITY OF YOUR TARGET CUSTOMER RESEARCH SHOULD BE QUALITATIVE (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/peeplaja_the-vast-majority-of-your-target-customer-activity-7113115134864089088-3QrJ/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

You don‚Äôt need to achieve statistical significance for qualitative
research. Instead, you merely need 12-13 respondents to achieve
‚Äòsaturation‚Äô in your study. 

HOW 404S IMPACT ORGANIC RANKINGS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-404s-impact-organic-rankings?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

404 errors are not a direct ranking signal, but they do have a
negative impact if valuable backlinks are pointing to them. 

KEY TAKEAWAYS OF FORBES TOP 50 CREATORS LIST (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/tamekabazile_creatoreconomy-topcreators-socialmedia-activity-7112798049483018240-Xv6f?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post provides a quick summary of Forbes‚Äô 2023 Top 50 Creators
list‚Äî46% are women, 28% are people of color, and MrBeast is the
reigning top creator. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=8a80b080-5e98-11ee-9bb7-753bc249f71b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695985218&t=1695985435&s=fd1860169e7d1a08949f06c49be30ef1493d4f050892c7ced7423de8c73d1080].