# Articles TLDR Marketing 06-09-2023

Many apps are seeing their downloads decline, even as overall App
Store revenue grows¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d978a8ba-4c90-11ee-b4aa-e5f32365cc55&pt=campaign&t=1693998211&s=19fa55b1fecbad3eb66f400315d9d48ad773547ef050d9cfd200b96f47462c7c]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-06

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

US APP STORE DOWNLOADS ARE DROPPING, NEW DATA INDICATES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/05/u-s-app-store-downloads-are-dropping-new-data-indicates/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Many apps are seeing their downloads decline, even as overall App
Store revenue grows. Data suggests that some of the biggest apps on
the market are losing their appeal in the face of increased
competition. 

SHOPIFY INTEGRATES BUY WITH PRIME FEATURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/shopify-integrates-amazon-buy-with-prime/692664/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Shopify merchants will soon be able to offer Buy with Prime as a
payment method. Prime members who use Buy with Prime on Shopify can
access free delivery and easy returns via Amazon‚Äôs network. It will
be available for all US-based Shopify sellers who use or want to use
Amazon‚Äôs fulfillment network by the end of September. 

US COPYRIGHT OFFICE OPENS PUBLIC COMMENTS ON AI AND CONTENT OWNERSHIP
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/us-copyright-office-opens-public-comments-on-ai-and-content-ownership-170225911.html?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The legality of AI use is in question, including companies training AI
models on copyrighted works, the copyright eligibility of AI-generated
content, and how to handle machine-made outputs mimicking human
artists‚Äô work. The public comment period is open until November
15th. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

8 POWERFUL TAKEAWAYS FROM EYE TRACKING STUDIES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.quicksprout.com/eye-tracking-studies/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

It is possible to identify where viewers look on a web page and for
how long with eye tracking, providing valuable insights for optimizing
web pages. Tips gained from eye-tracking insights include breaking
down information into short paragraphs or bullets, putting CTAs at the
bottom of the page, and using pictures of people to grab attention. 

SHOW PRODUCTS NEXT TO THE PROBLEM THEY SOLVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/show-products-next-to-the-problem?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Show images of your product close to either the problem it tackles or
the ‚Äúafter‚Äù image of the solved problem. Researchers found that
this makes people more likely to believe in its effectiveness and
ultimately choose it. For example, kitchen towels shown next to clean
or dirty countertops. 

THIS MISTAKE IS KILLING YOUR MARKETING STRATEGY (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-herubel-540b3949_this-mistake-is-killing-your-marketing-strategy-activity-7104734947554258944-AJm5?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Focusing too much on outcomes rather than the process will result in
confusion and inefficiency instead of results. Without a proper plan,
you will test the latest 'hacks‚Äô and try new tactics all the time.
Instead, analyze the objectives, map all the steps, plan the
execution, then track progress and stay in control. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

PRODUCT STRATEGY CANVAS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://huryn.substack.com/p/product-strategy-canvas/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A good product strategy is simple and is for everyone in the
organization. It defines the long-term vision and the market, looks at
trade-offs and competencies, and establishes the preferred sales and
marketing channels. A free strategy template is included in the post. 

HOW TO LOAD MULTIPLE GOOGLE ANALYTICS 4 PROPERTIES WITH A SINGLE
SCRIPT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.zone/multiple-google-analytics-scripts/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The advantages of monitoring a site with multiple GA4 properties
include data segmentation, experimentation, access control, and
third-party integrations. It‚Äôs relatively easy to include multiple
GA4 properties in the script you‚Äôre already running. You can
differentiate GA4 properties further by customizing which events are
sent to each. 

HOW GOOGLE SGE WILL IMPACT YOUR TRAFFIC (21 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/how-google-sge-will-impact-your-traffic-and-3-sge-recovery-case-studies-431430?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article covers key questions to help you understand how Google
Search Generative Experience will impact website traffic. It contains
an impact model to estimate traffic loss, an experimental framework
for SGE optimization, and 3 SGE recovery case studies. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CONSUMER PSYCHOLOGY CHEAT SHEET: MASTERING THE ART OF MARKETING (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/consumer-psychology-cheatsheet-mastering?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article outlines 7 psychological phenomena and how marketers can
use them to improve messaging and conversion. These include anchoring
bias (why consumers respond to seeing dollars saved) and the paradox
of choice (why you should simplify busy conversion pages). 

5 WAYS TO USE SOCIAL MEDIA MORE EFFICIENTLY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/social-media-efficiency/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Managing a brand‚Äôs social media presence can be time-consuming. This
post outlines 5 tips to clean up your social media workflow to ensure
you‚Äôre making the best use of your time and resources. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

META TAKES ANOTHER STEP AWAY FROM NEW CONTENT WITH THE REMOVAL OF
FACEBOOK NEWS IN MORE REGIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-takes-another-step-away-from-new-content-with-the-removal-of-facebook/692764/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta announces it is ending Facebook News in the UK, France, and
Germany in December. 

YOUR HOMEPAGE SHOULDN‚ÄôT COMMUNICATE EVERYTHING (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/heyrobk_homepage-website-productmarketing-activity-7103401840020463616-JBFx?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A homepage should only explain what the product is, who it‚Äôs meant
for, and when it‚Äôs meant to be used - nothing more. 

PEACOCK‚ÄôS TRICK TO KEEP SUBSCRIBERS COMING BACK? EMAILS‚ÄîBILLIONS
OF THEM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/09/05/peacock-s-trick-to-keep-subscribers-coming-back-emails-billions-of-them?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Peacock has been blasting users with emails to compensate for the high
churn rate across streamers - between 3-5 emails per week to free and
paid customers. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d978a8ba-4c90-11ee-b4aa-e5f32365cc55&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693998018&t=1693998211&s=e3316b92f1e6b6d8e52acd8aabb94bb94463bda624091791b947816b32e03578].