# Articles TLDR Marketing 24-10-2023

TikTok is testing a 15-minute video upload feature to boost long-form
content on its platform¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5917f69e-724c-11ee-a82d-d7c86809e3b0&pt=campaign&t=1698145398&s=1679dad50b3b118fae78edaf441aa964c4a8cd90583da66de46c3157e054845f]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-24

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 TIKTOK IS TESTING 15-MINUTE UPLOADS WITH SELECT USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/23/tiktok-testing-15-minute-uploads/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 TikTok is testing a 15-minute video upload feature to boost long-form
content on its platform, expanding beyond its short-form roots. By
increasing the video length limit, TikTok aims to compete with
YouTube, attracting more long-form creators and increasing user
engagement. 

 YOUTUBE‚ÄôS TESTING OUT NEW COMMENT CONTROLS TO MANAGE VIDEO
INTERACTIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/youtubes-testing-out-new-comment-controls-to-manage-video-interactions/697531/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 YouTube is testing a new option that allows brands or creators to
deactivate future comments on selected videos while still keeping
comments that have been posted until that point. This new process aims
to provide a middle ground for maintaining a level of discussion even
if comments are switched off. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 5 A/B TESTS THAT DROVE GROWTH FOR BUGHERD (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://dribbble.com/stories/2023/10/17/failure-is-feedback-a-b-testing-lessons-for-optimists?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 BugHerd, a website bug-tracking tool, regularly runs experiments
expecting many will fail. This article describes 5 tests that had the
biggest impact. Modernizing the website while maintaining the same
content architecture outperformed the control by 82%. Adding more
detail to their pricing page outperformed the control in terms of lead
conversion, time spent on the page, and bounce rate. 

 15+ TIPS TO GROW ON YOUTUBE SHORTS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/grow-youtube-shorts/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 To thrive on YouTube Shorts and grow your brand, it is essential to
understand the platform's unique demands. This includes optimizing
video text and channel information for SEO, embracing storytelling
techniques to engage viewers, and interacting with your audience for
community building. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 18 GOOGLE ADS TOOLS TO SAVE TIME AND INCREASE PROFITS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ppcmastery.com/blog/tpe-65-google-ads-tools-to-save-time-and-increase-profits?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This list contains 18 tools to supplement Google Ads and improve
campaign performance. The tools include TrueClicks for campaign
monitoring, Cookiebot for compliance tracking, and Lunio/Cheq for
click fraud prevention. 

 A CUSTOMER EDUCATION BLUEPRINT THAT DRIVES GROWTH (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/a-customer-education-blueprint-that?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Customer education drives customer success, retention, and growth.
This post shares 5 tips for launching and running a customer education
program and includes a cheatsheet. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 CODECADEMY‚ÄôS SUBSCRIPTION GROWTH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.subscriptionindex.com/blog/patience-subscription-growth?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Codecademy had a goal of $1 million monthly recurring revenue. Its
subscription model made it especially challenging to make product
improvements and track metrics, but also resulted in greater
durability. It required a lot of patience to grow, because product
wins took longer to generate results, but compounded over time. 

 APP OPTIMIZATION THROUGH EXPERIMENTATION (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://subclub.com/episode/app-optimization-through-experimentation-hannah-parvaz-aperture]


 This podcast transcript includes how to profitably scale performance
marketing, hard vs. soft activation, and why November‚Äôs marketing
spend should be carefully monitored due to rising ad costs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 10 SEO TASKS YOU MUST NOT IGNORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://seo.thefxck.com/articles/top-10-seo-tasks-you-must-not-ignore/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 These include adding schema markup, targeting full-funnel keywords,
and capturing visitors that arrive from organic search. 

 23 YEARS OF GOOGLE ADS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/dennismoons_google-ads-turns-23-ugcPost-7122116284397277184-jh9g?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This carousel shows how the features and design of Google Ads have
evolved each year since 2000. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5917f69e-724c-11ee-a82d-d7c86809e3b0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698145221&t=1698145398&s=0e9cf1affcb9c7d336a5ae477afd7e18cab98650c8639fe9200a219898160549].