# Articles TLDR Marketing 17-08-2023

The City of New York has announced a TikTok ban on all city-owned
devices¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=73c90eda-3cdf-11ee-9be7-3731e8b4b35b&pt=campaign&t=1692270212&s=3a674aaa25c3b6abe40c183c52f5d032b95c1cd77b1da5c82ab8a6539e8fdf85]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-17

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

NEW TIKTOK BANS IN THE US COULD RE-IGNITE FEARS OF BROADER
RESTRICTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/new-tiktok-bans-in-the-us-could-re-ignite-fears-of-broader-restrictions/691093/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The City of New York has announced a TikTok ban on all city-owned
devices after a review from the NYC Cyber Command labeled it a
security threat to the city's technical network. This is yet another
red flag for TikTok, which is also banned in Montana. 

TWEETDECK IS OFFICIALLY BECOMING A PAID SERVICE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/15/23833707/tweetdeck-xpro-paid-service-x-premium-twitter?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

XPro, previously called TweetDeck, supports multiple accounts and
custom feeds, making it a powerful tool for those who use X regularly.
X previously announced XPro would become a paid feature at some point.
Some users are now seeing a sales page for X Premium when they try to
use XPro. 

AMAZON EXPANDS SPONSORED PRODUCTS ADS TO OTHER APPS AND WEBSITES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.pymnts.com/amazon/2023/amazon-expands-sponsored-products-ads-to-other-apps-and-websites/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Previously, Amazon's Sponsored Products ads existed only on Amazon.
Ads will now appear on other sites and apps, including Pinterest,
BuzzFeed, and Hearst Newspapers. Advertisers do not need to take any
action to appear on these external platforms. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY SLACK‚ÄôS LANDING PAGE CONVERTS SO WELL (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/boringmarketer/status/1691857578517561374/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This thread breaks down the anatomy of a high-converting landing page
and provides 10 reasons why Slack‚Äôs landing page fits the bill.
Slack‚Äôs landing page has a benefit-driven value proposition in the
header and subheader, a simple yet powerful graphic, heavy emphasis on
the product‚Äôs benefits over features, and much more, which makes it
highly effective. 

3 KEY TACTICS IN LIQUID DEATH‚ÄôS LATEST COMMERCIAL (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/alexgarcia_atx/status/1691620495181943197/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Liquid Death, known for its edgy marketing, took its unconventional
approach to new heights in its latest ad, ‚ÄúBetter Than Back Sweat?
Liquid Death Official Taste Test‚Äù. This thread pinpoints 3 tactics
the company used, including familiarity, shock value, and satire, to
cut through the noise and stand out. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

6 INSANELY VALUABLE AND FREE WEBSITES FOR WRITERS (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/jonbrosio/status/1691811871630717205/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This thread shares 6 websites to help get those creative juices
flowing for those looking for writing tools outside the realms of
ChatGPT. Pro-tip: Quora is basically a ‚Äúbonafide prompt finder‚Äù. 

HOW TO CREATE AN A/B TEST IN META EXPERIMENTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.jonloomer.com/how-to-create-an-a-b-test-in-meta-experiments/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A/B testing within Meta's Experiments section allows users to test 2-5
variations of already running campaigns or ad sets to determine which
performs best based on a single variable. Learn step-by-step how to
set up these experiments with performance goals and key metrics to
track the winning variation. 

HOW (AND WHY) TO ACTIVATE THE GA4 USER ACTIVITY DATA EXPORT TO
BIGQUERY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ga4bigquery.com/how-and-why-to-activate-the-ga4-user-activity-data-export-to-bigquery/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

It is now possible to export user-based data from GA4 to BigQuery.
Previously, it was only possible to export event-based data. This
article explains how to activate the data export and the benefits of
doing so. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW CUSTOMERS REVIEWS CAN MAKE OR BREAK YOUR BUSINESS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cmswire.com/customer-experience/how-customer-reviews-can-make-or-break-your-business/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Customer reviews can have a great impact on a brand's reputation - 91%
of online customers regularly check them. While good reviews can help
build credibility, negative feedback can serve as an improvement
opportunity by revealing customer pain points. It is critical to
actively monitor reviews and take action on feedback. 

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE EVOLUTION: FROM 2015 INSIGHTS TO 2023 REALITIES (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/customer-experience/customer-experience-evolution-from-2015-insights-to-2023-realities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Customer expectations have changed since 2015, requiring marketers to
adjust their strategies. This article outlines several notable changes
over the last 8 years, such as the importance of brand reputation and
audience connection. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INSTAGRAM‚ÄôS TESTING A NEW REELS DISPLAY FOR MULTI-ADVERTISER ADS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/instagrams-testing-a-new-reels-display-for-multi-advertiser-ads/691124/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A new variation of multi-advertiser display ads is now appearing for
some Reels users. 

GOOGLE ADS TRIALS ENHANCED CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-ads-enhanced-customer-service-small-business-430773?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google will offer one-on-one support to small business owners as part
of a new paid pilot. A select number of agencies and advertisers have
been invited to test the new program. 

CHILI'S BETS MORE TV ADS WILL HELP TRAFFIC (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.restaurantbusinessonline.com/marketing/chilis-bets-more-tv-ads-will-help-traffic?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The chain ran TV ads for the first time in three years, which led to
increased visits and gave the team confidence to invest up to $60
million more. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=73c90eda-3cdf-11ee-9be7-3731e8b4b35b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692270020&t=1692270212&s=7846f38d27198cd1eb0ee6197e1fbb4906fe3f020b356268e6b0e516c0e59656].