# Articles TLDR Marketing 22-08-2023

Elon Musk admitted X may fail after a glitch led to the automatic
removal of pictures and links on posts made before December 2014.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=f85060de-40ce-11ee-99cc-6f3578fb6250&pt=campaign&t=1692702253&s=07ada2305f77408c7dcc7f2bb3c090eeced4684d42dbdf151eb99ec81f8dea45]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-22

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ELON MUSK ADMITS ‚ÄòX MAY FAIL‚Äô AFTER A GLITCH ERASED PHOTOS OLDER
THAN DECEMBER 2014 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://technext24.com/2023/08/21/elon-musk-musk-glitche-that-photos-on-x/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Elon Musk admitted X may fail after a glitch led to the automatic
removal of pictures and links on posts made before December 2014.
Without an official explanation of what caused the glitch, experts are
speculating it could be the result of data storage cost saving
efforts. 

BEREAL GETS MORE SOCIAL WITH ‚ÄòFRIENDS OF FRIENDS‚Äô FEATURE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/21/bereal-gets-more-social-with-friends-of-friends-feature/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

BeReal is adding pinned posts on profiles, user mentions in posts, and
replacing its Discovery feed with a Friends of Friends feed. Users
will be able to see posts from users who have mutual friends on the
app, so long as they‚Äôre opted in. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

AI ETHICS: HOW MARKETERS SHOULD EMBRACE INNOVATION RESPONSIBLY (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/ai-ethics/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

AI ethical concerns include misinformation, bias and discrimination,
privacy concerns, and lack of accountability. This post tackles 5
steps to mitigate these ethical risks, including setting rules and
responsibilities for AI use, maintaining transparency, and ensuring
continuous education across teams. 

YOUR DEEP, EASY GUIDE TO DEEP LINKING AND WHY IT MATTERS FOR SEO (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/08/21/deep-linking?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Deep linking is the practice of linking to specific pages on a website
or app. This post explains how to deep link and its benefits, increase
site navigability and conversion rate, and boost link equity to key
pages. 

CHATGPT PROMPTS FOR PAY-PER-CLICK ADS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/chatgpt-prompts-for-pay-per-click-ads?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post presents ChatGPT prompts to make paid media campaign
planning and setup both quicker and easier. It includes prompts for
grouping keywords by intent, generating ad copy, finding related
keywords, and suggesting audience targeting for social media ads. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

8 NEW GA4 FEATURES YOU ABSOLUTELY CAN‚ÄôT IGNORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/content-marketing/8-new-ga4-features-you-absolutely-cant-ignore/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article outlines 8 new Google Analytics 4 (GA4) features that app
marketers should use. These include a method to identify users
opted-out of notifications, an audience builder for Ads, and a more
accurate and privacy-safe way to measure app conversions from web
campaigns. 

BRAND SAFETY CONTROLS & REPORTING SUPPORTED IN PMAX (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/adsliaison/status/1692640539080900730?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This thread explains different levers available for advertisers to
control the types of content their PMax ads can appear next to across
platforms. There are multiple suitability and content controls
available as well as reports to show the sites and websites where your
ads appeared. 

32 MISSION AND VISION STATEMENT EXAMPLES THAT WILL INSPIRE YOUR BUYERS
(18 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/inspiring-company-mission-statements-vb?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Finding the balance between being ambitious and inspiring while also
being practical and achievable can be challenging. This post shares
mission and vision statements from 32 companies for inspiration. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI-GENERATED CONTENT: TO LABEL OR NOT TO LABEL? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/label-ai-generated-content-430898?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

There are dissenting opinions about disclosing AI use to users. 85% of
marketers use AI to produce content. Many policymakers are advocating
for AI labeling, while Google says it is not a necessity and it could
detract from the user experience. 

FROM MAD MEN TO MACHINES? BIG ADVERTISERS SHIFT TO AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/mad-men-machines-big-advertisers-shift-ai-2023-08-18/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Leading advertisers like Nestle and Unilever are using ChatGPT and
DALL-E 2 to write campaign briefs, product descriptions, and social
content for their ad campaigns. While the potential for greater speed
and reduced expenses is clear, apprehensions with security and
copyright risks from AI tools persist. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 SIGNS YOU MIGHT BE OUT OF GTM ALIGNMENT (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7099397485910970368/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Go-to-market alignment is achieved when governed by a coherent and
uniform methodology of the customer journey and when KPIs are derived
from a single source of truth. 

EXPLORING LUXURY BRANDS‚Äô MOST FASCINATING POP-UP STORES (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.marketingmind.in/exploring-luxury-brands-most-fascinating-pop-up-stores/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

8 examples of luxury pop-up stores and how they help brands build
their identity in addition to selling products. 

ETSY DEBUTS BABY REGISTRY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/etsy-debuts-baby-registry/691349/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Etsy enters the baby goods market after finding its users search for a
baby item every second on its website. 

X WILL SOON ADD JOB ‚ÄòMATCHMAKING‚Äô TO HELP BRANDS HIGHLIGHT
RELEVANT OPPORTUNITIES IN THE APP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-will-soon-add-job-matchmaking-to-help-brands-highlight-relevant-opportu/691445/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Job matchmaking will soon launch on X even though it‚Äôs unclear what
data X will use to determine job relevancy. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=f85060de-40ce-11ee-99cc-6f3578fb6250&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692702029&t=1692702253&s=59eee71741ba01cf986c492a9f62fb37026dca2cec9d2eca65f6f63ad0456699].