# Articles TLDR Marketing 26-09-2023

ChatGPT‚Äôs new voice feature will be powered by a text-to-speech
model that can generate human-like voices using a few seconds of
sampled speech¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=1b5b51c6-5c43-11ee-a992-b177e8e8f9bd&pt=campaign&t=1695726215&s=b702fddf1b2049168411b3af1b60d2a5c35d81d7af8948bf22d5ebc95bf3ba20]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-26

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

OPENAI GIVES CHATGPT A VOICE FOR VERBAL CONVERSATIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/openai-chatgpt-voice/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

ChatGPT‚Äôs new voice feature will be powered by a text-to-speech
model that can generate human-like voices from text using a few
seconds of sampled speech. This opens doors to many creative and
accessibility-focused applications. It is set to roll out to paying
Plus and Enterprise users in the coming 2 weeks. 

X‚ÄôS COMING AUDIO AND VIDEO CALLING OPTIONS ARE LIKELY TO BE
EXCLUSIVE TO X PREMIUM SUBSCRIBERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/xs-coming-audio-and-video-calling-options-are-likely-to-be-exclusive-to-x/694691/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X plans to introduce audio and video calls to its platform. These
features will reportedly only be available to X Premium subscribers.
Users will be able to receive audio and video calls from Verified
users, those they follow, or contacts in their address book. 

GETTY IMAGES LAUNCHES AN AI-POWERED IMAGE GENERATOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/getty-images-launches-an-ai-powered-image-generator/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Getty Images launched Generative AI by Getty Images, a tool powered by
Nvidia's AI model that can create images from text descriptions or
prompts. Users will receive Getty's standard royalty-free license,
which includes indemnification against copyright lawsuits. The tool
has safeguards to prevent it from being used for disinformation or
replicating the style of living artists. It also adds a watermark to
identify AI-generated images. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO BUILD YOUR CONTENT STRATEGY IN 4 STEPS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://reddotgrowth.substack.com/p/how-to-build-your-content-strategy?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Powerful content builds brand awareness, creates demand, and closes
deals. This guide contains 3 underutilized sources of content ideas, 4
key ingredients for excellent content, and tips for surfacing the
right content at the right point in the customer‚Äôs journey. 

HOW CONTENT AGGREGATORS CAN HELP YOUR BRAND (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/content-marketing/content-aggregation-services/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A content aggregator, such as Google News, funnels content into a
platform and uses algorithms to decide where it should be distributed
on other websites around the web. Brands can use these services to
extend the reach of their content and engage with a broader audience.
Marketers can also use these tools to compile outside content for
research and idea creation purposes. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

2023 AVERAGE SOCIAL MEDIA ENGAGEMENT RATE BY INDUSTRY AND PLATFORM (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hootsuite.com/average-engagement-rate/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide, sourced from Hootsuite‚Äôs internal data, provides the
average engagement rate per post in 13 top industries across
Instagram, Facebook, X, LinkedIn, and TikTok. These stats are useful
for benchmarking your own brand‚Äôs performance on these social
platforms. 

MEASURING AND OPTIMIZING FOR GOOGLE CORE WEB VITALS: A TECHNICAL SEO
GUIDE (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/measuring-optimizing-google-core-web-vitals-technical-seo-guide-432368?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Core Web Vitals are a set of performance signals that Google deems
critical to all web experiences and considers in its search algorithm.
This in-depth guide explains what each metric means, how to assess
your site for better UX and SEO results, which tools to use, and how
to interpret and resolve specific issues. This is an essential guide
for any marketer dealing with Core Web Vitals issues. 

7 TOOLS TO AUGMENT YOUR MARKETING WORKFLOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/emilykramer_75-of-the-time-i-try-a-new-martech-tool-activity-7103407910247882753-ri7i?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post lists 7 marketing AI, no-code, and automation tools designed
to help marketers work more efficiently. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY CANADA GOOSE SOARED AND SHINOLA SPUTTERED (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://insight.kellogg.northwestern.edu/article/podcast-canada-goose-shinola-2?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This podcast transcript shares the challenges in elevating a
mass-market brand into the luxury industry by analyzing two
contrasting cases: Canada Goose and Shinola. Canada Goose, a
winter-wear producer, successfully transitioned into a luxury brand by
emphasizing its functional benefits and attracting high-status
endorsements. In contrast, Shinola, known for shoe polish, attempted
to become a luxury wristwatch brand, but faced difficulties due to
incoherent branding and issues with product origin claims. 

DISSOLVING MARTECH? TECH STACK AGGREGATION BRINGS MORE POWER TO
MARKETING, MORE CONTROL TO IT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://chiefmartec.com/2023/09/dissolving-martech-tech-stack-aggregation-brings-more-power-to-marketing-more-control-to-it/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article discusses a notable shift in the ownership of marketing
technology responsibilities from the marketing department to IT. The
shift is driven by the increasing complexity and diversity of martech
stacks, with companies adopting a strategy of aggregation rather than
consolidation to address these challenges. The change is expected to
empower marketing operations by freeing up time to build better
processes and tap into new data and services offered by aggregation
platforms. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW REAL ARE THE PROBLEMS WITH GA4? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.org/separating-fact-from-fiction-how-real-are-the-problems-with-ga4/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

In this interview, the product director of Google Analytics addresses
some of the complaints about GA4 and gives a preview of upcoming
changes. 

AS MORE AI BOTS INFILTRATE SOCIAL PLATFORMS, EACH IS DEVELOPING NEW
RULES TO KEEP UP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/as-more-ai-bots-infiltrate-social-platforms-each-is-developing-new-rules-t/694686/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Social platforms are facing an influx of AI-generated spam, leading to
the development of new rules to counter this issue across platforms
including TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube. 

5 COMMON MISTAKES FROM A META AD ACCOUNT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/benradack_i-audited-a-meta-account-spending-180kmonth-activity-7111378934574809089-UOk3?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The author of this post audited a Meta account spending $180K/month
with a 1.2X ROAS and outlined 5 mistakes that even big brands make. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=1b5b51c6-5c43-11ee-a992-b177e8e8f9bd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695726020&t=1695726215&s=4f05792533baacdc454f092750140b013878984754fe2a9d298e42d576b2843b].