# Articles TLDR Marketing 03-10-2023

TikTok is reportedly testing a paid ad-free version of its app¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fb8583d2-61c7-11ee-b2d5-534ae1508b1d&pt=campaign&t=1696331035&s=2739ab67b1f156782ee0bbe6bfab20b923232a4b25b31e3cc3d837b4d9b1adcb]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-03

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X PARTNERS WITH GOOGLE DISPLAY NETWORK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/x-twitter-google-display-network-432724?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Following a steep decline in advertising revenue, X has started
outsourcing the sale of some of its ad space to the Google Display
Network. Advertisers will be able to reach X‚Äôs audience of over 200
million active users via the X home feed inventory with Google Ads
Display campaigns. 

TIKTOK IS REPORTEDLY TESTING A PAID, AD-FREE VERSION OF ITS APP (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/2/23899771/tiktok-paid-version-ad-free-plan-test?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok is reportedly testing a paid ad-free version of its app, giving
users the option to pay $4.99 a month to avoid seeing ads. This move
is part of TikTok's efforts to diversify its revenue sources,
including promoting its in-app marketplace and pushing ads and coupons
to encourage purchases. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO GET BACKLINKS FROM COLD EMAIL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anna-york-seo_how-to-get-1k-backlinks-activity-7105877363451641856-YB2M?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

It‚Äôs feasible to earn backlinks through cold email outreach. The
process starts with topic research in an SEO tool, such as Ahrefs
Content Explorer, then prospecting and outreach. This post explains
each step in more detail and includes 2 email templates to use for
outreach. 

HOW TO COLLECT & USE YOUR GA4 DATA TO TRANSFORM YOUR CONTENT STRATEGY
(12 MINUTE READ)
[https://moz.com/blog/transform-your-content-strategy-with-ga4-data?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article outlines how to utilize Google Analytics 4 data to
enhance content marketing efforts. Key metrics to understand to
optimize content include page views, engagement rate, average
engagement time, exits, bounce rate, and scroll depth. Details on how
to leverage Google Tag Manager to analyze content performance directly
into your GA4 property are also provided. 

BLOSSOM ESSENTIALS: HOW TO SCALE A SKINCARE BRAND (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drip.com/podcast/sarah-vilenskiy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

In this podcast transcript, the founder of Blossom Essentials shares
their wins and losses via Facebook advertising, email marketing,
partnerships, and influencer marketing. They also stress the
importance of investing in a good content organization tool‚Äîit makes
repurposing content easier and more efficient. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

FREE SINGLE PAGE SEO AUDITOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jontyboshoff_try-the-one-page-seo-audit-tool-1-enter-activity-7114648130859479040-aSgp?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This AI and Python-powered tool provides SEO recommendations for a
single page. It‚Äôs useful for quickly analyzing and spotting issues
on high-priority pages. The report covers internal links,
accessibility, Core Web Vitals, and more. 

11 COLD EMAIL TEMPLATES SURE TO ATTRACT HOT LEADS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/cold-email-templates/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article provides guidance on writing effective cold emails. It
includes 11 pre-written cold email templates for various purposes,
such as guest post outreach, press outreach, link building, influencer
collaboration, and follow-up emails. The templates also offer tips on
personalization, clear value propositions, and strong calls to action
to improve the chances of getting a response from recipients. 

MAILCHIMP & CO BENCHMARK REPORT 2023 (30 MINUTE READ)
[https://mailchimp.com/andco/benchmark-report/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This report is a comprehensive collection of perspectives and feedback
from a global community of agencies and freelancers designed to help
marketers scale businesses and service clients efficiently. It covers
current marketing trends, insights on pricing services, and getting
new business leads. It is 63 pages long and requires an email for
download. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ADVERTORIALS VS. CONTENT MARKETING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/advertorials-bridge-storytelling-and-selling?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Hear.com uses advertorials to sell its hearing aid product via content
that reads like a news article. This tactic differs from content
marketing in its approach, intent, and presentation. Advertorials are
designed for an immediate sale, while content marketing prioritizes
value and relationship-building. 

MICROSOFT CEO: AI WILL MAKE GOOGLE MORE DOMINANT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/microsoft-ceo-ai-will-make-google-more-dominant-432733?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella believes that Google's dominant position
in the search engine market cannot be challenged due to its monopoly.
Nadella expressed skepticism about Google's argument that there is
actual choice in the search engine market and suggested that AI would
not provide an advantage to new entrants. He also raised concerns
about Google's exclusive content deals with publishers, which could
further solidify its dominance. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE PSYCHOLOGY OF THE PRATFALL EFFECT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://customercamp.co/pratfall-effect/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

There‚Äôs a difference between admitting the odd mistake vs.
perpetually messing up. The ‚Äòpratfall effect‚Äô only works if the
person or brand in question is already seen as skillful or an
above-average performer. 

5 MISTAKES THAT COST SIMPLE MODERN MILLIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jbryanporter_if-mistakes-are-tuition-weve-earned-a-masters-activity-7113591824182611968-8Hgg?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The co-founder of Simple Modern, a leading omnichannel drinkware and
CPG company, shares 5 mistakes that propelled them to national brand
status. 

ARE YOU UPDATING OLD BLOG CONTENT? (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/freddiechatt_stop-creating-new-blog-posts-take-a-activity-7113054736114675712-Oub_?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares easy steps in getting quicker blog traffic through
existing content optimization vs. only creating new content. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fb8583d2-61c7-11ee-b2d5-534ae1508b1d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696330838&t=1696331035&s=ad5046ea32684e759946f67686ae0a1a0537663f3ceca8fb4ffac92644c9c611].