# Articles TLDR Marketing 18-10-2023

Netflix has introduced new advertising opportunities¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d2a1024c-6d8a-11ee-9cc2-a7221ce9091d&pt=campaign&t=1697626997&s=d1076fded97c9799a9a5b4c1c3109cae87ba45fab30d45d58cfbc480914a9ffe]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-18

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 YOUTUBE ROLLING OUT STABLE VOLUME, YOU TAB, SONG SEARCH BY HUMMING,
AND MORE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/10/17/youtube-you-tab-stable-volume/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 YouTube is introducing updates including "stable volume" in the
mobile app to reduce fluctuations between videos, expanded preview
thumbnails, the ability to search for songs by singing or humming, and
the consolidation of the Library and Account page into a "You" tab. 

 NETFLIX EXPANDS ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITIES, ADDS LIVE SPORTS
SPONSORSHIPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/netflix-advertisers-nespresso-t-mobile-sponsorships/696868/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Netflix has introduced new advertising opportunities, including
single-title sponsorships of its shows and its first live sports event
sponsorship. It also revealed plans for a binge ad format, which will
include 30 or 60-second brand spots within viewers' binge-watching
sessions of multiple episodes. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 7 EMAIL CAMPAIGNS TO SEND ANYTIME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7120096470006956033/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 7 ideas to add to your email marketing calendar‚Äîfrom sharing
exclusive sneak peeks or team member interviews to breaking down your
product into its core benefits via an ‚ÄúIngredients‚Äù campaign. 

 5 TIPS TO WORKING WITH TIKTOK INFLUENCERS FOR B2B SAAS (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7120061395605356544/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This growth advisor shares 5 insights from working with TikTok
Influencers. TikTok remains an under-leveraged B2B channel. The
process of partnering with TikTok influencers continues to be very
manual, but the potential for virality is higher than starting a new
account if you‚Äôre only tapping into TikTok now. The CPM on TikTok is
also lower compared to YouTube and LinkedIn. 

 HOW TO INCREASE CONVERSION RATE AND REDUCED CPA ON TIKTOK ADS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/increase-conversion-rate-on-tiktok-ads-with-smart-targeting/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Smart Targeting for TikTok analyzes ad performance based on initial
manual targeting and identifies users outside of the audience that are
likely to convert. By switching to Smart Targeting for its TikTok ad
groups, a DTC brand increased its conversion rate by 23% and reduced
CPA by 30%. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 4 AI TOOLS TO CONDENSE TEXT, AUDIO, VIDEO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ai-tools-to-condense-text-audio-video?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This article describes 4 generative AI tools for analyzing and
summarizing content. Anthropic‚Äôs Claude summarizes or creates
glossaries from long and complicated PDF documents. Glasp summarizes
text from a web page by simply highlighting sections of the page.
Spext condenses and organizes audio and video. Spoke uses AI to
generate daily digests of Slack channels. 

 GEN Z PURCHASE HABITS DECODED FOR THE HOLIDAY SEASON (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/gen-z-purchase-habits-decoded-for?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A deep dive on Gen Z's online shopping habits with 15 marketing
strategies tailored to this demographic. Gen Zs are known for their
preference for sustainable brands, usage of mobile payment apps, and
an inclination to seek product information and recommendations through
social media and online influencers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY ARE SEARCH ENGINES BECOMING MORE SOCIABLE? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchenginehubbub.com/more/pov/why-are-search-engines-partnering-with-social-media-platforms/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The AI race continues to make search a more natural and intuitive
experience, something social is potentially better at. This explains
the recent surge in partnerships between search engines and social
media platforms. These collaborations aim to boost ad revenue and
create opportunities for advertisers while allowing search engines to
compete with social media platforms in ad formats. 

 4-STEP FRAMEWORK TO GET STARTED WITH PROGRAMMATIC SEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/boringmarketer/status/1714363522740531318/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Programmatic SEO consists of 3 components: an optimized page
template, a database of all the information, and a list of super long
tail keywords. This post breaks down the steps to achieve each
component, including the tools and plugins used. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 THE SCIENCE OF HOW OFTEN TO POST ON SOCIAL MEDIA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/how-often-to-post-on-social-media?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 45 social media posts per month is optimal for maximum
engagement‚Äîany more than that can lead to a decline in likes and
comments. 

 TWITTER COMMUNITY NOTES, GOOGLE ADS, AND LONG- VS SHORT-TERM (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://marketingbs.substack.com/p/twitter-community-notes-google-ads?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A deep dive into why Community Notes on ads have enough long-term
gain for X to make the short-term pain worth it. 

 50 AI PROMPTS FOR BETTER SOCIAL POSTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/50-prompts-for-better-ai-responses/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 50 AI prompt templates to kickstart your content marketing plans. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d2a1024c-6d8a-11ee-9cc2-a7221ce9091d&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697626828&t=1697626997&s=d110dce80f8b087bf50e11fe38ef5e4167129489ca7a3243fc101f2125064928].