# Articles TLDR Marketing 16-08-2023

X is sunsetting one of its oldest advertising features, Promoted
Accounts¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Jobs
[https://tldr.tech/talent]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=78b263a8-3c0b-11ee-9b76-bde2bcab8f05&pt=campaign&t=1692183819&s=65817fec23cb3c1d1850c118f4e8d14e0116853af7a0f2e1dcd78478b6b6e1d6]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-16

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X'S $100 MILLION A YEAR 'PROMOTED ACCOUNTS' AD FEATURE IS NO MORE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/x-twitter-ends-promoted-accounts-ads/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


X is sunsetting one of its oldest advertising features, Promoted
Accounts, which generates more than $100M per year in revenue. The
implications for users are small as these text-based ads don‚Äôt
directly promote any content. However, this may not be the case for
advertisers. The decision was not made by X's CEO, Linda Yaccarino,
but by Elon Musk and his product team. 

'SAMPLES' IS A NEW WAY TO DISCOVER YOUTUBE MUSIC'S DEEP LIBRARY, NOT
SHORTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/08/15/youtube-music-samples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


YouTube's music service is getting a major change. It is introducing a
new tab called 'Samples' where users will be able to see 30-second
videos cropped from high-quality content. The infinite feed is
personalized based on the music taste of the user. There are no ads on
Samples for now. 

MICROSOFT GIVES UNVERIFIED ADVERTISERS MORE TIME (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/microsoft-reverses-decision-ads-unverified-advertisers-430727/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Due to customer feedback, Microsoft is providing unverified
advertisers more time to complete its Advertiser Identity Verification
program to continue running ads. Ads will only be paused for
unverified advertisers if they are serving ads in the European
Economic Area, have been flagged as risky, or if their account was
previously suspended. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW I INCREASED ORGANIC SEARCH VISIBILITY BY 60% WITH 2 MOVES
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/briangormanh_how-did-i-increase-organic-search-visibility-activity-7097200283176325120-l0LF?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


It‚Äôs easy to get overwhelmed or lost in rabbit holes when facing a
website audit. In this article, Brian Gorman, VP of SEO at Go Fish
Digital, outlines his system for diagnosing traffic drops as well as
tactics used to recover traffic for a client. 

HOW TO GROW A CONTENT GARDEN (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7097341352652218369/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Sam Browne, an entrepreneur, shares a technique he uses called Content
Gardens to consistently create content that people love. He provides
examples of how a Sales Coach can create multiple Content Gardens to
generate over 100 pieces of content - a framework that can be adopted
by brands, content marketers, etc. 

HOW ANGI USES NEAR ME SEO TO DOMINATE THE $506B HOME SERVICES INDUSTRY
(9 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationinc.co/lab/angi-near-me-seo-strategy?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This case study explores how Angi excels at capturing traffic from
localized home services searches. With over 5.3 million organic
traffic visits, Angi's SEO success can be categorized into 5 pillars:
having a scalable website structure, relevant blog posts, website
design, being conversion-focused, and the use of programmatic SEO. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

TIKTOK UPDATES MARKETERS NEED TO KNOW ABOUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/tiktok-updates-marketers-need-to-know-about/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


5 relevant TikTok platform updates to note: users in the EU will soon
be able to turn off the recommendation algorithm, advertisers will
receive a new privacy tool to enable them to match their CRM info with
TikTok's audience insights, new sign-in options for users, expanded
caption length to 4,000 characters, and text posts. 

THE LATEST 2024 DIGITAL MARKETING TRENDS AND INNOVATIONS (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.smartinsights.com/digital-marketing-strategy/digital-strategy-development/digital-marketing-trends-2024/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This report contains interesting insights from a survey of over 400
marketers about the latest trends and technology. It provides a
benchmark to assess your current marketing across different topics
including capabilities, AI applications, personalization, and
targeting. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW GOOD IS YOUR WEBSITE AT GENERATING LEADS? 9 QUESTIONS TO UNCOVER
THE TRUTH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.square2marketing.com/blog/how-good-is-your-website-at-generating-leads-9-questions-to-uncover-the-truth?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


A website should be the focal point of your marketing, so it‚Äôs
critical to understand how well it converts and where those
conversions occur. This 9-question framework provides a structured
approach to understanding how well your website performs and what your
next steps should be. 

AS WORLD CUP BREAKS RECORD, ADIDAS, NIKE NAVIGATE BUMPS IN RETAIL
DEMAND (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://brandequity.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/marketing/as-world-cup-breaks-records-adidas-nike-navigate-bumps-in-retail-demand/102738740?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Total sponsorship from major retailers reached $349 million in the
Women's World Cup, with many brands trying to align themselves with
women's empowerment themes. However, some companies, including Nike
and Adidas, faced criticism for what was perceived as an opportunistic
marketing move instead of sincere support for the cause. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

RITZ-CARLTON REVAMPS DIGITAL EXPERIENCE TO REFLECT ‚ÄòFRESH ERA‚Äô FOR
THE BRAND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/ritz-carlton-website-refresh/690931/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The comprehensive redesign includes new features such as destination
pages reimagined as travel guides with immersive visuals. 

DON‚ÄôT MISSPELL YOUR BRAND NAME (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/dont-use-misspelled-brand-names?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Many startups use creatively misspelled names but it‚Äôs something to
generally avoid. Research shows people are 34% more likely to buy from
a startup if the brand name is grammatically correct (e.g. Lift)
rather than intentionally misspelled (e.g. Lyft). 

GOOGLE: WE DON'T USE THIRD-PARTY SEO TOOL SCORES FOR RANKINGS (2
MINUTE READ) [https://bit.ly/3KHnHKM] 

Google states that it does not consider scores about a website from
external SEO tools when defining its rank on the results page.
However, that does not mean they are all useless as they can be
helpful to improve performance and user experience. 

TLDR TALENT [https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3] is our
exclusive community where we help world-class tech talent and get
intros to companies of their choice, along with a number of exciting
startups and tech companies curated by TLDR.

We give you full control of the process, you can specify if you‚Äôre
actively searching or passively interested only if something amazing
comes along. Set your preferred compensation, seniority/title/role,
specific companies (or types of companies) you‚Äôd like to work for
and more. CLICK HERE TO APPLY
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/rSL4lOH3].

If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=78b263a8-3c0b-11ee-9b76-bde2bcab8f05&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692183619&t=1692183819&s=748a48183ff33b055a61d07a61a1fd6e267662e7ade508fffa220a2050c811cf].