# Articles TLDR Marketing 28-09-2023

At least 26 of the top 100 most popular websites‚Äîand 242 of the top
1000‚Äîare now blocking OpenAI‚Äôs web crawler¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=417ad338-5dd1-11ee-9299-8bd9695bcd30&pt=campaign&t=1695899021&s=a50a7aad8141d3494ffe6d616f99381ff2097ffa401f235accacd389c891922b]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-28

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

META: INTRODUCING NEW AI EXPERIENCES ACROSS OUR FAMILY OF APPS AND
DEVICES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://about.fb.com/news/2023/09/introducing-ai-powered-assistants-characters-and-creative-tools/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta‚Äôs push on generative AI was ever so evident at its 2023 Connect
conference. The company unveiled several new AI and VR tools,
including an AI chat assistant available in different celebrity
voices, new AI image editing tools on Instagram, generative AI
stickers, and a new AI studio that allows businesses to create their
own AI engagement systems to reflect their own branding. 

X MAY BE DEVELOPING AN AD FREE VERSION OF ITS PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION
PACKAGE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-may-be-developing-an-ad-free-version-of-its-premium-subscription-package/694998/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X may soon charge a different rate for users to remove ads from their
main timeline entirely. The app currently generates around $12 USD per
user per month based on ad exposure alone. This means an ad-free tier
would likely be more expensive than the current $8 X Premium plan.
0.5% of X‚Äôs user base is currently paying to use the app. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

9 ULTIMATE GROWTH HACKING STRATEGIES + EXAMPLES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/growth-hacking-strategies?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Growth hacking involves quickly testing various marketing techniques
to identify opportunities for rapid expansion. This article contains 9
strategies for growth hacking, including referral marketing, content
marketing to convey product value, influencer outreach for brand
awareness, and building pre-launch email lists. 

THE T-SHAPED POSITIONING FRAMEWORK CAPTURES ALL OF YOUR BRAND‚ÄôS
UNIQUE VALUE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jonitkin_t-shaped-positioning-activity-7112821788903882752-WugE?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Most positioning exercises focus on the functional advantages of a
particular product vs. the competition. The T-Shaped framework goes
further. It expands the concept of advantages into 3 buckets: unique
functional value, added convenience, and brand value. This post
explains each element in more detail and provides examples of how all
3 together translate into a stronger strategy. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GROWTH EXPERIMENTS: A SIMPLE FRAMEWORK TO BUILD THEM (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegrowthmind.substack.com/p/growth-experiments-a-simple-framework?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Conducting growth experiments without a clear structure and process
can get messy. This guide covers a framework for planning, executing,
and learning from growth experiments. A ‚ÄúGrowth Hacking Process‚Äù
Notion template is available. 

SPOTIFY: INTRODUCING VOICE TRANSLATION FOR PODCASTERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsroom.spotify.com/2023-09-25/ai-voice-translation-pilot-lex-fridman-dax-shepard-steven-bartlett/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Spotify has started piloting Voice Translation for podcasts, a feature
powered by AI that translates podcasters‚Äô voices into Spanish,
French, and German. It's aiming to expand access to more creators and
languages in the near future. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

IS YOUR INTERNATIONAL GROWTH STRATEGY A HOT MESS? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/is-your-international-growth-strategy?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Companies see internationalization as an exciting growth initiative,
only to receive a disappointing lack of impact from it. This is often
due to a lack of adequate preparation and not fully understanding the
new markets. This guide includes several best practices for
international growth, including rethinking product-market fit in each
new market, building a cross-functional team that owns multiple levers
along the user journey, and starting with a small set of tier 1
markets before expanding further. 

TOP 5 GAME-CHANGING INFLUENCER CAMPAIGNS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://adage.com/article/digital-marketing/top-5-game-changing-influencer-campaigns/2516221?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article analyzes 5 great influencer campaigns from Toyota,
McDonald‚Äôs, Hilton, Essence, and TIAA. It brings a detailed
behind-the-scenes look into what made them successful, looks at key
metrics, and shares best practices from the campaigns. 

BEST PRACTICES FOR OUTSOURCING CONTENT WRITING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblogsmith.com/blog/how-to-outsource-content-writing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The Content Marketing Institute shares that 57% of the top content
marketing performers rely on content outsourcing. However, 65% of B2B
marketers struggle to find partners with adequate topical expertise.
This guide covers platforms to source content partners from, best
practices for onboarding, and how to provide feedback to ensure high
quality of work is maintained. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

26% OF THE TOP 100 WEBSITES ARE NOW BLOCKING GPTBOT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/more-popular-websites-blocking-gptbot-432531?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

At least 26 of the top 100 most popular websites‚Äîand 242 of the top
1000‚Äîare now blocking OpenAI‚Äôs web crawler, including Stack
Exchange, Pinterest, and Indeed. 

PROS/CONS OF WHITELISTING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/abramsjake_everybody-in-dtc-is-hyping-up-whitelisting-activity-7112416786246955011-RXGx?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares 5 different types of whitelisting for
direct-to-consumer brands and provides the pros and cons of each
option. 

IMPACT OF META BLOCKING NEWS IN CANADA FOR 1+ MONTH (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/marissa-cristiano-b7497b68_meta-billc18-policy-activity-7112812511032197121-JoKC?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta‚Äôs usage numbers have not been impacted by the blocking of news
in Canada. However, publishers are seeing a decline in referral
traffic and revenue. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=417ad338-5dd1-11ee-9299-8bd9695bcd30&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695898818&t=1695899021&s=ffa64cb6f8d97619c5e3c55e4a71182114ace0710ca5dca78bbae00bd3c91402].