# Articles TLDR Marketing 23-08-2023

Companies using gamification for customer engagement are 7 times more
profitable.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5f3465d0-419b-11ee-9fe1-bb8c46f4f445&pt=campaign&t=1692788627&s=669a2716d371593e134cd5e7270d2ee87af04feae42802e20242dc5718f37ceb]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-23

REACH AN AUDIENCE OF TECHNICAL DECISION MAKERS (TLDR ADVERTISING)
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]

Looking for a new marketing channel to reach founders, executives, and
engineers?
It's never been easier to get your product in front of technical
decision makers. Learn more.
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE RELEASES AUGUST 2023 BROAD CORE UPDATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-releases-august-2023-broad-core-update-431043?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Search algorithm updates can cause SEO rankings to noticeably change -
website owners should not make drastic changes if they see their
rankings decline. 

EU USERS WILL SOON BE ABLE TO OPT OUT OF ALGORITHMIC SORTING ON
FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/eu-users-will-soon-be-able-to-opt-out-of-algorithmic-sorting-on-facebook-an/691567/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta users in the EU will be able to opt for a chronologically ordered
feed that only includes content from users they follow. Search results
will also exclude personalized results based on user activity. Meta is
also expanding its EU Ads Library to include run dates and the
specific targeting parameters used. 

TRENDS THAT BRANDS SHOULD KEEP TABS ON FOR THE REST OF THE YEAR (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/22/trends-that-brands-should-keep-tabs-on-for-the-rest-of-the-year/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article highlights influential shifts, including redefined luxury
exclusivity driven by fandom communities, the rise of AI-generated
content shaping perception of reality, and the adoption of ‚Äúpop
culture nihilism‚Äù for coping with dark times. Brands are advised to
adjust their VIP experiences, use AI transparently, and incorporate
dark humor to align with evolving consumer needs. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

GAMIFICATION STRATEGIES TO ENGAGE AND RETAIN USERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.inturact.com/blog/gamification-strategies-to-engage-and-retain-users?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Companies using gamification for customer engagement are 7 times more
profitable. Strategies to increase user retention include creating fun
loyalty games, offering attractive rewards, and integrating social
features. 

BALANCING BRAND AND PERFORMANCE MARKETING: DON‚ÄôT FALL FOR THE
‚ÄúSOFT‚Äù INVESTMENT FALLACY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/brand-performance-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Businesses often fall into the trap of prioritizing performance over
brand marketing during economic uncertainties. This article emphasizes
the importance of building sustainable growth by nurturing a brand‚Äôs
identity and reputation. 

MAINTAINING PRODUCT MARKET FIT ON A WINDY ROAD (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://angelasanturbano.substack.com/p/maintaining-product-market-fit-on/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Achieving product market fit requires a constant adaptation to
customer needs and market dynamics. This involves understanding if a
product remains relevant to customers, assessing marketing changes,
and refining product positioning to meet shifting demands. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GOOGLE ADS DEMAND GEN CAMPAIGNS: WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT THE DISCOVERY ADS
UPGRADE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/08/22/demand-gen-campaigns?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Demand Gen campaigns will replace Google Discovery Ads later this
year, which are both designed to reach users who aren‚Äôt searching
for a brand. This article explains the added features Demand Gen
campaigns will have, including new YouTube formats, experimentation
tools, and new bidding options. 

TOOLS TO MONITOR COMPETITORS‚Äô ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/tools-to-monitor-competitors-ads?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok, Meta, Google, and LinkedIn offer free tools to view competitor
ads, including some performance data. These tools provide insight into
ad creative, video formats, ad copy, and call-to-action messaging.
Paid tools, such as Semrush and Similarweb, provide additional
performance detail. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

YOUTUBE UPDATES THAT AFFECT MARKETERS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/youtube-updates-that-affect-marketers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

5 recent changes on YouTube include AI-generated summaries for
viewers, removal of clickable links in Shorts descriptions and
comments, easier channel management, additional insights added to
YouTube Analytics, and viewer-curated YouTube Shorts playlists. 

FUTURE PROOFING YOUR CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT STACK (28 MINUTE READ)
[https://segment.com/good-data-better-marketing/future-proofing-your-customer-engagement-stack/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

In this podcast transcript, Chad Hacker, VP of Consumer and Digital
Marketing at Allergan Aesthetics talks about the changing landscape of
data privacy, AI targeting on digital platforms, and creating
meaningful app experiences. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 OF THE GREATEST HEADLINES EVER WRITTEN (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/shlomogenchin_i-turned-my-wall-into-a-swipe-file-here-activity-7099663209279713280-umrH?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post explains the writing techniques behind the greatest
marketing headlines from 8 brands. 

HOW PALLYY REACHED 3 MILLION VISITORS (X THREAD)
[https://twitter.com/Timb03/status/1693831812014084554?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This thread shows a timeline of how Pallyy took 4 years to reach 3
million visitors, including tactics used and when. 

WHAT IS FRIEND.TECH, THE VIRAL CRYPTO SOCIAL MEDIA APP? (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/what-is-friend-tech-viral-social-crypto-app?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This crypto mobile app that garnered 101k users in under 2 weeks has
many critics claiming it‚Äôs a scam. 

8 QUESTIONS TO ASK ABOUT YOUR OWN PRODUCT (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/wesbush_productledgrowth-activity-7095712953265504256-6MnP/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A checklist of 8 questions to ensure your product is enticing for
users to purchase or sign up for. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5f3465d0-419b-11ee-9fe1-bb8c46f4f445&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692788420&t=1692788627&s=d5da4ff56bfc8d61144a28e6987965df417504e3555273718b22efe50cf64521].