# Articles TLDR Marketing 25-10-2023

Publishers‚Äô concerns with SGE boil down to a key point¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=cf81d902-7315-11ee-b7a2-77be995fd43c&pt=campaign&t=1698231803&s=cb32183e2715eaaaa0e3e376377d269891717d9bc984c8b2b61cfe6005581a80]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-25

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 AS GOOGLE PUSHES DEEPER INTO AI, PUBLISHERS SEE FRESH CHALLENGES (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.reuters.com/technology/google-pushes-deeper-into-ai-publishers-see-fresh-challenges-2023-10-19/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Publishers‚Äô concerns with SGE boil down to a key point‚ÄîGoogle
crawling content for free to create summaries that users may read
instead of clicking on their links. The new tool doesn‚Äôt allow
publishers to block their content from being crawled for SGE. Google
says it‚Äôs working to develop a better understanding of the business
model of generative AI applications and get input from publishers and
users. 

 STUDY: BLOGS APPEAR MOST OFTEN IN TOP GOOGLE POSITIONS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/blogs-top-google-positions-study-433630?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Blog posts are the most prevalent content type in the top 10
positions of Google Search, excluding home pages. Moreover, 54% of
people read a blog post at least once per week. Brands should
implement a robust blogging strategy to capture organic traffic. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 START-UP GROWTH LESSONS FROM AIRBNB (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/orengreenberg_marketing-startups-strategy-activity-7122114355168464896--UzU?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Airbnb's remarkable growth, with an 18% YoY increase in revenue, is
the result of a well-executed strategy. The key marketing elements
that contributed to its success are well-defined key personas, a
unique brand identity, high-volume of user-generated content, and an
optimized advertising performance achieved through exhaustive
experimentation. 

 HOW GROOVE INCREASED ANNUAL PLAN UPGRADES BY 10X WITH A POP-UP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/increase-annual-upgrades-with-a-popup/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Groove increased annual plan upgrades by 10X by creating a popup in
the billing section of its app. The popup outlined the savings
compared to the monthly and annual plans and invited users to upgrade.
Groove found that getting users on its annual plan earned upfront
revenue and increased customer retention. 

 11 KEY DAYS OF THIS HOLIDAY SEASON (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/11-key-days-of-this-holiday-season?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Planning marketing campaigns around holiday dates can help drive more
sales. This guide includes 11 dates to plan for in the coming months,
as well as tips for each one. These include Nov 11 (Singles Day), Nov
26 (Small Business Saturday), and Dec 17 (Super Saturday). 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 WORKMAGIC WANTS TO AUTOMATE ALL THE MARKETING TASKS FOR SHOPIFY
SELLERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/24/workmagic-wants-to-automate-marketing-for-shopify-sellers]


 WorkMagic offers a full-stack platform that handles everything from
image and copy generation to campaign management and attribution
analytics. It‚Äôs being positioned as an ‚Äúempowering‚Äù tool for
Shopify sellers, enabling people to run one-person shops. The startup
is targeting small merchants with an annual gross merchandise value of
less than $1 million, while its attribution models aim to help bigger
brands increase their media budget efficiency. 

 PEBBLE, THE TWITTER ALTERNATIVE PREVIOUSLY KNOWN AS T2, IS SHUTTING
DOWN (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/24/pebble-the-twitter-alternative-previously-known-as-t2-is-closing-down/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Pebble is shutting down on November 1st. The company differentiated
itself from other microblogging platforms by prioritizing trust,
safety, and moderation. However, the founders believe that their
positioning may have contributed to a lack of traction, along with not
having a native mobile app and rebranding from T2 to Pebble. Pebble
will not be directing users back to X or any other social network
after their shutdown. 

 MACHINE LEARNING AND MARKETING: TOOLS, EXAMPLES, AND TIPS MOST TEAMS
CAN USE (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/machine-learning-and-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Machine learning (ML) has the potential to enhance various marketing
aspects, such as customer sentiment analysis, personalization, content
distribution, ad targeting, and A/B testing. This article provides 15
real-world examples of companies that benefited from ML in their
marketing strategy, including Amazon, Netflix, and Spotify. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE BIG IMPACT OF A SINGLE NEGATIVE REVIEW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://tips.ariyh.com/p/the-big-impact-of-one-negative-review?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 People are 42% less likely to buy a product if they see one or more
negative reviews, even if the average review score is excellent. A
best practice is to not show negative reviews among the most visible
reviews and to update the rules of which reviews you show first. 

 UNLOCKING CREATIVITY: YOUR GUIDE TO CONTENT IDEATION (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationinc.co/lab/unlocking-creativity?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This article explores the art of content ideation and offers
practical advice on how to source ideas. It highlights industry news
and trends, team brainstorming sessions, and competitors' moves as
potential sources for inspiration. To strategize content, find a
strong theme you can speak with authority and nail the timing while
adapting to context changes. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 2024‚ÄôS B2B MARKETING PLAYBOOK REVAMP (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-herubel-540b3949_2023-massive-shift-in-b2b-marketing-2024-activity-7122491924900450304-TVcE?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A breakdown of a B2B marketing playbook for early and growth-stage
startups that focuses on content, social selling, paid ads, and ABM
outbound. 

 SEO FOR SGE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/seo-for-sge?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Optimizing for organic search is largely unchanged despite Google‚Äôs
Search Generative Experience features, but marketers should understand
how content gets populated by AI. 

 GOOGLE FALSELY FLAGS SAMSUNG APPS AS ‚ÄúHARMFUL,‚Äù TELLS USERS TO
REMOVE THEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/10/google-falsely-flags-samsung-apps-as-harmful-tells-users-to-remove-them/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google Play Protect mistakenly flagged Samsung's system apps Samsung
Wallet and Samsung Messages as harmful, prompting warnings for users
to remove them. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=cf81d902-7315-11ee-b7a2-77be995fd43c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698231619&t=1698231803&s=d1d30241a7591d031c34285cd150b2569a2d0b68bdd059efc790ec867cb2359a].


¬†