# Articles TLDR Marketing 20-10-2023

In Q3 2023, the average American smartphone user spent 4 hours a day
in apps.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=df9b9772-6f20-11ee-9864-25cb1041bba9&pt=campaign&t=1697799799&s=836395dcac8aecb9c4470204cd54cceeefcdb35a216431aba52d200a81fa11de]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-20

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 META EXPANDS BROADCAST CHANNELS TO FACEBOOK AND MESSENGER (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-expands-broadcast-channels-to-facebook-messenger/697078/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Broadcast channels is a one-way group chat option that enables users
to follow brands and creators and see updates via DM. It worked well
on Instagram, so Meta is now extending the option to Facebook and
Messenger as another opportunity to facilitate direct engagement with
dedicated audiences. 

 ELON MUSK CONSIDERS A PETTY MOVE TO ESCAPE EU DISINFORMATION SCRUTINY
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/elon-musk-considering-pulling-x-out-of-eu-report?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Elon Musk is reportedly considering pulling X out of the EU due to
his frustration with DSA. The platform is designated by the regulation
as a "Very Large Online Platform" and holds them legally responsible
for user-generated content with fines of up to 6% of the global
revenue. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 INCREASE PURCHASE RATE WITH SEGMENTED WELCOME EMAILS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/improve-conversion-rate-for-welcome-email-flows/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A skincare brand added multiple-choice questions to their existing
website popup form and segmented their welcome emails accordingly. The
email flows were designed to be a more relevant customer experience
for each audience segment. This resulted in a 280% increase in email
click rate and a 200% increase in purchase rate. 

 BOOTSTRAPPING A $30 MILLION DOLLAR COMPANY: THE STRATEGIES BEHIND OUR
DECADE OF GROWTH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/bootstrapping-growth/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 GreenPal is a company that aims to be the Uber for lawn care. It grew
steadily over a decade, recently hitting $30M in revenue. GreenPal
initially targeted its customers through manual efforts, prioritized
understanding its customer base, and improved SEO for visibility.
Later, it focused on maintaining momentum and scaling the business
through tactics such as influencer campaigns and geographic expansion.


 7 TECHNIQUES FOR CRAFTING POWERFUL HEADLINES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chasedimond_copywriters-heres-a-table-with-7-techniques-activity-7120611206205173761-y2Zl?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Techniques for writing effective headlines include asking a question,
using power words or authentic praise to draw interest, and intriguing
readers with incomplete info. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 GOOGLE‚ÄôS SITE OPERATOR IS A TOP SEO TOOL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/googles-site-operator-is-a-top-seo-tool?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google‚Äôs ‚Äòsite:‚Äô operator limits search results to a single
domain. This tool enables you to find internal pages to link to,
identify URLs that shouldn‚Äôt be indexed, access Google‚Äôs cache,
preview a domain‚Äôs search snippets, and find outdated pages to
update. 

 TOFU AUTOMATES CONTENT CREATION FOR B2B MARKETING CAMPAIGNS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/19/tofu/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

 Tofu‚Äîshort for top of funnel‚Äîis currently in beta mode for
enterprise customers. It‚Äôs a generative AI-based platform that
creates content for large-scale omnichannel B2B campaigns. Tofu seeks
to replace all the different tools teams use for content and serve as
a unified platform for marketing teams. 

 TAKEAWAYS FROM DATA.AI‚ÄôS Q3 2023 MOBILE PULSE REPORT (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.data.ai/en/insights/market-data/q3-2023-regional-market-pulse/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 In Q3 2023, the average American smartphone user spent 4 hours a day
in apps. Indonesia led the way with more than 6 hours a day, followed
by Thailand (5.7 hours) and India (5.2 hours). Threads was the #1
downloaded app worldwide, while ChatGPT and Remini ranked second and
third in the US, Canada, and Brazil. Sports and fitness apps were on
the rise and appeared in the top 10 apps QoQ by consumer spend growth.


üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 YOUR MESSAGING COMPLETELY HINGES ON HOW YOU FRAME THE CUSTOMER‚ÄôS
PROBLEM (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/heyrobk_your-product-messaging-completely-hinges-activity-7120423149246058496-0oQg?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Considering only one customer problem or identifying the wrong
problem will lead to lower-quality product messaging. Instead, find
the right problem framing that aligns best to your product‚Äôs
differentiation. Even with the same user persona and use case, the
problem framing ultimately changes how you explain your product‚Äôs
value proposition. 

 EVERYTHING MARKETERS NEED TO KNOW ABOUT APPLE IOS 17 (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.litmus.com/blog/new-apple-ios-17/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Apple launched iOS 17 on September 18, 2023. The release had
marketers scrambling due to Apple‚Äôs Link Tracking Protection (LTP)
feature. This post dives into Apple‚Äôs LTP and shares how iOS 17
changes how emails render and what steps to take next. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 GOOGLE ADS ROLLS OUT STRICTER REQUIREMENTS FOR NEW CERTIFICATIONS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-ads-requirements-new-certifications-433508?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Before taking any of the new Google Ads exams, you need to provide a
picture of your ID, a picture of your face, and a video of your
test-taking environment. 

 WHY DOLLAR SHAVE CLUB CUT ITS HOMEGROWN ECOMMERCE SYSTEM (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://martech.org/why-dollar-shave-club-cut-its-homegrown-ecommerce-system/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Dollar Shave Club migrated over 1 million subscribers to a new system
made up of Shopify Plus, Ordergroove, Gorgias, and Klaviyo. 

 AGING A WOMAN FROM 5 TO 95 YEARS OLD USING AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ruben-hassid_artificialintelligence-midjourney-technology-activity-7120727952366944256-egig?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post shares the steps used to create a clip of a woman aging 90
years over 47 seconds via Midjourney and Runway. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=df9b9772-6f20-11ee-9864-25cb1041bba9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697799632&t=1697799799&s=3d002f082c9c0c86a62cf6cd7cf73fabbe248cfbbb92de666a42f1c7506dc33b].