# Articles TLDR Marketing 27-09-2023

You can boost LTV with minimal effort by pricing your 12-month plan
slightly more than your average LTV for monthly users.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9181e792-5d11-11ee-b348-af808f273a76&pt=campaign&t=1695812634&s=49f4c7aadf35d8b124cf955e09fb9ff8a9e118cbce1d664e13c324425e66a7cc]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-27

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

SOCIAL APPS CONTINUE TO FACE CHALLENGES IN IMPLEMENTING SHOPPING (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/social-apps-continue-to-face-challenges-in-implementing-shopping-underlini/694851/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok hasn‚Äôt yet been able to gain traction for its in-stream shops
and sales promotions in Western markets. Despite promising growth in
Asian countries, the app now faces challenges due to the Indonesian
Government moving to ban the sale of goods on social media. If this
trend continues, it could limit the ambitions of TikTok as well as
Elon Musk‚Äôs ‚Äúeverything app‚Äù. 

X IS WORST FOR DISINFORMATION, PER EU ANALYSIS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/26/x-failing-eu-disinformation/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The European Union has criticized X for having the worst ratio of
disinformation to legitimate content among mainstream social networks.
This assessment was made during the testing phase of a new methodology
aimed at combating disinformation. X has faced criticism for
facilitating the spread of Kremlin propaganda and removing labels
denoting state-affiliated media accounts, leading to a surge in
propaganda. In the past, toxicity and harmful disinformation on X
encouraged an advertiser exodus. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

COPY THIS SEO & CRO FRAMEWORK TO TURN ANY FEATURE PAGE INTO A REVENUE
MACHINE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jessjoyce_copy-my-tested-seo-cro-framework-to-turn-activity-7112451584336293892-tFAS/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide includes 13 high-priority items to include on your
brand‚Äôs use case or feature pages. The author used this structure to
scale a SaaS from 100k users to 250k users within a year. The
framework includes items such as breadcrumbs, an above-the-fold
positioning statement, and an internal linking module to other
resources/tools. 

HOW TO ADD AWKWARD KEYWORDS TO YOUR SEO CONTENT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theblogsmith.com/blog/how-to-use-awkward-keywords/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Sometimes you run into awkward keywords or phrases that may be
challenging to integrate naturally into a sentence. This guide
provides 6 tips on how to work with awkward keywords without
negatively impacting the human readers‚Äô experience and affecting
SERP results. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

AI EMAIL SUBJECT LINE GENERATOR (TOOL)
[https://vibetrace.com/email-subject-lines-generator/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Vibetrace has implemented an email subject line generator into its
website, powered by OpenAI. It evaluates the length of subject lines
and provides suggestions for subject lines and preheaders. The more
details you feed into it, the better the suggestions will be. 

HOW TO FIND AND EVALUATE TIKTOK INFLUENCERS ON BUZZSUMO (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://buzzsumo.com/blog/tiktok-influencer-search-tool/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Buzzsumo‚Äôs TikTok Influencer Search tool allows you to find accounts
based on keywords in recent posts or their bio, follower count, like
count, and more. This is valuable when seeking out potential
influencer marketing opportunities. Additionally, BuzzSumo's Chrome
Extension enables you to see stats for the TikTok account you‚Äôre
viewing. 

SURVEYMONKEY LAUNCHES NEW TOOL TO CREATE WEB FORMS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.org/surveymonkey-launches-new-forms-solution/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

SurveyMonkey Forms allow users to create web forms using pre-built
templates, customizable fields, and integrations with Zapier and
Mailchimp. It also supports web embedding and workflow automation.
Forms will be available in all paid SurveyMonkey plans at no extra
charge and will also be offered as a standalone tool. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW RUOKABOKSI DECREASED THEIR DROP-OFF RATE BY 18% WITH CLEARER CTA
TEXT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/how-ruokaboksi-decreased-drop-off-rate/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This meal-kit subscription service decreased its drop-off rate by 18%
by making its CTA button text specific to the trial offer. The team
had noticed a drop-off rate of 49% at the final step of their paid
traffic funnel where the user confirms their order. They changed the
CTA from ‚ÄúConfirm order at a discount‚Äù to ‚ÄúConfirm trial box
order,‚Äù which removed hesitations about getting locked into a fixed
period or subscription. This ultimately reduced the drop-off rate to
40% and in turn reduced CAC. 

UNINTENDED LESSONS FROM MASTERCLASS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/marketingbs/p/unintended-lessons-from-masterclass?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article discusses the challenges faced by MasterClass, an online
learning platform. Even though MasterClass excels in marketing and
content production, drawing in high-profile instructors and delivering
engaging lessons, it is having trouble sustaining growth and lowering
its high churn rate. Despite having a good product-market fit, it was
not successfully transitioning from B2C to B2B. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW CODEACADEMY BOOSTED LTV WITH A SIMPLE PRICING TRICK (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/layfield_all-subscription-companies-eventually-figure-activity-7112409234427842560-WoYP?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

You can boost LTV with minimal effort by pricing your 12-month plan
slightly more than your average LTV for monthly users. 

HIGH-CONVERTING COPY IS SIMPLE, NOT EASY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chasedimond_5-visual-copywriting-tips-you-need-to-learn-activity-7112476071974903809-AERd?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

5 visuals that‚Äôll teach you more about copywriting than your college
writing class ever did. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9181e792-5d11-11ee-b348-af808f273a76&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695812437&t=1695812634&s=ae44846d491f1b61a38717bf5ee21d287b24fa33e7ae5c74760a1e3b9dc281b0].