# Articles TLDR Marketing 24-08-2023

Major algorithm update announcements from Google have slowed down
while rankings volitility has gone up¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9a2047b4-4253-11ee-bffb-e75a1afbfcc4&pt=campaign&t=1692875022&s=d3feae658b98e051741c4bf54ecf999dbfdb00f4aef6c7d749934db71fc94506]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-24

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

SEO MEGA TREND ALERT: CONTINUOUS, AI-BASED ALGORITHM UPDATES (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kylebyers_important-mega-trend-alert-continuous-activity-7100045007352463361-_oQS/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Major algorithm update announcements from Google have slowed down
while rankings volitility has gone up, which means Google is making a
lot of changes to SEO they aren't announcing. Search engines are
relying more on constant AI-generated algorithm updates, causing
marketers to adopt unrelenting digital strategies. 

META ADDS BRANDED CONTENT CAMPAIGN OVERSIGHT INTO ITS ADS LIBRARY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/meta-adds-branded-content-campaign-oversight-into-its-ads-library/691703/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Marketers can now see which influencers and creators competitors are
partnering with across Facebook and Instagram and how often they‚Äôre
running paid partnerships. This feature is accessible from Ads Library
and includes a search tool to look into campaigns that use Meta‚Äôs
Branded Content tags. 

X OFFERS BUSINESSES $250 IN AD CREDITS TO WIN BACK SMBS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-offers-businesses-250-in-ad-credits-to-win-back-smbs/691707/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


X is offering $250 in ad credit for any SMB that spends $1,000 or more
on X ads over the next month. Many big brands are gradually resuming
their regular X spend, although over a third of major partners are
still holding off. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

19 EMAIL MARKETING MISTAKES THAT AFFECT OPEN, CLICK, CONVERSION RATES
(20 MINUTE READ) [https://bit.ly/44myBwf] 

Common mistakes that may cause email marketing campaigns to fail
include not clearly defining the purpose of the email, planning only
sales-focused emails, and stacking too many CTAs. 

ANALYZING BACKLINKS: THE KEY TO SEO SUCCESS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationinc.co/lab/analyzing-backlinks-seo-success?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Backlink analysis involves examining the number, quality, diversity,
and anchor text of external links pointing to a website. High quality
backlinks typically have editorial context, authority, relevance,
natural link patterns, and social signals. This post outlines how to
analyze your backlink profile as well as strategies to build links. 

HOW TO INCREASE WEBSITE SPEED: AN ECOMMERCE GUIDE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.groovecommerce.com/ecommerce-blog/how-to-increase-website-speed-an-ecommerce-guide?urm_source=tldrmarketing]


Slow load times directly increase bounce rates and have a negative
impact on SEO. This article explains ways to improve site speed,
including image optimization, caching, minimizing redirects, and more.


üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

DETAILED Q: ANALYZING THE SEO PLAYBOOK OF DIGITAL GOLIATHS IN-DEPTH,
EVERY QUARTER (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://detailed.com/q1/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

This playbook contains 44 insights from companies dominating search
results and the changes they made in the last quarter. It covers SEO
updates from Time.com, Tech Radar, The Wall Street Journal, LifeHack,
and many others. 

HOW AI MAKES ANY MARKETING TASK MORE PRODUCTIVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/ai/how-ai-makes-any-marketing-task-more-productive/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


7 ways AI can be used to optimize marketing tasks include creating a
brand identity, brainstorming ideas, generating textual and visual
content, writing PPC ads, emails, or social media replies, and keeping
data safe. 

EMAIL MARKETING LIFECYCLE, BEST PRACTICES, & TOOLS (X POST)
[https://twitter.com/ecomchasedimond/status/1694474083155787802/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post shares a table outlining email tool/platform suggestions and
best practices for every email stage, including segmentation, A/B
testing, automation, analytics, and more. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE POWER OF COLOR IN UX (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-power-of-colour-in-ux-1748c16491f3] 

This is a deep dive into the world of color in emotional design. It
explores the psychology of color, how it paints user perceptions, and
how strategic color combinations can be used to create impactful user
experiences. Examples of how Asana, Airbnb, Trello, and Pinterest use
strategic color schemes in their products are shared. 

10+ BOOK IDEAS (& EXERCISES) TO UNLOCK YOUR STORYTELLING GENIUS (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://smartblogger.com/book-ideas/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

Like book writers, marketers also often hit a wall when writing
marketing content. This post shares strategies and exercises authors
use to generate book ideas that marketers can adopt. For instance,
getting inspiration through mind mapping, dialogue observations,
photographic inspiration, and character interviews. 

BATH & BODY WORKS LOYALTY MEMBERS NOW MAKE UP 75% OF US SALES (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/bath-body-works-loyalty-program-members-three-quarters-sales-earnings/691637/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Bath & Body Works' customer loyalty program has grown to 38 million
members in one year. The brand has several other growth initiatives
underway, including in-store pickup for online orders, a new men's
grooming line, an upcoming laundry line, and increasing its off-mall
store footprint. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

VIBES OR KPIS? (X POST)
[https://twitter.com/amandanat/status/1694379062008123514/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post eloquently describes the difference between marketing
intuition and measurable KPIs. 

MARKETERS HAVE PULLED BACK ON GROWTH STRATEGIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/23/marketers-have-pulled-back-on-growth-strategies-report-says?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The number of marketers using growth strategies declined 40% compared
to last year due to current economic conditions. 

TIKTOK PLANS TO BAN LINKS TO OUTSIDE E-COMMERCE SITES LIKE AMAZON (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/23/tiktok-plans-ban-links-outside-e-commerce-sites-like-amazon-new-report-claims/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The reported move is seen as a way for the company to force users to
use TikTok Shop to purchase an item they see on the app. 

SNAP ANNOUNCES NEW MEASURES TO COMPLY WITH THE EU DIGITAL SERVICES ACT
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/snap-announces-new-measures-to-comply-with-the-eu-digital-services-act/691710/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Snapchat will allow EU users to opt out of algorithmic personalization
and provide an EU ads library similar to that of Facebook. 

ONE BIG SUBWAY CHALLENGE: ITS ONLINE REPUTATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.restaurantbusinessonline.com/marketing/one-big-subway-challenge-its-online-reputation?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Subway has the worst-ranked online reputation among fast-food chains,
which is a problem as more consumers order their meals through digital
channels. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9a2047b4-4253-11ee-bffb-e75a1afbfcc4&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692874821&t=1692875022&s=6fd5506f89c9e205e2f298d87b856a33e8321cdf0e23ea4312d9993b3fdf2b72].