# Articles TLDR Marketing 05-10-2023

A North Star Metric is a single metric meant to create focus, but it
is commonly misidentified.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fa390620-6352-11ee-8253-65fcc79fa5b7&pt=campaign&t=1696504045&s=8049e0a9590c22ad75727a1fb5d74e104c3c57591ac4e7d1c9c7ec28e831de76]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-05

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

META DEBUTS GENERATIVE AI FEATURES FOR ADVERTISERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/04/meta-debuts-generative-ai-features-for-advertisers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta has introduced its first-gen AI features for advertisers,
enabling them to create backgrounds, adjust images, and generate
multiple versions of ad text based on their original content. These
tools aim to assist brands and businesses, with early results
suggesting they could save advertisers up to one month per year in
work hours. 

THE STATE OF CONTENT SERPS: A 250,000 KEYWORD ANALYSIS (16 MINUTE
READ)
[https://detailed.com/state-of-content/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The main insight from this analysis of 250,000 EN keyword search
results is that large media companies own content-focused websites
that achieve first-place rankings 86.1% of the time, while independent
site owners attain just 13.9%, despite being more numerous in the
dataset. The article also covers 7 other insights from the data and a
top-20 list of domains by ranking dominance. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

4 FIELDS TO REMOVE FROM LEAD FORMS TO INCREASE CONVERSION (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/katherinesmitchell_b2b-marketers-remove-these-form-fields-activity-7114913607242403840-Q9H-?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post is a reminder to remove irrelevant fields on forms that
create more friction for potential customers to convert. Common fields
that should be removed are phone numbers and emails you don't actually
need, a superfluous "how did you hear about us" question, a checkbox
only sales or legal understands, and a vague and confusing CTA button.


WHEN TO DELETE CONTENT FROM YOUR SITE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/rdotdarani_seo-seotips-seostrategy-activity-7114851622110781440-i68r?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Many marketers worry that deleting content will harm topical authority
and SEO performance. However, deleting content that isn‚Äôt ranking or
generating traffic is probably the right call. If you have pages on
your website that don't contribute to your traffic profile, then you
very likely don't have the topical authority to rank for that term.
And if that‚Äôs the case, those pages are just wasting crawl budget. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

100 GROWTH QUOTES FROM 70+ GROWTH EXPERTS AND PRACTITIONERS (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wnJEnFx6qQfu4WqXmn7LIHERLHXtq_pX/view?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This document is a consolidation of 100 quotes or ‚Äúgems‚Äù that
Sylvain Gauchet, a growth marketer at Babbel, collected from hundreds
of marketing videos and podcast episodes. It features quotes from over
70 growth experts‚Äîfrom CMOs to product marketers to UA leads‚Äî on
branding, organic and paid acquisition, onboarding and activation, and
retention marketing. 

USE TRIGGER EVENTS TO REDUCE COSTS AND DRIVE SALES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://customercamp.co/ultimate-guide-buying-triggers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Marketers spend 80% less on direct marketing costs when they
understand the specific events that get users to enter the buying
journey. This guide covers when B2B and B2C buying triggers are likely
to occur, a list of tools to track triggers, and examples of how
brands have been actioning on buying triggers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

14 CONTENT MARKETING CASE STUDIES WITH STRATEGY BREAKDOWNS (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://copyblogger.com/content-marketing-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post walks through 14 content marketing case studies from the
past year, exploring the content strategy behind each of them.
Examples include Exploding Topics, which created hundreds of list
posts for industry trends to naturally highlight the product‚Äôs
capabilities, and GoPro, which runs ‚Äúchallenges‚Äù to engage users
and generate UGC. 

HOW INSTAGRAM CAROUSELS CAN TELL A BRAND STORY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://futuresocial.beehiiv.com/p/instagram-carousel-storytelling/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares how the rock band, Hundredth, used the 10-slide
Instagram carousel for long-form storytelling through static imagery.
It breaks down slide by slide how the band used a combination of
graphics and copy to bring their curated anecdotes alive. The author
also shares a few other trends with carousels for brands to consider. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO FIND YOUR NORTH STAR METRIC FOR GROWTH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pawel-huryn_the-north-star-metric-is-an-extremely-simple-activity-7113211733141258240-Ik7w?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A North Star Metric is a single metric meant to create focus, but it
is commonly misidentified. This post gives real world examples. 

CHEAT SHEET FOR CLEAR B2B MESSAGING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/heyrobk_here-is-a-cheat-sheet-for-crafting-clear-activity-7114968417643761664-9_6G?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This cheat sheet explains how to craft a message for each customer
stage (demand generation, demand capture, and value delivery). 

HOW BRANDS CAN ADDRESS MULTIPLE CUSTOMER SEGMENTS: CRACKER BARREL CASE
STUDY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://brandingstrategyinsider.com/how-brands-can-address-multiple-customer-segments/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This study explores how Cracker Barrel is struggling to address
multiple customer segments as its target demographic shrinks. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fa390620-6352-11ee-8253-65fcc79fa5b7&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696503622&t=1696504045&s=5e82f19e2ecba0591de33516c01dbfa43da1eb9052346493cc7227797e7f904f].