# Articles TLDR Marketing 19-10-2023

Great CTA copy should start with a strong verb, include words that
provoke emotion, match to device type, and take advantage of FOMO¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=c0015354-6e51-11ee-ab60-1f647d453796&pt=campaign&t=1697713404&s=5b8e6ec05e7db17e72c9d05a6e1cf07861e9a06b1a4a7511610e9d0ed9eb9a5c]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-19

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 X TESTS CHARGING NEW USERS $1 PER YEAR IN SELECT MARKETS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/17/x-starts-experimenting-with-a-1-per-year-fee-for-new-users/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 X is conducting an experiment in select markets and charging new
unverified users a $1 annual fee to interact with posts. The fee is
aimed at reducing spam and manipulation from bot accounts while
offering existing users full access. 

 TIKTOK BETS PEOPLE WILL WATCH VIDEOS‚ÄîAND ADS‚ÄîON BIGGER SCREENS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/10/17/tiktok-bets-people-will-watch-videos-and-ads-on-bigger-screens?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 TikTok's latest offering, "Out of Phone," extends its videos and
campaigns beyond the app, offering options like "Out of Phone:
Billboard", "Out of Phone: Cinema", and "Out of Home: Other Screens".
The content will be tailored to different audiences and continuously
refreshed. Partners like Vevo and Screenvision are already involved in
showcasing and distributing Out of Phone videos. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 8 TIPS TO WRITE A KILLER CALL TO ACTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2014/10/09/call-to-action?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Great CTA copy should start with a strong verb, include words that
provoke emotion, match to device type, and take advantage of FOMO. A/B
testing is also a good way to trial some creative or out-of-the-box
CTAs and compare them to tried-and-true ones. 

 6 COPYWRITING FORMULAS TO WRITE B2B LANDING PAGES 2X FASTER (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/patrick-james-cumming_how-i-write-high-converting-b2b-landing-page-ugcPost-7120287466183385088-5hQV?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post explains how to craft a B2B landing page by stacking 6
copywriting methods: AIDCA, 4 U‚Äôs, PAS, FAB, PSR, and Ey, Oh. It
also shares which sections of the page‚Äîhero, use case, benefits,
case study, or CTA‚Äîto apply these formulas to. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 HOW TO USE GOOGLE TRENDS TO BUILD SEO BACKLINKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/connorgillivan_5-steps-to-build-seo-backlinks-w-google-activity-7120362419750674433-Sz4U?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google Trends helps identify newsworthy trends that relate to
businesses. It can be used to build high domain rating SEO backlinks.
Steps to do this include writing an email that includes your expert
commentary as well as the data found, finding journalists and blogs
that write about related covers, sending the email to the outreach
list, and following up with those who don‚Äôt reply. 

 9 NEW INSTAGRAM FEATURES AND HOW TO USE THEM (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/instagram-new-features/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Instagram has introduced 9 new features, including Broadcast Channels
for mass updates, desktop access to Insights, Meta Verified for blue
checkmark verification, adding music to carousel posts, and creating
AI stickers and photo stickers for Stories and messages. This guide
contains step-by-step instructions on how to use them all. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 9 LEGACY BRANDS ADAPTING TO REACH YOUNGER AUDIENCES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/younger-consumers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Legacy brands are adapting to reach younger consumers by focusing on
brand authenticity and entertaining content. Home Depot has been
partnering with popular influencers to create bespoke DIY content,
Dollar Tree has been leaning into UGC and creator posts to feature
branded craft tutorials, and Polaroid has been betting on its analog
roots by embracing imperfection and authenticity in its social
content. 

 HOW ZAPIER GREW TO $230M ARR (33 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.howtheygrow.co/p/how-zapier-grows?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Zapier didn‚Äôt initially get VC money‚Äîit started by spending
nights and weekends building the initial prototype and finding beta
users. Its growth strategy included scouring forums for potential B2B
customers and getting beta customers to pay for access, despite it
having a buggy product. Having ‚Äú10X better‚Äù customer support from
the start drove loyalty and retention. Zapier‚Äôs next stage of growth
came from building its developer ecosystem and a programmatic SEO
strategy. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 4 WAYS TO GROW REVENUE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/emilykramer_there-are-really-only-4-ways-to-grow-revenue-activity-7120480399037718528-h4D0?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A high-level visual breakdown of 4 ways to drive growth and which
levers to prioritize. 

 YOUTUBE WANTS TO GET YOU WATCHING MORE NEWS FROM ‚ÄòAUTHORITATIVE
SOURCES‚Äô (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/18/23922070/youtube-news-immersive-watch-page-experience-shortform?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 YouTube is introducing a new mobile watch page aimed at offering more
news content to users, focusing on authoritative sources. The platform
will suggest relevant longform videos, podcasts, and Shorts videos
when users are watching news content. 

 EARLY OBSERVATIONS OF THE OCTOBER 2023 CORE UPDATE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/lilyraynyc/status/1714663814812008495/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 As Google‚Äôs October 2023 core update continues to roll out, this
post shares preliminary findings of which sites are surging and ones
that are quickly losing visibility. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=c0015354-6e51-11ee-ab60-1f647d453796&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697713228&t=1697713404&s=a506f7e6a9e23a34e5584153e77f1ac1a528cc10bbfb078f67d840ee05adc7dc].