# Articles TLDR Marketing 29-08-2023

Yahoo has introduced a full suite of tools on Yahoo Mail to help users
save time and money¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e6802120-4649-11ee-b7a5-7f2315889649&pt=campaign&t=1693307050&s=cb23e6e5f92f653ab13b8f61767c458394fa6bcb4a811fb5619837ee7da12007]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-29

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

YAHOO MAIL INTRODUCES NEW AI-POWERED CAPABILITIES, INCLUDING A
SHOPPING SAVER TOOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/28/yahoo-mail-introduces-new-ai-powered-capabilities-including-a-shopping-saver-tool/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Yahoo has introduced a full suite of tools on Yahoo Mail to help users
save time and money, making strides toward an assistive inbox. The new
Shopping Saver tool surfaces gift cards, discount codes, and store
credits that people may have forgotten about. 

NFL SPOOFS SCRIPTED RUMORS IN STAR-STUDDED KICKOFF CAMPAIGN (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/nfl-marketing-campaign-scripted-rumors-2023/691936/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Pop culture speculation that NFL games were ‚Äúscripted‚Äù inspired
the league‚Äôs kickoff ads. Playing into these rumors makes this ad
stand out among other star-studded ads on TV. The campaign has 16
additional pieces of content slated throughout the season. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE PSYCHOLOGY OF PRICING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.quicksprout.com/psychological-pricing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post explains how to leverage buyer psychology to boost sales.
Tips include emphasizing value and ROI instead of cost, avoiding
option overload, and being careful when comparing prices with
competing products. 

10 FRAMEWORKS TO TELL BETTER STORIES TO YOUR TEAMS, IN YOUR TALKS, AND
ON YOUR WEBSITES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://kevanlee.substack.com/p/435-storytelling-frameworks?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post outlines 10 frameworks for telling better stories, including
DIBBs (data, insight, belief, bet), Before/After/Bridge, FAB
(features, advantages, benefits), and more. 

HOW TO DIAGNOSE A CONVERSION PROBLEM (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jonathan-r-bland_demandgeneration-b2bmarketing-saas-activity-7101909993464979456-KQlp?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

It‚Äôs easy to blame the ad channel when ad clicks don‚Äôt convert
into sales. This post outlines a checklist of items to review when
identifying a conversion problem, including content relevancy of the
landing page, usage of clear CTAs, and efficiency of the sales cycle. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

4 NOTION AI TRICKS YOU NEED TO KNOW (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/samuel-szuchan_4-notion-ai-tricks-you-need-to-know-activity-7101889660712292352-0oE-?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Notion AI is a productivity powerhouse. This post shows how to
summarize massive amounts of information, translate entire documents
fluently, and create pie charts and comparison tables. 

12 CHATGPT TONE MODIFIERS TO IMPROVE YOUR AI-GENERATED CONTENT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.red-website-design.co.uk/2023/08/22/chatgpt-tone-modifiers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide suggests 12 tone modifiers to include in your AI chatbot
prompts depending on the application. For example, ‚ÄúProfessional and
Trustworthy‚Äù is appropriate for About Us page copy, while ‚ÄúUrgent
and Persuasive‚Äù is best for sale announcements. 

HOW TO BALANCE COMPETING FORCES IN SEO (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/how-to-balance-competing-forces-in-seo-431215?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide discusses how to balance competing SEO demands. It covers
trade-offs from topics including volume of URLs, content quantity vs.
quality, local focus vs. global reach, and website speed vs.
functionality. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DON‚ÄôT BE AI FIRST, BE AI-READY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://davidarmano.substack.com/p/dont-be-ai-first-be-ai-ready/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The AI hype cycle has reached its peak, allowing organizations to move
beyond the buzz and focus on effectively integrating AI into their
operations. This author coins an ‚ÄúAI-Ready Stack‚Äù blueprint for
organizations, taking basic principles of people, process, and
technology to advance in an AI world. 

4 THINGS CMOS NEED TO DO TO KEEP AND THRIVE IN THEIR JOB (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.carilu.com/p/cmos-roles-and-responsibilities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The role of a CMO is hard, requiring expertise in all areas of
marketing - brand/comms, demand gen, and product marketing. This
author shares the top 4 duties CMOs need to do to keep their jobs,
including setting the company strategy, creating financial impact,
building and managing the team, and evangelizing the company and
marketing strategy. 

WALMART IS GIVING CHICKEN DELIVERY A TRY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.restaurantbusinessonline.com/operations/walmart-giving-chicken-delivery-try?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Walmart now offers same-day delivery for its hot rotisserie chicken -
pitting itself against restaurants. The company also launched a
digital recipe hub that allows customers to select a recipe and add
all the ingredients to their online cart. These services are part of
Walmart‚Äôs new omnichannel strategy to take consumer experiences and
convenience to the next level. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

EXAMPLES OF COMPANIES ANTICIPATING CUSTOMER NEEDS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.davidpullara.com/post/anticipating-customer-needs/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares examples of how IKEA, Walmart, and Netflix earn their
customers‚Äô appreciation and future businesses by knowing and
addressing their future needs in advance. 

A COMPARISON OF THE FEATURES OF THREADS AND X (INFOGRAPHIC)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/comparison-features-threads-x-infographic/691958/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Threads is still missing several features compared to X, including
direct messaging, trending, and hashtags. 

DISNEY WORLD RIVAL IS BRILLIANT OR DESPERATE WITH NEW MARKETING TRICK
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fool.com/investing/2023/08/28/disney-world-rival-is-brilliant-or-desperate-with/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

SeaWorld made it easier for customers to get complimentary admission
for future visits after running an expensive attendance promotion that
yielded poor results. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e6802120-4649-11ee-b7a5-7f2315889649&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693306835&t=1693307050&s=f012bd6cc6363cb5f5870985b486f76408ea1314a63ba6b68fd2170b1896f5df].