# Articles TLDR Marketing 11-09-2023

Only 6% of marketers said they will increase TV spend in 2024.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5e47ea50-5084-11ee-8c21-4d23a1b5d248&pt=campaign&t=1694430218&s=4ff92cdb24ba6e9d741c03958da9e908f186b7d3a2e4f9ec5e829ddd7e53f316]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-11

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF KANTAR MEDIA REACTIONS 2023 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.kantar.com/company-news/amazon-is-consumers-preferred-ad-platform-for-a-second-year-in-a-row/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Kantar surveyed 900 marketers and 16,000 consumers from around the
world to quantify how trends and changes in the media landscape shaped
their attitudes. Amazon took the title of consumers‚Äô most preferred
ad platform. Meanwhile, TV, the traditional lynchpin of ad campaigns,
was absent from the ranking of marketers‚Äô preferred ad channels.
Only 6% of marketers said they will increase TV spend in 2024. 

X SUES CALIFORNIA TO AVOID REVEALING HOW IT MAKES ‚ÄúCONTROVERSIAL‚Äù
CONTENT DECISIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/?p=1966853?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

X is accusing California of trying to dictate its terms of service and
how it moderates content. The lawsuit aims to block content moderation
laws that force social media platforms to submit a terms of service
report twice a year. In the report, platforms would need to disclose
detailed information on how they address hate speech, racism,
misinformation, and harassment. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW SENDGRID HAVE BUILT AN SEO STRATEGY DRIVING 351,000 MONTHLY VISITS
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://salt.agency/blog/how-sendgrid-drive-351k-monthly-visits/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

SendGrid is a cloud-based SMTP provider that enables email sends. The
brand was able to grow its monthly SEO traffic significantly by
investing in brand marketing, publishing compelling blogs and
resources, and creating an EEAT powerhouse knowledge center for
customers. The brand also designed its website to align naturally with
the user journey and funnel. 

WHEN YOUR MARKETING MIX DOESN‚ÄôT MATCH YOUR CUSTOMER‚ÄôS JOURNEY (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://sparktoro.com/blog/if-your-marketing-mix-doesnt-match-your-customers-journey-youre-gonna-have-a-bad-time-5-minute-whiteboard/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Marketers often invest in over-saturated channels (ie. SEO, paid
search, social ads) and leave little or no budget for all the other
channels their customers can be found in. This video transcript
stresses the importance of conducting audience research to understand
a customer‚Äôs journey, which then determines the channels to invest
marketing dollars in. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

WHAT IS RAPID VALIDATION AND HOW IS IT DIFFERENT FROM A/B TESTING? (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://thegood.com/insights/rapid-validation/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

While A/B testing is incredible in its fullest application, tests can
take a long time to complete, depending on their complexities. This
post suggests using rapid prototyping as an alternative. This involves
creating low-fidelity models to test and gain early feedback. Examples
include first-click testing, tree testing, preference testing,
5-second testing, and design surveys. 

SEO GAP ANALYSIS: OUTRANK YOUR COMPETITORS WITH DATA (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wix.com/seo/learn/resource/seo-gap-analysis?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Benchmarking SEO performance against competitors allows you to
identify gaps and create an informed action plan. This guide walks
through conducting a gap analysis on content, backlinks, and technical
SEO, including how to address weak spots. A template is included in
the article. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE VS META: THE ILLUSION OF PRIVACY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://growth.design/case-studies/apple-privacy-policy?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This case study discusses privacy concerns related to the recent
Threads app launch. It also discusses how Apple does very little to
protect the user from data-harvesting apps, despite its discourse
about privacy protection. Users give Meta access to a lot of sensitive
information, including credit score and health data, by downloading
the app. 

HANNA ANDERSSON LAUNCHES LOYALTY PROGRAM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/hanna-andersson-launches-first-loyalty-program/693099/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

DTC children‚Äôs apparel brand, Hanna Andersson, has launched its
first loyalty program in its 40-year history. The program provides
discounts, rewards points, early and exclusive access to new product
launches and sales, and free shipping. Starting a loyalty program
during back-to-school and before the holiday season is a way for
brands to enhance their current customer experience and attract new
shoppers. 

THE POWER OF SUPERCONSUMERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingjournal.org/the-power-of-superconsumers-christopher-lochhead-eddie-yoon-katrina-kirsch/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Superconsumers combine the big spending of heavy users with high
engagement and personal interest in a brand or product. They‚Äôre few
in number‚Äîusually about 10% of consumers for a particular product or
category‚Äîbut they can drive 30-70% of sales. They love to talk,
share, post, and educate others on the category via word-of-mouth. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TIKTOK TESTS NEW IN-STREAM SHOPPING PUSH IN THE US (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktok-tests-new-stream-shopping-push-us/693081/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok added a Shop tab for selected users between the For You and
Following feeds. 

YOUTUBE THUMBNAILS WITH A CLOSED MOUTH INCREASE THE WATCH TIME OF
VIDEOS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/reedjd_mrbeast-youtube-creatoreconomy-activity-7105550283664982018-bVAs?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

MrBeast found that videos where his mouth was closed in the thumbnails
had a longer watch time compared to other videos using YouTube‚Äôs A/B
thumbnail testing. 

THE SIMPLEST EXPERT-DRIVEN CONTENT STRATEGY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/brooklin-nash-expert-driven-content?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Interview industry experts and leverage their quotes to create truly
impactful content, such as blog posts or social media creative. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=5e47ea50-5084-11ee-8c21-4d23a1b5d248&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694430022&t=1694430218&s=cf1671889cde00adbb599c5939a9f751e9469bebbed49188b52ac1b337f88b82].