# Articles TLDR Marketing 13-05-2024

Any analysis explaining the history of product-led growth will likely
feature Dropbox, as it played a foundational role in creating viral
marketing  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [4]

TLDR MARKETING 2024-05-13

 WANT TO REACH TLDR'S AUDIENCE? (SPONSOR) [4] 

 Fortune 50 companies like AWS and Google Cloud and fast growing
startups like Vercel and Secureframe work with TLDR to reach our
audience of over 4 million tech-savvy decision makers with highly
customized campaigns (like this one!).
We help manage your campaigns from end to end, ensuring that your
performance marketing efforts hit your internal KPIs without
breaking your budget. Learn more about working with us [4].

📱 

NEWS & TRENDS

 INSIDE THE DEBATE AMONG MARKETERS FOR AND AGAINST VIRTUAL INFLUENCERS
(5 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Virtual influencers are sometimes used instead of human influencers
as a means to reach new audiences and showcase new levels of
innovation that companies have to offer. The rise of AI and the growth
of the creator economy have sparked a resurgence in marketers'
interest in these digital personas. The arguments for virtual
influencers include low production costs, schedule flexibility, and
control over content. Those against cite the high costs for the tech,
lack of authenticity or emotion, and potential rate declines for human
influencers. 

 GOOGLE SHOPPING ADS GET CONVERSION ANNOTATIONS (1 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Google is encouraging merchants to enable “conversion
annotations” – social proof badges that highlight a product's
purchase popularity when displayed in Google Shopping ads. Conversion
annotations like “best selling” or “1K shopped here recently”
provide visual cues about a product's sales performance directly in
the ad unit. 

🚀 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 BRUTE FORCE MARKETING: A BULLETPROOF WAY TO ACQUIRE MORE CUSTOMERS (2
MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Brute-Force Marketing entails using your own product on behalf of
potential customers and then gifting them the results as if they were
already using it. This requires a lot of manual, non-scalable work,
but it is a bullet-proof way to boost your acquisition rates. This
author recommends identifying potential customers on LinkedIn and then
DMing them the ‘gift.' This tactic works because it's unique and
personalized, it shows tangible value, and your labor invested makes
your product seem more valuable. 

 THE PROS & CONS OF LONG-TERM INFLUENCER PARTNERSHIPS (15 MINUTE READ)
[8] 

 The benefits of long-term influencer partnerships include cost and
time efficiency and predictability. Implementing trial periods,
pitching transparently to creators, and setting clear criteria for
continuation will mitigate risks. To manage creative and audience
fatigue, consider diversifying creative angles, adding incentives, and
spacing out activations. Long-term partnerships also don't have to
mean 1 year long contracts. Consider negotiating shorter terms for 3
months at a time. 

 MAXIMIZING CONTENT CREATION AROUND EVENTS (2 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 While repurposing event content is common, companies today are
creating net-new content during events. AudiencePlus generated 112
pieces of content with 16 speakers in 12 hours at its event. It
planned the event with the digital view in mind. It had 1 camera
person for every 20 people at the event, used speakers for additional
interviews throughout the day, and all speakers were encouraged to
stream their session to their own LI feeds. UserEvidence turned a
2-day event into 8+ months' worth of content. The brand fueled its
content calendar for 3 quarters with the 12 interviews it landed for
the event. 

🧑‍💻 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 10 RE-ENGAGEMENT EMAIL EXAMPLES TO WIN BACK CUSTOMERS & SUBJECT LINES
(6 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 This guide covers 10 re-engagement campaigns from brands like Adidas,
Bellroy, and Nordstrom Rack. Limited-time offers, questionnaires,
exclusive incentives and discounts are a few of the examples provided.
It also outlines what a 4 part re-engagement email workflow should
include over a 2-week period. 

 WHAT ARE ZERO-CLICK SEARCHES & HOW DO THEY IMPACT SEO? (9 MINUTE
READ) [11] 

 25.6% of desktop searches and 17.3% of mobile searches result in zero
clicks. These occur when users find answers directly on the search
engine results page (SERP), eliminating the need to click on a link.
While these searches can enhance brand visibility, they may also
result in decreased web traffic. Marketers should target keywords that
trigger SERP features like local packs, featured snippets, and People
Also Ask (PAA) boxes to maximize click potential and brand awareness. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GROWTH AT DROPBOX: AN INSIDE LOOK (7 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Any analysis explaining the history of product-led growth will likely
feature Dropbox, as it played a foundational role in creating concepts
like viral marketing. The Growth team at the company has two
functions: Growth Product Management and Data. Its core metrics cover
Acquisition (total sign-ups and B2B sign-ups), Activation (set up and
habit), Monetization (trial starts and free-to-paid conversion), and
Engagement (weekly active users and month 12 retention). This article
discusses team culture, common misconceptions, and more from the
perspective of Dropbox's Growth team's leader. 

 FEAR OF STANDING OUT: WHY BRANDS ARE SCARED TO PUSH (COLORFUL)
BOUNDARIES (4 MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Many brands in the food and drink industry avoid embracing bold
colors due to the fear of standing out too much. They tend to opt for
safer, neutral choices instead. This fear stems from a desire to avoid
criticism and maintain conformity. Brand marketers should embrace what
hasn't been seen, the colors that surprise. There should be a movement
towards the unknown, rather than shying away from it for fear of
getting it wrong. 

 THE CASE FOR THOSE SOMETIMES-TRICKY CUSTOMER SUCCESS STORIES—AND
HOW TO GET THEM (6 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 Customer success stories are integral to B2B tech marketing, yet many
companies struggle to consistently collect and present them.
Businesses should prioritize case studies by securing buy-in from
sales teams and endorsing co-marketing clauses in contracts. Make it
easy for customers to participate by providing a clear outline of the
process, keeping interviews short, and handling the writing. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 GOOGLE SEARCH RESULTS WITHOUT SGE JUMP TO 65%, UP FROM 25% (2 MINUTE
READ) [15] 

 The number of Google search queries without SGE results has
significantly increased and SGE answers now take up less pixel space. 

 THE ART OF STORYTELLING: WRITE KILLER STORIES THAT EVERYBODY WANTS TO
READ (7 MINUTE READ) [16] 

 Three essential factors lead to great content: newsworthiness,
credibility, and uniqueness. 

 APPLE'S ‘CRUSH' AD IS DISGUSTING (3 MINUTE READ) [17] 

 Apple's latest ad for the new iPad Pro, titled “Crush”, sparked
controversy for its depiction of crushing analog creative tools into
the device. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[18]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh, Maddi Salmon & Joao Kodama 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please unsubscribe [19]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/tldr-marketing-and-design-sponsorship-opportunities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=bfa8f60e-1104-11ef-a890-816b2253e0d3&pt=campaign&t=1715598907&s=f8ea08625b2fa5e6877725947655da48880f9bd3f1460a7ab02c729ba58111f7
[4] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=primary05132024
[5] https://digiday.com/marketing/inside-the-debate-among-marketers-for-and-against-virtual-influencers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[6] https://searchengineland.com/google-shopping-ads-get-conversion-annotations-440394?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[7] https://www.marketingideas.com/p/a-bulletproof-way-to-acquire-more?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[8] https://www.modash.io/blog/long-term-influencer-partnerships?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[9] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/marketingmeisha_b2bmarketing-activity-7193710568925523968-1BjI?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[10] https://links.tldrnewsletter.com/alTx9O
[11] https://www.semrush.com/blog/zero-click-searches/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[12] https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/growth-at-dropbox?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[13] https://www.shots.net/news/view/fear-of-standing-out-why-brands-are-scared-to-push-colourful-boundaries?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[14] https://links.tldrnewsletter.com/rmJBU2
[15] https://searchengineland.com/google-search-results-without-sge-jump-440369?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[16] https://growthrocks.com/blog/the-art-of-storytelling-write-killer-stories-that-everybody-wants-to-read/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[17] https://techcrunch.com/2024/05/09/apples-crush-ad-is-disgusting/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[18] https://advertise.tldr.tech/tldr-marketing-and-design-sponsorship-opportunities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[19] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=bfa8f60e-1104-11ef-a890-816b2253e0d3&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1715598024&t=1715598907&s=6c687917a9f67268a8bbbbe96dffb86f894b9ffb095cca037ff4ab321e398632