# Articles TLDR Marketing 17-10-2023

About 1 in 7 people who open a back-in-stock email return to the
online store to make a purchase¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=4887176a-6cca-11ee-bcf1-c5707948b10c&pt=campaign&t=1697540594&s=ea733bc10254b26decc6c01d3751667dace89d60e15aae3a3e67875e3dd20207]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-17

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 YOUTUBE GETS NEW AI-POWERED ADS THAT LET BRANDS TARGET SPECIAL
CULTURAL MOMENTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/16/youtube-gets-new-ai-powered-ads-that-let-brands-target-special-cultural-moments/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 YouTube is introducing "Spotlight Moments," an advertising package
that utilizes Google AI to automatically identify popular videos
related to cultural events such as Halloween, the Oscars, and sporting
events. Advertisers then serve ads across videos associated with these
moments on branded YouTube channels with dynamically updated
playlists. 

 BYTEDANCE LAUNCHES ‚ÄòCAPCUT FOR BUSINESS‚Äô TO ASSIST IN BRAND VIDEO
CREATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/bytedance-launches-capcut-for-business-to-assist-in-brand-video-creation/696723/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 TikTok's parent company has unveiled CapCut for Business, an advanced
video creation and editing tool tailored for enterprises and content
creators. This new platform offers creative features, including an
AI-powered ad script generator, business templates with licensed
elements, and a tool for converting product URLs into ad videos. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 7 QUESTIONS TO ANSWER BEFORE CREATING A LANDING PAGE (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/tasbober_digitalmarketing-saasmarketing-b2bmarketingefr-activity-7118203692347998209-k4bg/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post contains a checklist of items every landing page should
have, especially for B2B SaaS gated content. Items include explicitly
calling out audiences on the page, enabling heatmaps for tracking, and
having headlines, CTAs, or layout changes lined up for testing. 

 17 BEST COLD EMAIL SUBJECT LINES FOR HIGHER OPEN RATES (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.close.com/cold-email-subject-lines/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Clickbait subject lines get emails opened. However, they‚Äôre also
the fastest way for brands to erode trust. Today‚Äôs customers want
brands to dig deeper, tap into their goals, and offer opportunities
that are too good to pass up. This article contains 17 subject line
formats that‚Äôll get outreach emails opened. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 70+ CUSTOM COLUMNS TO IMPROVE YOUR GOOGLE ADS WORKFLOW (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.ppcmastery.com/blog/tpe-64-70-custom-columns-to-improve-workflow?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Enhance the data and metrics in Google Ads by setting up custom
columns. Examples include last 7 day ROAS, gross profit, expected
monthly spend, and cost per add to cart. This article explains how to
set up custom columns and links to a library of 70+ column formulas. 

 3 VALUABLE CUSTOM REPORTS IN GA4 (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/ga4-explorations/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Custom reports in GA4 provide more information than what is available
in the standard reports. This step-by-step guide shows how to find
clickthrough rates on CTAs, compare conversion rates across device
type and channel, and measure article engagement and traffic by
channel. 

 INSPIRATION FOR BACK-IN-STOCK NOTIFICATION EMAILS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drip.com/blog/back-in-stock-email-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 About 1 in 7 people who open a back-in-stock email return to the
online store to make a purchase. The success of any back-in-stock
notification campaign hinges on the effectiveness of the back-in-stock
product page. This guide provides best practices for optimizing
back-in-stock product pages and 11 email examples to draw inspiration
from. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 SAAS GROWTH CHEAT SHEET (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kyle-poyar_saas-growth-plg-activity-7119624222372442112-A36e?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post contains 18 mini case studies across marketing, pricing,
community, and product. These include Slack‚Äôs ‚Äúwall of love‚Äù on
its pricing page, Hotjar‚Äôs product content hubs for SEO, and
Notion‚Äôs community amplification. 

 BEST PRACTICES FOR UPDATING WEBSITE CONTENT TO MAINTAIN RANKINGS (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.growandconvert.com/content-marketing/how-often-should-website-content-be-updated/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 There is no magical timing for updating website content. The best
approach is to consistently monitor website rankings and take action
when they slip or stagnate. This guide shares tools to monitor content
and schedule updates, best practices for updating content, and setting
the right expectations for updates. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 7 STORYTELLING TECHNIQUES FOR MARKETERS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7119721702854430720/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Use storytelling techniques, like the hero‚Äôs journey, flashbacks,
or in medias res, to elevate your content game. 

 THE VALUE OF LOCALIZED PR (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://buzzsumo.com/blog/localized-pr/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

 Location-specific PR campaigns are effective at generating news
coverage and backlinks. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=4887176a-6cca-11ee-bcf1-c5707948b10c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697540421&t=1697540594&s=09addf61caa23442c37e3b84da9f6157c00d0c67e75f71a7d5be9e78129f5579].