# Articles TLDR Marketing 15-09-2023

Impactable used LinkedIn Ads remarketing to qualify, segment, and
convert customers¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=91815f98-5389-11ee-a855-99636d111186&pt=campaign&t=1694775823&s=8953f5e0111206661739792f90b42327fa530da1619189535b8b44ea86bef464]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Developer Marketing Alliance]
[https://events.developermarketing.io/location/sanfrancisco/]

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-15

ATTENTION ALL TECHNICAL MARKETING PROFESSIONALS (SPONSOR)
[https://events.developermarketing.io/location/sanfrancisco/]

Mark your calendars for September 21 & 22 in San Francisco, as
the¬†Developer Marketing summit
[https://events.developermarketing.io/location/sanfrancisco/]¬†is
shaping up to be the most unmissable industry event of the year.¬†
Don't miss the opportunity to join speakers from companies like
Mastercard, RedHat, Google, Intuit, and _more_ for two full days of
unforgettable learnings and keeping up to date with the latest
industry trends and innovations.

To find out more, check out the full agenda here
[https://events.developermarketing.io/location/sanfrancisco/agenda]¬†

Here's the exciting part: As a valued TLDR reader you can get 30% off
your ticket with the discount code ‚ÄôTLDR30
[https://events.developermarketing.io/location/sanfrancisco/]‚Äô
at¬†checkout.¬†

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X IS TESTING AN EXPANDED PROFILE BIO SECTION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-is-testing-an-expanded-profile-bio-section-to-provide-more-user-context/693757/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Users and companies on X will soon be able to include more detail in
their profile section. A ‚ÄúView more‚Äù prompt will sit beneath the
bio summary. This could also eventually lead to a bigger information
panel incorporating shops, job listings, and location info. 

GOOGLE SEPTEMBER 2023 HELPFUL CONTENT SYSTEM UPDATE ROLLING OUT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-september-2023-helpful-content-system-update-rolling-out-431978?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google has begun to push out an update to its helpful content
algorithm, which specifically targets content that was primarily
created for search engines rather than people. Google wants to reward
better and more useful content that was written for humans and to help
users. The update started on September 14 and should take about two
weeks to fully roll out. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW IMPACTABLE INCREASED CONVERSIONS BY 10% WITH LINKEDIN RETARGETING
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/how-impactable-grew-conversions/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Instead of putting remarketing spend on all unqualified site traffic,
Impactable used LinkedIn Ads remarketing to qualify, segment, and
convert customers. It created LinkedIn audiences of users who visited
its site and built a qualifying layer on top of them to only display
ads to relevant segments. After 6 months, Impactful saw a 10% increase
in conversion rate and a 40% reduction in cost per conversion. 

HOW A WEBSITE INCREASED CTR BY 900% (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/briangormanh_today-i-want-to-share-a-case-study-where-activity-7108056831058481152-9KLI?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A website owner increased CTR on a page by 900% by changing the title
tag. The page ranked first but had a poor CTR of less than 1%. The
title tag closely resembled the pages ranking beneath it, so they
added a few extra words to make it stand out. The page maintained its
ranking and saw an immediate increase in CTR. 

HOW 7 BRANDS USE CUSTOMER MARKETING CONTENT STRATEGIES TO DEEPEN
AUDIENCE CONNECTION (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/customer-marketing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Customer marketing can increase brand loyalty, turn customers into
advocates, and provide social proof, making it integral to brand
growth. Brands like Aerie and Glossier utilize user-generated content
to make customers feel seen and connected. McDonald's demonstrates a
deep understanding of its audience through relatable content and
posts, while Zara's diverse creators highlight products in authentic
ways. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GOOGLE SEARCH CONSOLE IS ENHANCING THE "SHOPPING TAB LISTINGS" REPORT
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chris-long-marketing_new-search-console-reports-google-is-enhancing-activity-7106966468679852033-Z1e0?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

E-commerce sites will now have more insights into their visibility
within Google‚Äôs Shopping tab. The enhanced reports will allow site
owners to get notified when SKUs are no longer eligible to appear in
the Shopping tab. Additionally, they will provide recommendations to
improve the visibility of products. 

SNOWFLAKE‚ÄôS MODERN MARKETING DATA STACK 2023 (3 HOUR READ)
[https://www.snowflake.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/CONT_MMDS_2023_03-4.pdf]

This PDF report takes a look at what 8,100+ customers in the Snowflake
Data Cloud use most often to enhance marketing data analytics. It
identifies leaders and ‚Äúones to watch‚Äù across the capabilities
that compose today‚Äôs marketing stack. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MOST STARTUPS SHOULD SKIP SEO...FOR NOW (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://productledseo.substack.com/p/most-startups-should-skip-seo-for?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Startups should reconsider prioritizing SEO since it may lead to
unrealistic expectations due to its top-of-funnel focus. Unless the
startup's strategic goals align with SEO outcomes and they have
long-term objectives, investing in SEO is not likely the best choice.
Alternatively, paid advertising campaigns can offer quicker results,
adding users and revenue that can support the funding efforts in a
resource-constrained environment. 

11 SNEAKY WAYS TO USE THE TIKTOK ADS LIBRARY FOR BETTER, MORE ENGAGING
ADS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/09/14/tiktok-ads-library/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The TikTok Ads library is an open book of information about what‚Äôs
hot for advertisers on the platform. It is also a useful tool to
discover new audience demographic combinations to target. This post
shares 11 tips to stand out from the competition and squeeze the most
out of your TikTok Ad spend. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

7 PLACES YOU SHOULD PUT KEYWORDS ON A PAGE TO RANK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anna-york-seo_seo-onpageseo-activity-7107683107419365376-B7OD?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A page‚Äôs target keyword should be used in the first 100 words, in
image alt text and/or file name, and in headings. 

5 WAYS AMAZON IS MAKING IT EASIER TO SEARCH AND SHOP FOR PRODUCTS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/retail/amazon-makes-it-easier-to-search-and-shop/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Amazon launched new search and discovery tools for its mobile app,
including multimodal search, expanded augmented reality features, and
"Find-on-Amazon", a tool that identifies products from photos shared
through the app. 

B2B DOESN‚ÄôT HAVE A MARKETING PROBLEM. IT HAS A CULTURE PROBLEM (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/b2b-doesnt-have-marketing-problem-has-culture-shama-hyder/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A think-piece that argues the cultural problem in B2B is the
resistance to change and the adherence to outdated models of sales and
marketing. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=91815f98-5389-11ee-a855-99636d111186&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694775621&t=1694775823&s=ed99f32551e32064ad225fd410ee0c23398d075cd76fbaa03001ba3602165845].