# Articles TLDR Marketing 25-08-2023

Customers now see personalized in-app ads on their ETA screen when
they match with a driver and during the trip.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=53fb8d12-432e-11ee-96d3-35cf92e6a280&pt=campaign&t=1692961412&s=c4db3192a2dbd2d162ad9720d119f380d016692e5c6986029bd03ecf5148531c]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-25

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

LYFT INTRODUCES IN-APP ADS AS PART OF AN EXPANDED RIDER EXPERIENCE (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.org/lyft-introduces-in-app-ads-as-part-of-an-expanded-rider-experience/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Customers now see personalized in-app ads on their ETA screen when
they match with a driver and during the trip. Lyft Media offers
advertising opportunities on in-car tablets, screens on top of Lyft
cars, and at bike sharing stations. Its advertising revenue has
quadrupled in the last year. 

GOOGLE TO PROVIDE TARGETED AD DATA TO COMPLY WITH EU RULES (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-targeted-ad-data-eu-rules-431153?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


To comply with new EU rules and avoid penalties, Google will now
provide European users with more information on targeted ads, more
transparency on platform policies, and insights into how Search,
YouTube, Maps, Play, and Shopping operate. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO GET EARNED MEDIA (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-herubel-540b3949_how-to-get-earned-media-in-2023-without-activity-7100386347273605126-07lc?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


You don‚Äôt need to spend $30K on a PR agency to get earned media in
front of your desired audience. This framework suggests mapping your
industry‚Äôs influence ecosystem, then identifying key actors and
partnering with them to co-create niche content, organize common live
events, or share exclusive insights. 

MASTERING MESSAGING AND THE IMPORTANCE OF MESSAGE TESTING (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://wynter.com/post/importance-of-message-testing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post debunks the misconception that ‚Äúugly websites convert
better than pretty websites‚Äù. The real conversion driver is
effective messaging. It‚Äôs important to avoid complex lingo, focus on
overall messaging over the copy itself, and conduct message testing
instead of A/B testing. 

21 PROVEN WAYS TO DRIVE TRAFFIC TO YOUR WEBSITE (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://ahrefs.com/blog/how-to-drive-traffic-to-your-website/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This guide includes several tried-and-true methods to grow website
traffic from SEO, social, and other sources. The tactics include
targeting easy-to-rank-for topics, appearing on podcasts, and turning
your content into X threads. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

EASILY SPOT IF YOUR SITES HAVE BEEN AFFECTED BY GOOGLE'S CORE UPDATES
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/aleyda_want-to-easily-spot-if-your-sites-have-been-activity-7100412829547020289-GG-e?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


GSC Guardian is a free Google Chrome extension that highlights Google
algorithm updates in your Search Console Performance report. It makes
it easier to visualize how traffic changes relate to algorithm
changes. The extension does not read or collect Google Search Console
data other than the dates on the charts. 

SEO FOR STARTUPS: HOW TO GET SEO RESULTS ON A BUDGET (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/seo-for-startups/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


5 steps to improve SEO for a startup without breaking the bank. This
guide covers keyword research, content creation, basic technical
recommendations, strategic link building, and performance measurement.


INSIGHTIQ (PRODUCT)
[https://www.insightiq.ai/?utm_source=tldrmarketing] 

InsightIQ supercharges your influencer marketing efforts by providing
a creator search tool, audience analytics, and impact tracking. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE EVOLUTION OF MIRO‚ÄôS USER ONBOARDING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://kylepoyar.substack.com/p/the-evolution-of-miros-user-onboarding/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Kate Syuma, Miro‚Äôs Head of Growth Design, shares the evolution of
Miro‚Äôs approach to user onboarding and activation in 3 phases:
startup, hyper-growth, and the current growth at scale phase. Syuma
tells stories of success, failures, and learnings. 

GOOGLE LEADERS SHARE HOW AI IS HELPING MARKETERS MULTIPLY THEIR
CREATIVITY AND GROWTH (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketersthatmatter.com/google-leaders-share-how-ai-is-helping-marketers-multiply-their-creativity-and-growth/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This article shares key takeaways from a conversation between two
marketing execs from Google, including how they‚Äôve evolved as
marketers over the last 25 years and how they‚Äôre fully embracing AI
in their work. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CHROME‚ÄôS SIDEBAR APPS ARE THE BEST NEW PRODUCTIVE FEATURE NO ONE‚ÄôS
TALKING ABOUT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90940979/chromes-sidebar-apps-are-the-best-new-productivity-feature-no-ones-talking-about/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


This post introduces 8 Chrome extensions that run as miniature apps in
the Chrome Side Panel, including vertical tabs, ChatGPT shortcuts, and
searchable bookmarks. 

REDDIT ADDS NEW AD MEASUREMENT OPTIONS TO VALIDATE PERFORMANCE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/reddit-adds-new-ad-measurement-options-to-validate-performance/691812/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


Reddit Ads reporting now includes Brand and Conversion lift metrics to
measure impact on brand perception and actions taken as a result of
seeing an ad. 

TIKTOK ENABLES NEW SEARCH AD FUNCTIONALITY FOR MARKETERS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/tiktok-new-search-ad-toggle-marketers-ad-campaign/691683/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


The Search Ad Toggle will use an existing ad creative to display ads
alongside organic search results in TikTok. 

IBM SAYS 40% OF THE GLOBAL WORKFORCE WILL HAVE TO LEARN NEW SKILLS
OVER NEXT THREE YEARS DUE TO AI IMPLEMENTATION (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techspot.com/news/99853-ibm-40-workers-have-learn-new-skills-over.html?tum_source=tldrmarketing]


Although generative AI will drive 40% reskilling in 3 years, 87% of
surveyed executives anticipate AI will enhance existing roles rather
than replace them. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=53fb8d12-432e-11ee-96d3-35cf92e6a280&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1692961218&t=1692961412&s=a1537f5d88110a74254c17429d8d227cfeb6cbeffa939bf798103caa364248ad].