# Articles TLDR Marketing 27-10-2023

Organic rankings don‚Äôt always translate across international
lines.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=beaa37ae-74a1-11ee-80cd-55080d01bd72&pt=campaign&t=1698404603&s=7a3ed048f209e8f193183a1d011360bad70eb4b655bc370b437014be03aeda77]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-27

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 AMAZON ROLLS OUT AI-POWERED IMAGE GENERATION FOR ADVERTISERS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/innovation-at-amazon/amazon-ads-ai-powered-image-generator?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Amazon Ads launched a AI image generation tool in beta, designed to
enable brands to produce lifestyle imagery. Amazon has found that when
images of items are shown in a lifestyle context, click-through rates
can be 40% higher compared to ads with plain product images.
Advertisers can generate and refine AI images via the Ad Console. 

 GOOGLE MAPS NEW SEARCH RESULTS MAKES PHOTOS SIGNIFICANTLY MORE
IMPORTANT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-maps-new-search-results-makes-photos-significantly-more-important-433811?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google is rolling out a "photo-first" search results layout for
Google Maps, focusing on the photos linked to Google Business
Profiles. This new interface prioritizes photos in the search results,
underscoring the need for business owners to ensure high-quality,
appealing images for better visibility. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 7 SEO TIPS FOR RANKING IN DIFFERENT COUNTRIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/seo-how-to-target-countries?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Organic rankings don‚Äôt always translate across international lines.
This article contains 7 tactics to increase your website‚Äôs chances,
including implementing hreflang, translating content, attracting
inbound links from local sites, and using local hosting. 

 HOW BUDAI MEDIA INCREASED BLACK FRIDAY REVENUE WITH AN EARLY-BIRD
LIST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/increasing-black-friday-sales-with-early-bird-list/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 An outdoor clothing company wanted to increase Black Friday and Cyber
Monday (BFCM) sales while reducing the burden on its fulfillment. The
team built an early-bird BFCM ‚ÄúVIP‚Äù customer list and sent email
and SMS messaging to promote early-bird offers two weeks before Black
Friday. This resulted in 2K+ new subscribers, a 50%+ average email
open rate, and $26K+ of sales in those two weeks. 

 HOW CAN YOU WRITE EMAIL COPY THAT COMPELS READERS TO TAKE ACTION? (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/advice/0/how-can-you-write-email-copy-compels-readers-take/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post is a collaborative article powered by AI and marketers on
LinkedIn. It shares practical tips and techniques to craft engaging
and persuasive emails. Tips include using copywriting formulas like
PAS and BAB, preserving a high ‚Äúunits-of-X-per-word‚Äù ratio, A/B
testing email elements often, and solving for unsubscribes (as it‚Äôs
a marketer‚Äôs equivalent of a restraining order). 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 140+ CREATIVE MARKETING AND CONTENT CREATION TOOLS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://thecreativemarketer.net/#my-complete-toolbox/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This user shares their ‚Äúmarketing toolbox‚Äù consisting of over 140
tools ranging from brainstorming, ad and copy inspiration, web design,
research, productivity, social media, and content. 

 22 INFLUENCER MARKETING STATISTICS TO GUIDE YOUR BRAND‚ÄôS STRATEGY
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/influencer-marketing-statistics/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A compilation of 22 influencer marketing stats, offering brands
insights for their marketing plans. Significant findings include
Instagram's reign as the leading influencer marketing platform and 25%
of brands worldwide investing 10-20% of their marketing budget in
influencer marketing. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 17 LEADING ACCESSIBLE WEBSITE EXAMPLES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/digital-marketing/accessible-website-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Accessible design ensures that everyone, including users with
disabilities, can engage with your website. It improves user
experience, enhances SEO, and creates a positive brand image. This
post outlines 17 examples of websites for inspiration, including Apple
Accessibility, Harvard University, and Google. 

 HOW PLUNGE WENT FROM GARAGE PROTOTYPE TO $80+ MILLION DTC BRAND IN
UNDER 4 YEARS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://joinhampton.com/blog/bootstrapping-an-80-million-dollar-dtc-cold-plunge-company?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Plunge ships over 2K units per month. It started out during COVID
with rough prototypes in a garage. Plunge sold its first 20 units by
emailing friends and existing customers from other failed businesses.
The founders bought a cheap domain and dominated the low-volume
searches they believed would become industry terms. They went big on
influencer marketing and social media, including in-person ‚Äúplunge
tours.‚Äù Plunge is now on pace to hit $80-90 million in sales this
year. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 THREADS IS ADDING POLLS AND GIFS AS IT CONTINUES TO CHASE X (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/26/23933559/threads-polls-gifs-app?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Meta is rolling out poll and GIF capabilities in Threads and
Instagram is experimenting with view counts and pinned posts, similar
to features popular on X. 

 I DELETED THE CONTENT FROM TWO POSTS TO SEE IF THEY‚ÄôD STILL RANK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://ahrefs.com/blog/impact-removing-content/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Deleting the contents of two pages resulted in rank declining by a
few positions for many terms, but it wasn‚Äôt as severe as expected.
Traffic recovered shortly after the content was restored. 

 HOW SALESFORCE BUILT THE WORLD‚ÄôS MOST SUCCESSFUL B2B BRAND (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/uncensoredcmo_how-salesforce-built-the-worlds-most-successful-ugcPost-7122941858107805696-I_Hn/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Colin Fleming went from a Formula 1 driver to a sales and marketing
driver at Salesforce. In this post, Fleming shares the importance of
the 95:5 rule and being in the consideration set. The link to the full
podcast is included in the post‚Äôs comments. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=beaa37ae-74a1-11ee-80cd-55080d01bd72&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698404419&t=1698404603&s=d4f176513c19435b7e0c2a569168f11e1ebd1d43fb39efa66753abff647fdea7].