# Articles TLDR Marketing 08-04-2024

People perceive products that involve visible effort as having more
value  

 Sign Up [1] |View Online [2] 

		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [3]

TLDR MARKETING 2024-04-08

 WANT TO REACH TLDR’S AUDIENCE? (SPONSOR) [3] 

 Fortune 50 companies like AWS and Google Cloud and fast growing
startups like Vercel and Secureframe work with TLDR to reach our
audience of over 4 million tech-savvy decision makers with highly
customized campaigns (like this one!).
We help manage your campaigns from end to end, ensuring that your
performance marketing efforts hit your internal KPIs without
breaking your budget. Learn more about working with us [3].

📱 

NEWS & TRENDS

 ROKU PATENT INVENTS A WAY TO SHOW ADS OVER ANYTHING YOU PLUG INTO
YOUR TV (3 MINUTE READ) [4] 

 Roku filed a patent for a system that could extend ad placement
beyond its platform. Ads would be displayed over content paused on
external devices connected to Roku TVs. This technology, still in the
patent stage, proposes detecting static or paused video content and
overlaying relevant ads. This potentially opens up new advertising
opportunities and revenue streams for Roku. 

 IAB: WHY THE RISE OF CONTENT CREATORS SIGNALS A NEW ERA OF INFLUENCE
(4 MINUTE READ) [5] 

 No one wants to be ‘influenced’ when they’re scrolling through
social media. People want to be spoken to, inspired, educated, and
entertained. It’s the creators and communities people choose to
engage with, not the big brands or big influencers. The beauty in
creator marketing is when brands hand the control over to the creator
themselves and see how they interpret it. Brand guidelines shouldn’t
completely be cast aside though. Creator briefs are still relevant and
should serve as “freedom within a framework”. 

🚀 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 HOW TO MAKE PEOPLE PAY MORE WITH THE ART OF ‘VISIBLE LABOR’ (4
MINUTE READ) [6] 

 People perceive products that involve visible effort as having more
value. By showcasing the effort in the production process, marketers
can justify higher prices and loading times. This article shares
tactics to leverage this psychological effect such as offering a
behind-the-scenes look to explain how the product works and adding a
bit of theatrical delay while processing the customer requests. 

 3 CUSTOMER QUESTIONS TO UNLOCK GROWTH (3 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Speaking with your customers directly can uncover a goldmine of
growth opportunities. It’s critical to ask follow-up questions to
further clarify the meaning of what a customer said, rather than
making assumptions. It’s also a best practice to end an interview
with an open-ended prompt. This allows customers to discuss what
matters most to them and ends the interview on a positive note. 

 CANVA’S EFFECTIVE CANCELLATION FLOW (1 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 A breakdown of how Canva kept a user from canceling their premium
account. Canva turned a price increase into a marketing tactic by
reminding the user that even though prices have increased to
$29.99/month, they only have to continue paying $12.95/month. The
brand also created loss aversion by reminding the user of the number
of times they’ve used premium features. Lastly, Canva added a
“Continue cancellation” CTA in a bright red button. Clever UX
choice there, as people tend to not click on big red buttons. 

🧑‍💻 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 MESSAGING: THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN FEATURES, CAPABILITIES, AND
BENEFITS (1 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 Features, capabilities, and benefits are the most important concepts
in messaging, but most people only distinguish between features and
benefits. A capability is what you do with the product, while a
benefit is the outcome of using that capability. This post uses
Slack's messaging for its channels feature to illustrate these
concepts. 

 BIMI: THE UNTAPPED TOOL FOR EMAIL MARKETERS (6 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Brand Indicators for Message Identification (BIMI) is an email
specification that allows brands to display their logos in the inboxes
of their customers. It exists to combat email phishing and spoofing,
enhance brand visibility, and improve email deliverability. It also
builds on existing email authentication frameworks including SPF,
DKIM, and DMARC. This guide walks through the steps entailed in
setting up BIMI. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

 GOOGLE EXPLAINS WHY AD STRENGTH IS ‘SO IMPORTANT’ AS IT ADDRESSES
INDUSTRY CONCERNS (6 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 There is a lot of debate surrounding Ad Strength's relevance, with
some marketers arguing it’s not useful since campaigns with a 'poor'
label often outperform those with an 'excellent' label. Google
responded and reinforced its significance as a critical metric. Ad
Strength plays a crucial role in assessing campaign assets' breadth
and depth, which indicates its potential to generate user engagement
across digital channels. 

 RINGCENTRAL’S RECIPE FOR DOMINATING THE UCAAS SPACE (10 MINUTE
READ) [12] 

 RingCentral reached $2.2B in revenue by transforming from a simple
telephony service to a beacon in the Unified Communications as a
Service (UCaaS) domain. The brand faced stiff competition but
maintained growth due to its content marketing, brand building, and
SEO. RingCentral invested in small business and local area code
landing pages to drive high-intent visitors down its funnel. It built
a backlink profile, in part due to its partnership network. It also
harnessed the power of YouTube to drive traffic to its offerings. 

 THE POWER OF BUILDING A PERSONAL BRAND ON LINKEDIN FOR B2B (49 MINUTE
PODCAST) [13] 

 Building a personal brand through organic reach on social media
platforms like LinkedIn can create trust and affinity with the
audience, especially in B2B. In this podcast, Adam Robinson, CEO of
Retention.com & RB2B, describes what has worked and how he got started
with the strategy. He believes that video content allows for a richer
connection with your audience, enhancing the impact of your brand. The
combination of AI and influencer-type founders can also enable
bootstrapped startups to scale and compete with larger companies. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 IS TIKTOK BECOMING THE NEXT QVC? ALL ABOUT TIKTOK LIVE SHOPPING (6
MINUTE READ) [14] 

 TikTok Live Shopping allows brands to showcase and sell products in
real time during live streams on the platform. Plus, it’s easy for
brands to experiment with. 

 6½ WAYS TO WRITE FASTER (5 MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Techniques to improve writing speed and efficiency include starting
with pen and paper, adopting the Pomodoro Technique, and using AI for
initial drafts. 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[16]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh, Maddi Salmon & Joao Kodama 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please unsubscribe [17]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[2] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e81c5a7a-f58b-11ee-87c2-3143613ae1eb&pt=campaign&t=1712574201&s=48aae63e1769ca0a8c69d4aa89c4905619eec39e95d7a374958e92fbd84ab235
[3] https://advertise.tldr.tech/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=primary04082024
[4] https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/04/hdmi-customized-ad-insertion-patent-would-show-rokus-ads-atop-non-roku-video/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[5] https://www.marketing-beat.co.uk/2024/04/04/iab-content-creator-influencer/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[6] https://www.marketingideas.com/p/how-to-make-people-pay-more-with?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[7] https://news.marketingpowerups.com/p/3-customer-questions-to-unlock-growth?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[8] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/kyle-poyar_plg-product-ux-activity-7182014325505576962-KG3R?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[9] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anthonypierri_productmarketing-messaging-valuepropositions-activity-7181293547105521665-6aOG?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[10] https://www.klaviyo.com/blog/bimi-untapped-tool-for-email-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[11] https://searchengineland.com/google-ad-strength-important-ppc-concerns-438824?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[12] https://foundationinc.co/lab/ringcentrals-ucaas?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[13] https://www.leahtharin.com/p/53-adam-robinson-the-power-of-linkedin?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[14] https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/tik-tok-live-stream-shopping?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[15] https://annhandley.com/how-to-write-faster/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[16] https://advertise.tldr.tech/tldr-marketing-and-design-sponsorship-opportunities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[17] https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e81c5a7a-f58b-11ee-87c2-3143613ae1eb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1712574022&t=1712574201&s=459b6d5821af6e3b380a5037b6f9e16ed686075f3ec0ed1026536625e771aa17