# Articles TLDR Marketing 05-09-2023

Snapchat is expected to grow its user base by 13.4% in 2023, making it
the fastest-growing social media platform¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=b738662c-4bc4-11ee-8008-37405d6b1281&pt=campaign&t=1693911823&s=6065f44cab3f4a300b80d9f54d546fc553f047557f495d1fdc8f1cd6b30cd1a2]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-05

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

SNAPCHAT TO DETHRONE TIKTOK TO BECOME FASTEST-GROWING SOCIAL MEDIA
PLATFORM IN 2023 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingtechnews.net/news/2023/sep/04/snapchat-to-dethrone-tiktok-to-become-fastest-growing-social-media-platform-in-2023/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Snapchat is expected to grow its user base by 13.4% in 2023, making it
the fastest-growing social media platform. Its growth stems from
younger generations, with almost 60% of all internet users aged 13 to
24 using the app daily. 

BING SEARCH TESTS EXPLORE COLLECTIONS OVERLAY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.seroundtable.com/bing-search-explore-collections-overlay-35979.html?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Bing is testing a new feature to help users explore products in
search. ‚ÄòExplore collections‚Äô opens a near-full page overlay where
users can see a collection of similar items. Ads also appear within
this overlay. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

MARKETING TO GEN Z: HOW TO GET IT RIGHT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.voxburner.com/blog/marketing-to-gen-z-how-to-get-it-right/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Data shows that 87% of Gen Z want multi-channel brand experiences -
they have a newfound appreciation for in-person events and want
experiential shopping experiences. They also value authenticity,
playfulness, and fun. Brands are getting more creative in using
digital out-of-home to build trust between brands and consumers. 

TIKTOK SEO: THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO BOOSTING YOUR PROFILE VISIBILITY (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/tiktok-seo/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TikTok SEO involves optimizing your content so it‚Äôs more likely to
show up on your audience‚Äôs For You Page and ranks higher in app
search results. Best practices include using TikTok‚Äôs Keyword
Insights tool to guide content creation, engaging with users when they
comment, and collaborating with other TikTok accounts. 

IMPROVE YOUR MESSAGING: FOCUS ON THE USE CASE, NOT THE LIMITATION
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anthonypierri_productmarketing-saas-startups-activity-7104463115072782337-Tj0l?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Calling out a limitation of a solution is often not enough for someone
to try something else. Instead, connect that limitation to the
original use case. For example, a limitation of taking written notes
in a meeting is that it‚Äôs slow, which means it‚Äôs less efficient
but also helps memory recall. A problem with this method is notetakers
could miss points in fast-paced discussions - which is what a marketer
with an alternative solution should focus on. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

5 TOOLS YOU NEED FOR LINK BUILDING (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/zachary-argyle_5-tools-you-need-for-link-building-ugcPost-7104358773430894592-u7-W?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Link building can be difficult and time-consuming. This post includes
5 valuable tools that can make your link building process more
efficient: Linkly, Respona, Connectively (HARO), Prowly, and Semrush. 

4 TOP AFFILIATE SEARCH PARTNERS TO CONSIDER: A BREAKDOWN (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/top-affiliate-search-partners-breakdown-431502?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Affiliate search partners can help brands by driving traffic and
revenue with low risk. This article covers 4 major affiliate marketing
partners: PromoCodesForYou, Offers.com, Slickdeals, and CouponCause.
It discusses their strengths and what they are best suited for. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW THE YOUTUBE SHORTS ALGORITHM WORKS, ACCORDING TO YOUTUBE (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/youtube-shorts-algorithm/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Content on Shorts is ranked based on user engagement through likes,
comments, and shares, watch time, and responses from user surveys. The
algorithm for Shorts prioritizes videos that keep viewers watching
until the end and longer videos tend to perform better on the
platform. 

HOW TO CREATE A LEAD MAGNET YOUR AUDIENCE WILL LOVE (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://altmarketingschool.com/lead-magnet/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A lead magnet represents an exchange of value. It can come in the form
of free access to something like a template, resource, or service.
This post shares how to create something unique that people cannot
find elsewhere, write compelling CTAs, and let your customers be the
centerpiece of your communication. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHY BUSINESSES WEREN‚ÄôT READY TO TRANSITION FROM UNIVERSAL ANALYTICS
TO GA4 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://ppc.org/why-businesses-werent-ready-to-transition-from-universal-analytics-to-ga4/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

As Google's Universal Analytics transitioned to GA4, SMBs are facing
enormous challenges through the steep learning curve of the tool. 

THE AUGUST 18 ALGO UPDATE CAUSED A MASSIVE DROP IN INDENTED RESULTS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://moz.com/blog/google-indented-results-update?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Over time, indented results have become less prevalent - but there was
a marked decrease following Google‚Äôs latest core update. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=b738662c-4bc4-11ee-8008-37405d6b1281&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693911632&t=1693911823&s=87c24d18b268d386194d310035dc7a94cb6f6460d8573b786cf6ffac509b6eb0].