# Articles TLDR Marketing 06-10-2023

Claiming aesthetic reasons, Elon Musk removed headlines and subheader
text from links shared on X¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=67c7d25c-6416-11ee-8d17-c103caef63d0&pt=campaign&t=1696590320&s=3c8900f6ed527531b0ed8b7e3733a30750a5df8f553e3415d60dc71c5ae5b697]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-06

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

X STOPS SHOWING HEADLINES BECAUSE OF ELON MUSK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/4/23903859/x-elon-musk-headlines-links-image-twitter/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Claiming aesthetic reasons, Elon Musk removed headlines and subheader
text from links shared on X, leading to widespread criticism from
users and employees. 

THE FUTURE OF SEO (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalmarketer.com/seo/the-future-of-seo/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article walks through predictions on the future of SEO and how to
benefit from these trends. The author predicts that AI will both
enhance and hurt SEO, content with E-E-A-T will win the SERPs, and
‚Äòsystem SEOs‚Äô will outlast the AI rush. The overarching theme is
that SEO is not dead. To continue earning search traffic, marketers
should optimize an SEO system with efficient processes and focus on
their target customers above all else. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TEN BY THREE DROVE SALES BY USING STORYTELLING IN THEIR EMAIL
MARKETING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/how-ten-by-three-drove-sales/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Ten by Three didn‚Äôt see results from a typical Mother‚Äôs Day
promotional email, so it tested a series of story-focused emails
instead. This approach allowed it to tell the story of the product and
connect emotionally with its audience. The email series resulted in a
2X increase in open rate and a spike in bundle sales. 

7 COMMON MISTAKES IN EMAIL MARKETING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://twitter.com/ecomchasedimond/status/1709984784204894448/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post provides tips on how to avoid or correct 7 common email
marketing mistakes. Not segmenting email lists based on behavior,
demographics, or purchase history or not designing emails with a
mobile-first approach leads to missed engagement opportunities. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

CANVA‚ÄôS NEW AI TOOLS AUTOMATE BORING, LABOR-INTENSIVE DESIGN TASKS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/4/23902794/canva-magic-studio-ai-design-new-tools?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Canva has launched Magic Studio, an AI-powered suite of design tools
aimed at enhancing and streamlining content creation. Magic Studio
contains a series of features such as Magic Switch, which allows users
to instantly transform designs into various formats, Magic Media,
which generates short videos from text prompts or images, and Canva
Shield, a set of safety, privacy, and security controls to prevent AI
misuse and unsafe content creation. 

4 USES OF GOOGLE‚ÄôS URL INSPECTION TOOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/4-uses-of-googles-url-inspection-tool?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The URL Inspection Tool within Google Search Console has powerful
capabilities for SEO optimization. You can use this tool to identify
reasons for not indexing, learn how Google discovered a page, confirm
Google can render all page elements, and submit your URL for
indexation. Each of these is valuable for diagnosing SEO issues. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

90% OF RETENTION ISSUES STEM FROM INCORRECT ACTIVATION (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/hey-b2b-i-bet-you-are-measuring-activation?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Activation is taking a user from signing up to establishing a habit
around your core value proposition, but many B2B brands define this
incorrectly. Activation is not just user engagement, nor is it account
activation. This guide runs through what activation is and isn‚Äôt, as
well as why it‚Äôs vital to get it right. 

THE HYPER-PERSONALIZATION OF EVERYTHING (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitalnative.tech/p/the-hyper-personalization-of-everything?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Consumers now expect every experience to be personalized. If the 20th
century was about mass consumption, the 21st century is about
‚Äòbespoke consumption‚Äô. The rise of AI is making new degrees of
customization possible. Soon, everyone will get their own personalized
healthcare plan, learning path, and relationship mentor. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AMAZON PRIME VIDEO ADS: SETTING EXPECTATIONS IN A WORLD OF DIMINISHING
TV REACH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/madisonandwall/p/amazon-prime-video-ads-setting-expectations?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post discusses Amazon's decision to include limited ads on Prime
Video. It highlights that while this move will benefit Amazon,
estimates of its potential seem overly optimistic. 

CAN YOU ANSWER THESE 5 QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR BRAND? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ben-dutter_marketing-growthmarketing-measurement-activity-7114985132209438720-4Ulr?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post challenges that most big brands can‚Äôt accurately answer
these 5 questions about their own customers. 

HOW SMALL BUSINESS ARE KEEPING UP WITH THE TAYLOR SWIFT EFFECT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.inc.com/rebecca-deczynski/inside-taylor-swift-effect-how-small-businesses-are-keeping-up-with-swiftiess-need-to-shimmer.html/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Taylor Swift‚Äôs top-selling Eras Tour has led to a boom in sales for
small fashion brands selling all things sequined and sparkly. This
article shares how these brands are flexing new marketing
opportunities to ride the Swiftmania wave. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=67c7d25c-6416-11ee-8d17-c103caef63d0&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696590021&t=1696590320&s=a092ec400e7399e2e99dafd9e6c4547c655d50e0b32497fa66e311dff7b2e47d].