# Articles TLDR Marketing 13-10-2023

An edit button will soon be available to all Threads users¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9ce22858-69a6-11ee-abae-279f733fbb50&pt=campaign&t=1697195292&s=875396bc98cc05fdd24edf93f147430c715a11037afa8d584e2172c44b0cc5b6]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-13

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 GOOGLE‚ÄôS AI-POWERED SEARCH EXPERIENCE CAN NOW GENERATE IMAGES,
WRITE DRAFTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/12/googles-ai-powered-search-experience-can-now-generate-images-write-drafts/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The SGE enhancements by Google include AI image generation and
flexible draft writing capabilities, along with the ability to export
content to Google Workspace apps. The features are currently being
offered to some users in the US. 

 THREADS IS ROLLING OUT AN EDIT BUTTON, AND IT‚ÄôS FREE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/10/12/threads-edit-button/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 An edit button will soon be available to all Threads users. Posts can
be edited as much as needed for the first 5 minutes. The feature will
be blocked after 5 minutes. Threads won‚Äôt show the edit history of a
post, which is something that X offers. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 USE VALUE-BASED BIDDING TO SUCCEED WITH GOOGLE ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/value-based-bidding-drives-google-ads-success?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Every conversion action, from a purchase to a form submission, should
have a value so that Google‚Äôs automated bidding can optimize for
profit. Conversion values can be set manually or dynamically.
Google‚Äôs conversion value rules also allow advertisers to adjust
values by audiences, locations, devices, and more. 

 7 CASE STUDIES ON SEO STRATEGY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jakezward_seo-case-studies-ugcPost-7118202911934820352-S1zg?utm_source=tldmarketing]


 This post includes 7 examples of websites that succeed in SEO because
of their strategies. Kapwing, a video creation tool, published 225
free web apps to acquire traffic and organic links, resulting in 900K
organic visits per month. Toptal, a freelance talent marketplace,
created clusters of content around specific job roles, earning it over
700K visits per month. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 FREE MULTI-CHANNEL B2B CAMPAIGN PLANNING TEMPLATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/patrick-james-cumming_how-i-plan-full-funnel-multi-channel-b2b-ugcPost-7117026755852267520-sD3J?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This template enables the thorough planning of full-funnel,
multi-channel marketing campaigns. The risk of disorganization and
miscommunication often arises without a system. The template includes
funnel stage, campaign type, targeting, budget, and more. A link to
the template is available in the comment thread. 

 21 CHROME EXTENSIONS FOR SEO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/nico-bortoluzzi_seo-seotips-activity-7115606778821660672-EzG6/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A curated list of 21 SEO Chrome extensions used daily by an SEO
consultant, including SEO Quake, Detailed, Scrape Similar, and
Similarweb. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY FREE PRODUCT + PAID MEDIA = DEATH FOR SUBSCRIPTION COMPANIES (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.subscriptionindex.com/blog/why-free-product-paid-media-death-for-subscription-companies?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 The best freemium products have conversion rates of 5-7%. Some free
users eventually convert to paid, but this complicates the ROI on paid
media. One tactic to help speed up the payback period on ads is to
only sell annual plans. 

 HOW META, TIKTOK AD-FREE TIERS COULD IMPACT ADVERTISER BUDGETS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/ad-free-meta-facebook-instagram-tiktok-advertiser-budget/696389/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Meta and TikTok are exploring ad-free subscription options, a move
that could have implications for advertising budgets. Consumer
adoption and the trade-off between privacy and free content will be
significant factors influencing the impact on advertising strategies.
Marketers may also need to consider whether ads feel native to the
social media platforms when creating the campaign. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 CREATING A SHORT-FORM VIDEO SYSTEM THAT SCALES FOR TIKTOK AND BEYOND
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediaexaminer.com/creating-a-short-form-video-system-that-scales-for-tiktok-and-beyond/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 An effective short-form video system requires scripting and filming
in batches, editing reusable assets via tools like Repurpose.io, and
consistently posting. 

 A FIRST-TIME VP OF MARKETING‚ÄôS PRIORITY LIST (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/markehuber_what-i-prioritized-and-why-in-my-first-activity-7118239215359787011-9HRe?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 An inside look into what a VP of Marketing did in their first 3
months in the role‚Äîestablishing a strong product marketing
foundation, recording weekly marketing updates, and creating a 3/6/12
month marketing plan with tactics, budgets, and confidence scores. 

 A B2B‚ÄôS BUYER JOURNEY IS AN ECOSYSTEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/mary-keough-437824a2_b2bmarketing-activity-7117509100564807682-_DN2?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A B2B customer‚Äôs journey isn‚Äôt a linear path or an ‚Äúassembly
line‚Äù and is often hard to track via first-party data. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9ce22858-69a6-11ee-abae-279f733fbb50&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697194819&t=1697195292&s=fb9106f64467d057d6540087ea4c97c794258512bab196f1acd25fad63abcc6f].