# Articles TLDR Marketing 12-09-2023

Gen Zs define authentic brands as being ‚Äútrue to themselves‚Äù and
staying honest and transparent¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=2bc3f1aa-512e-11ee-b759-dbbb33f7c76e&pt=campaign&t=1694516618&s=eb2da7a1bed21f68db84d6f7f8c90a35a2a8f5d0802e30688a75717829346e89]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-12

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

NIKE, DOVE, AND COKE AMONG GEN Z‚ÄôS TOP 10 MOST AUTHENTIC BRANDS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/nike-dove-coke-among-gen-zs-top-10-most-authentic-brands-ypulse/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YPulse interviewed over 42,000 13-22 year olds within North America to
rank the top 50 most authentic brands in 2023. Gen Zs define authentic
brands as being ‚Äútrue to themselves‚Äù and staying honest and
transparent about their business practices, messaging, and products.
This post explains why Nike is #1 on the list, how Dove caters to
young people via TikTok and video games, and how Coca-Cola built its
cult following. 

GOOGLE SEARCH ANTITRUST TRIAL READY TO BEGIN: WHAT‚ÄôS AT STAKE (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-search-antitrust-trial-ready-to-begin-whats-at-stake-431844?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The search antitrust trial against Google focuses on the company‚Äôs
popular search engine, alleging Google used its 90% market share to
illegally throttle competition in both search and search advertising.
If the DOJ wins, it could mean lower costs for advertisers or other
changes. If Google wins, additional tech regulation may be harder to
achieve. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

CHEAT SHEET: A FULL FUNNEL GROWTH STRATEGY IN 4 STEPS (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-jean-hillion-growth_crafting-a-full-funnel-growth-strategy-is-activity-7106892006429192192-c8oO?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Creating or improving your growth strategy can feel daunting, but this
cheat sheet aims to simplify it. It outlines how to approach each
step‚Äîacquisition, activation, engagement, and monetization. 

6 NON-OBVIOUS STRATEGIES TO INCREASE CONVERSION RATES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2023/09/11/increase-conversion-rates?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Converting a higher percentage of users is a surefire way to increase
marketing campaign ROI. Tactics to improve conversion rate include
minimizing required fields, displaying social proof, and optimizing
web vitals. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

10 FREE CHROME EXTENSIONS AND APPS FOR CONTENT CREATORS TO SAVE TIME
(5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thetilt.com/business-operations/chrome-extensions-for-creators?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article highlights and rates 10 free Chrome extensions and apps
for content creators to increase productivity. It provides key
features for each tool. For example, Loom - screen recording, Scraper
- web data extraction, and Evernote Web Clipper - content
organization. 

MASTERING PERSONALIZATION IN DIGITAL MARKETING STRATEGY (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cmswire.com/digital-experience/mastering-personalization-in-digital-marketing-strategy/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A personalization model consists of three main components‚Äîthe
customer journey interacting with a brand, the personalized offers
such as tailored content or recommendations, and the rules that govern
which offers will be shown to which customers based on their
attributes. This guide covers examples of personalization models,
implementation considerations, and how to leverage propensity to
maximize results. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

INEFFECTIVE MESSAGING STARTS BEFORE A WORD OF COPY IS EVER WRITTEN
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/victoria-gamlen-4900801a_ineffective-messaging-starts-before-a-word-activity-7105535346909564928-Yqfh?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post argues that testing messaging is a waste of time if you
don‚Äôt understand or misidentify your ICP. Marketing messages
ultimately come out of a brand‚Äôs understanding of its target
customers and competitors. But if the early steps are done poorly,
then the messaging will never be right. Marketers seeing underwhelming
results should reevaluate if their target audience is actually right. 

A MARKETER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/natural-language-processing/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

NLP is a technique that enables AI to understand and interpret human
languages. It powers AI tools through topic clustering and sentiment
analysis, enabling marketers to extract brand insights from social
listening, reviews, and surveys. This article provides examples of how
brands leverage NLP to optimize their social data to improve audience
engagement and customer experience. 

GOOGLE TO REQUIRE AI DISCLOSURES ON POLITICAL ADS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/09/11/google-to-require-ai-disclosures-on-political-ads?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google is addressing the potential misuse of AI-generated content
ahead of the US presidential election. It‚Äôs introducing new
regulations for political ads, requiring disclosure when featuring
synthetic content, including AI-generated visuals or sounds. The
policy update is set to roll out in November. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

13 FREE MARKETING COURSES (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/girl-power-marketing_free-marketing-courses-to-level-up-yourself-activity-7107020753404846081-qDU_?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

From the fundamentals of digital marketing to building a paid media
strategy, this post contains a list of free courses to refresh or add
to your marketing tool belt. 

EBAY‚ÄôS NEW AI TOOL GENERATES PRODUCT LISTINGS FROM PHOTOS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/ebay-ai-magical-listing-product-descriptions-listings/693185/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Sellers can take or upload a photo in the eBay app and use the
‚Äúmagical listing‚Äù tool to generate titles, descriptions, release
dates, and other important information. 

FINOTTA USES GAMIFICATION TO INCREASE BANKS‚Äô USER ENGAGEMENT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bankingdive.com/news/fintech-finotta-gamification-engagement-digital-banking/692901/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Finotta's personalized financial guidance platform substantially
increased user engagement compared to other banking apps‚Äîleading to
a 25X increase in deposit growth. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=2bc3f1aa-512e-11ee-b759-dbbb33f7c76e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694516420&t=1694516618&s=9e78b373ce41f5093e19ba3797855b2c9c8f8377eb3f0b9153767bd6e469eb13].