# Articles TLDR Marketing 01-09-2023

YouTube is the dominant platform for Gen Z advertising¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=1ee43fe4-48aa-11ee-948e-ad34c7186ade&pt=campaign&t=1693566206&s=618007a6c29e1ca57d13c228a22ee00004e53fc674db2485910a247e17431e23]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-01

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ALMOST HALF OF GEN Z CAN RECALL YOUTUBE ADS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/gen-z-teens-youtube-ads-recall-431301?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube is the dominant platform for Gen Z advertising, with 60%
saying they watch ads rather than skip them. 45% of teens can recall
an ad they‚Äôve seen on YouTube, which is twice as likely than on
TikTok. 

GOOGLE INTRODUCES NEW LIMITED ADS SERVING POLICY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-new-policy-scams-misleading-ads-431463?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

In order to combat scams and misleading ads, Google Ads will limit the
reach of campaigns targeting specific brands from advertisers that do
not have a track record of good behavior. Google will also gauge
trustworthiness based on user feedback, advertising history, and
completion of identity verification. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW WE STOLE 2.3M SEO TRAFFIC FROM A COMPETITOR (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/jakezward_seo-heist-for-23m-traffic-activity-7102982421762990080-v6b0?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This brand took traffic share from a competitor by exporting their
site‚Äôs sitemap, generating a list of articles from that, and then
producing 1,800 pieces of content according to that list. In 16
months, they‚Äôve reached 340k in monthly traffic. They used AI to
write the content, but the strategy can be done with human writers. 

HOW MERRIAM-WEBSTER PERSONIFIES A DICTIONARY ON SOCIAL MEDIA (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.milkkarten.net/p/how-merriam-webster-personifies-a?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Merriam-Webster‚Äôs X account is more entertaining than you would
expect from a dictionary. In this interview, John Sabine, Social
Director for Merriam-Webster, discusses why brand accounts should feel
alive, make content they‚Äôd enjoy, and include humor that aligns with
the brand itself. 

HOW AI VOICE ORDERING THROUGH DOORDASH CAN BE APPLIED TO ALL
BUSINESSES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketingbs.substack.com/p/how-ai-voice-ordering-through-doordash?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Doordash‚Äôs new technology takes delivery orders over the phone using
AI, which may seem like a step back from online ordering. A
company‚Äôs goal is to meet the customer where they are and make their
transaction as convenient as possible. All brands should consider if
their purchase flows address the preferences of all potential
customers. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

CANNOLI (PRODUCT) [https://cannoli.app/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Seamlessly transform your Figma frames into email-ready code. 7 day
free trial available. 

OPTIMIZILLA: FREE IMAGE COMPRESSION FOR FAST PAGE LOAD TIMES (LINKEDIN
POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chris-long-marketing_technical-seo-tip-optimizilla-is-one-of-activity-7102978805371129856-NtMi?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Images often account for 60-65% of bytes on web pages. The smaller
your page content, the better it will perform. Optimizilla allows you
to quickly compress file types such as JPG, PNG, and GIF. 

SUBSTACK RELEASES AUDIO TRANSCRIPTION TOOL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://on.substack.com/p/transcription#details?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Substack now has an AI tool to create a clean transcript of your
podcast episode or narration without having to do anything more than
click a button, which can then be posted on social media. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SOCIAL MEDIA IS DEAD (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.businessinsider.com/social-media-dead-instagram-tiktok-bereal-replaced-group-chats-messaging-2023-8/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This think-piece sheds light on user fatigue with social platforms and
how people are reverting back to an old-school way of interacting -
via smaller and hyper-specific communities. This presents a problem
for influencers and brands since smaller and direct spaces are harder
to penetrate. 

AMAZON IS QUIETLY BUILDING THE MOST POWERFUL ADVERTISING MACHINE IN
THE WORLD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-is-quietly-building-the-most-powerful-advertising-machine-in-the-world-135753395.html?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Amazon's ad business revenue has grown 22% year over year. The wealth
of data and the strong reinforcing synergy with its marketplace and
physical stores have marketers calling Amazon a ‚Äúmarketing
machine‚Äù and not a retailer anymore. 

THIS WORDPRESS CONTACT FORM BUILDER IS VULNERABLE TO HACKING (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.wordfence.com/threat-intel/vulnerabilities/wordpress-plugins/metform/metform-elementor-contact-form-builder-331-authenticated-subscriber-information-disclosure-via-mf-first-name-shortcode?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The Metform Elementor Contact Form Builder for WordPress has a
security vulnerability. Authenticated attackers can obtain sensitive
information about website form submissions, including first names.
Websites using this feature should update the plugin to the latest
version to prevent a security breach. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

7 RULES TO GO FROM GOOD TO GREAT MARKETER (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/pierre-herubel-540b3949_7-rules-to-go-from-good-to-great-marketer-activity-7102984730161094656-psua/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A great marketer puts systems in place to save time and think more
strategically. 

15 MOST COMMON TECHNICAL SEO ISSUES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://ahrefs.com/blog/site-audit-study/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The top technical SEO issues are 3XX redirects, HTTP to HTTPS
redirects, and missing alt attributes - and all 3 are straightforward
to fix. 

REDDIT LAUNCHES AI-POWERED KEYWORD RESEARCH TOOL (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/reddit-launches-ai-powered-keyword-research-tool-431394?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Reddit is rolling out Keyword Suggestions ‚Äì a new feature to boost
its ad targeting capabilities. It uses machine learning to generate
relevant keywords and then ranks each suggestion by monthly Reddit
views while filtering out unsuitable content. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=1ee43fe4-48aa-11ee-948e-ad34c7186ade&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693566020&t=1693566206&s=85932bd0a0eafb6997b179830c25e783f4d8975595698d04882af8914fd853b5].