# Articles TLDR Marketing 21-09-2023

Meta is now offering verification badges on Facebook and Instagram at
a significantly lower cost than Xs business verification service¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=038af7ee-5857-11ee-87dd-b769abd140ec&pt=campaign&t=1695294254&s=67e03af7b2b8699f86f4d361f5a43d4d2743f373f21f221ade043c9fb1e12806]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-21

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

META VERIFIED FOR BUSINESS WILL COST $965 LESS PER MONTH THAN X'S
BUSINESS VERIFICATION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/meta-verified-for-business-pricing-facebook-instagram?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Meta is now offering verification badges on Facebook and Instagram at
a significantly lower cost than X's business verification service. The
subscription for a single account on either platform will cost $21.99
per month, or $27.99 per month on mobile devices, compared to X's
$1,000. The verification includes features like a blue checkmark
badge, impersonation protection, premium customer support, and
improved discoverability. 

MICROSOFT ADVERTISING LAUNCHES NEW VIDEO AD PRODUCT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/microsoft-advertising-launches-new-video-ad-product-432188?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Microsoft launched a new video ad product, Video and Connected TV
(CTV) ads, enabling businesses to create online video and CTV ad
campaigns. The ads will be served across Microsoft's sites, publisher
partners, and on connected TV in the US, with more publishers expected
to be added as the product expands. 

YOUTUBE‚ÄôS CRACKDOWN ON AD BLOCKERS INTENSIFIES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/youtubes-crackdown-on-ad-blockers-intensifies-432213?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

YouTube has been showing ad blocker users more aggressive prompts that
block the video player and warn them to either allow ads or subscribe
to YouTube Premium. The company has been taking more measures against
ad blockers to ensure its content creators are compensated for their
work. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW CONTENT CAN VALIDATE YOUR NEXT PRODUCT IDEA (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.animalz.co/blog/content-led-product/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post shares a unique approach to product development called
‚Äúcontent-led product‚Äù. The approach helps validate ideas and
organic traffic potential without building anything. This could be a
potential tactic for SaaS companies where product building is
expensive, marketing is often an afterthought, and survival depends on
getting new users through the door as quickly as possible. 

USE THE ‚ÄúEY, OH!‚Äù FRAMEWORK TO WRITE COPY THAT DRIVES ACTION (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/patrick-james-cumming_use-the-ey-oh-framework-to-write-enticing-activity-7110141328734199808-l_r3/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The ‚ÄúEy, Oh!‚Äù framework entails skipping boring copy in favor of
emotions and outcomes. Boilerplate CTAs and copy could be costing you
conversions. For example, instead of ‚ÄúRead our resources‚Äù or
‚ÄúSign up today,‚Äù use ‚ÄúBecome a social media growth wizard‚Äù or
‚ÄúStart accelerating pipeline today.‚Äù 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

YOUR GUIDE TO CAC PAYBACK PERIOD (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/kylepoyar/p/your-guide-to-cac-payback-period?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

CAC payback period is a vital metric for startups and SaaS companies.
It indicates how long it takes to recoup customer acquisition costs
(CAC). A "good" CAC payback period varies based on target customers,
with smaller companies aiming for <12 months, 100-120% net dollar
retention (NDR) companies looking at 12-18 months, and high NDR
companies having more flexibility. Factors such as R&D investment
should be considered when calculating CAC payback, and a holistic view
of efficiency metrics should be adopted. 

HOW TO MEASURE WHAT MARKETING ACTIVITIES ARE ACTUALLY DRIVING REVENUE
(15 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsletter.mkt1.co/p/marketing-analytics?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide breaks down the reporting and attribution must-haves at the
early and growth stages. In detail, it covers how to map your funnel
and start tracking the right data, generate full-funnel reports with
attribution, use reports to understand the impact of marketing
activities, and turn this work into a bottoms-up forecast. 

LEAH‚ÄôS PRODUCT-MARKET FIT GUIDE 2.0 (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.leahtharin.com/p/leahs-product-market-fit-guide/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This guide, written by Leah Tharin who specializes in product-led
growth, explains the concept of product-market fit, tools to find it,
ways to measure it, and common misunderstandings around it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TOP 6 GENERATIVE AI CERTIFICATIONS FOR MARKETERS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cmswire.com/digital-marketing/top-6-generative-ai-certifications-for-marketers/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Generative AI is transforming content creation and customer
experiences. This article explores 6 Gen-AI certifications from
Microsoft, Google, Coursera, and LinkedIn. 

H&M IS EXPANDING RETURN FEES FOR NON-LOYALTY MEMBERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.retaildive.com/news/hm-expanding-online-return-fees-more-markets/694207/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

H&M is expanding its online return fee policy to more markets outside
of the UK, including the US. The brand charges a fee on online
returns, but only to customers who aren‚Äôt enrolled in its loyalty
program. In-store returns will continue to be free. This is a strategy
to increase loyalty signups and in-store traffic while also retaining
more revenue from refunded items. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A CONVERSATION WITH TRUFF‚ÄôS DIRECTOR OF MARKETING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/09/20/a-conversation-with-truff-s-director-of-marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Michelle Gabe used her past agency experience to land big brand
collaborations with partners like Taco Bell and The Super Mario movie.
She also revealed that many of Truff‚Äôs celebrity acknowledgments
occurred organically or through carefully sent samples. 

SHOULD WE PUBLISH PRICING ON OUR WEBSITE? (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chriswalker171_marketing-b2b-sales-activity-7109884203692933123--7LP?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A quick think-piece on why B2B companies who claim to be
customer-centric should publish pricing on their websites. 

4 METRICS THAT SHOW WHETHER YOUR SMS STRATEGY WORKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/alex-beller-70452852_something-we-talk-about-a-lot-at-postscript-activity-7109563173640314883-0MVt?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post describes 4 metrics that factor into the LTV of a successful
SMS program: acquisition rate, revenue per message, messages per
subscriber, and retention rate. 

NAILING PRODUCT POSITIONING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/matthew-reeves-goldpan_productmarketing-marketing-positioning-activity-7110017232776155136-MlmJ/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This post highlights 5 questions product marketers should ask before
writing compelling product positioning and messaging. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=038af7ee-5857-11ee-87dd-b769abd140ec&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695294020&t=1695294254&s=60da45dfa5391fb1e0572736e780d45ee68f35dd545fdc1ef5f626a7fb01fc24].