# Articles TLDR Marketing 12-10-2023

Google AdMob will soon allow ad units with incentives to improve
engagement.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d10181d2-68cb-11ee-8a8f-c703529104b6&pt=campaign&t=1697108970&s=829a361b0825783fd4a5f85f21799d5c12433a7e2fa01018d4e35bd19271fcc1]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-12

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ADMOB POLICY UPDATE: INDIRECT MONETARY ITEMS CAN BE OFFERED AS REWARDS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.org/admob-policy-update-indirect-monetary-items-can-be-offered-as-rewards/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Google AdMob will soon allow ad units with incentives to improve
engagement. Incentives include discounts, loyalty points, in-game
items, and free shipping. Advertisers now have the option to request
an appeal for ad units that were previously disapproved under the
former policy. Direct monetary items such as cash, cryptocurrency, and
gift cards remain disallowed as rewards under any circumstance. The
new policy goes into effect on October 31st. 

EU ALSO WARNS META OVER ILLEGAL CONTENT, DISINFO TARGETING
ISRAEL-HAMAS WAR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/11/meta-dsa-warning/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The European Union has extended a warning about illegal content and
disinformation related to the Israel-Hamas conflict to Meta. The EU's
internal market commissioner urged Meta to ensure compliance with
Digital Services Act rules, emphasizing the need for effective
measures against the dissemination of illegal content and
disinformation. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW CONVERSIONWISE INCREASED REVENUE PER SESSION BY 26% WITH A WEB
BANNER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://cxl.com/blog/increase-revenue-per-session-with-a-clickable-usp-message/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

ConversionWise added a clickable announcement bar highlighting a
unique selling proposition (USP) and linked it to high-margin product
bundles. The site‚Äôs heatmap data showed that users had previously
been trying to click the static announcement bar, while surveys
indicated that the product guarantee was the most compelling USP.
ConversionWise combined the two findings to increase conversion and
ultimately increased revenue per session by 26%. 

HOW TO FUTURE-PROOF YOUR SEO STRATEGY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/kylepoyar/p/how-to-future-proof-your-seo-strategy?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Links, backlinks, and domain authority may not matter much in the
future with Gen AI reshaping search results and the user experience.
This new Gen AI search world now has SGE/ChatGPT answering all
top-of-funnel search questions. To win with SEO in 2024, brands will
have to shift their efforts toward building keywords for mid-funnel
users. 

WHY THE LEAST MEASURABLE MARKETING CHANNELS TEND TO PERFORM BEST (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://sparktoro.com/blog/why-the-least-measurable-marketing-channels-tend-to-perform-best-5-minute-whiteboard/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This video transcript discusses the challenge of measuring marketing
channels like organic social content and PR. It‚Äôs often harder to
prove ROI quickly in comparison to digital advertising platforms.
These long-tail channels can be measured by metrics like follows,
comments, likes, and views, which lead to sales or conversions over
time and often outperform paid channels. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

5 AI TOOLS TO CREATE SOCIAL MEDIA VIDEOS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/ai-tools-to-create-social-media-videos?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Videoleap transforms existing videos artistically for more views and
engagements. Vizard repurposes YouTube videos into clips suitable for
TikTok and Instagram. Krea and Genmo generate videos from text
prompts. Boolvideo turns pictures into short videos in seconds. 

SUSTAINED VIRALITY PLAYBOOK - FRAMEWORKS AND CASE STUDIES FOR ENDURING
WORD OF MOUTH (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/startupgtm/p/sustained-virality-playbook-frameworks?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article explores the concept of "Sustained Virality" in the
context of business growth. It discusses the mechanics of creating
lasting word-of-mouth impact and the role of community-led growth. It
also contains case studies and a framework to understand the different
dynamics of virality. 

GUIDE TO SMS SHORT CODES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drip.com/blog/sms-short-codes/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

91% of consumers are interested in signing up to receive text messages
from brands and 90% of messages are read within the first 3 minutes.
SMS short codes are one of the main tools in sending SMS marketing
campaigns. This guide covers the benefits of short codes, best
practices, tips, and alternatives. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHY YOU SHOULD FAIL 50% OF YOUR EXPERIMENTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://elenaverna.substack.com/p/failing-ftw-why-you-should-fail-50?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Running growth experiments only for quick KPI wins leads to short-term
progress, while rigorous experiments ultimately yield repeatable wins.
Fast-growing companies aim for a failure rate of 50%+ in their tests.
Growth teams should build intentional rituals and processes that
reinforce a culture of learning. 

AI RISKS: CAN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AFFECT YOUR BRAND EQUITY? (11
MINUTE READ)
[https://moz.com/blog/risks-of-ai-with-brand-equity?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

AI can boost brand equity when used appropriately by enhancing
authentic customer interactions. However, overuse or misuse of
AI-generated content can lead to a loss of personal touch, privacy
concerns, misalignment with brand identity, and a lack of human
interaction. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW THE IMPULSE APP USES GAMIFICATION TO DRIVE ENGAGEMENT & RETENTION
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegrowthmind.substack.com/p/how-gamification-powers-engagement?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Impulse, a mobile app that does brain training, uses a daily task
list, streaks, badges, score progression, and rankings to engage and
retain users. 

7 EXAMPLES OF INFLUENCER MARKETING CAMPAIGNS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://sproutsocial.com/insights/influencer-marketing-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Get inspiration from these 7 examples of influencer campaigns from
brands including Dove, Dunkin', and Gymshark. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=d10181d2-68cb-11ee-8a8f-c703529104b6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697108664&t=1697108970&s=b978bb10ccbc98cdef171f1d4eaac87f606878c3ff6569a9480d7dd861df9d3e].