# Articles TLDR Marketing 30-08-2023

SynthID can generate a watermark that is invisible to the human eye
but easily caught by a dedicated AI detection tool.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=92e91ce0-4713-11ee-847d-d132523ef733&pt=campaign&t=1693393424&s=a59cce716caec8a270956efd31a0194fc9a17351ce474505d4f310a1e4a01825]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-08-30

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

THE SYNTHID WATERMARK FROM GOOGLE DEEPMIND CAN DETECT AI-GENERATED
IMAGES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/29/23849107/synthid-google-deepmind-ai-image-detector?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

SynthID can generate a watermark that is invisible to the human eye
but easily caught by a dedicated AI detection tool. Google Cloud
customers who use the Vertex AI platform and Imagen image generator
will be able to embed and detect the watermark. Google hopes SynthID
will become an internet-wide standard in the future. 

X ADDS MORE REFINEMENTS TO COMMUNITY NOTES, WHICH IS BECOMING A MORE
VIABLE MODERATION TOOL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/x-adds-more-refinements-to-community-notes-which-is-becoming-a-more-viable/692225/?urm_source=tldrmarketing]

Community Notes requires consensus among participant ratings for a
note to be appended to a post. X is adding a ‚ÄúNeeds Your Help‚Äù
timeline to get more ratings in order to increase the number of live
notes. X also updated its scoring algorithm to reduce the amount of
notes that appear and disappear. 

11 REAL SOCIAL MEDIA TRENDS FOR 2023 (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://marketinginsidergroup.com/content-marketing/11-real-social-media-trends-for-2023-what-insiders-wont-tell-you/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

These trends help brands craft strategies that connect with audiences,
enhance brand visibility, and drive business growth. They include
creating content that educate and entertain in the form of bite-sized
digestible formats, using employees as brand advocates on their
personal social accounts, and tapping into the booming creator
economy. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

VOICE SEARCH OPTIMIZATION: 6 TIPS TO IMPROVE YOUR RESULTS (12 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/voice-search-optimization?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

As the number of digital voice assistants grows, people are using
voice search more often. This article contains optimization tips
including focusing on long-tail and question keywords, practicing
local SEO, and improving your site's technical SEO. 

HOW TO MINE SEARCH CONSOLE FOR LONG-TAIL KEYWORD OPPORTUNITIES
(LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chris-long-marketing_60-second-seo-how-to-mine-search-console-activity-7102262747664396289-aCOV?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Search for question modifiers in GSC using custom regex to identify
keywords that your site ranks poorly for. Update existing content or
create new pages to target these longer-tail phrases. 

WHAT IS ON-PAGE SEO? TIPS AND EXAMPLES (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://foundationinc.co/lab/on-page-seo?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article covers 7 on-page SEO best practices to avoid wasting
content marketing dollars. Create quality content for high impact
keywords, like Asana did to rank for ‚Äúmorning routine‚Äù and related
keywords. Next, bolster the content with effective metadata, header
tags, optimized images, internal links, and mobile optimization. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

SWIFTO (PRODUCT) [https://swifto.ai/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Swifto uses AI to automate your site‚Äôs A/B testing. It auto-detects
the best-performing variant and dynamically allocates traffic. 

TEXTFX: GOOGLE‚ÄôS BETA COPYWRITING TOOL (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/uttammgupta_thegrowthguy-marketing-growth-activity-7101820149258743808-8Jl8?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

TextFX is an AI copywriting tool powered by Google's PaLM 2. It
originated from an AI experiment in collaboration with Grammy-award
winning rapper, Lupe Fiasco. This post shares how marketers can use it
to break down a product name into catchy phrases for campaigns,
evaluate a market trend from different customer angles, and more. 

7 INSPIRING CONTENT MARKETING EXAMPLES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ahrefs.com/blog/content-marketing-examples/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article contains campaigns and content from brands that performed
well and provides reasons why. Examples include Adobe's free image
background remover, Cars.com's auto loan calculator, and CoinDesk‚Äôs
Bitcoin market data. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

85% OF TITLES FEATURE KEYWORDS IN POSITIONS 1-5 OF GOOGLE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/titles-meta-descriptions-ranking-research-431310?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Title tags that include keywords rank in the top 5 positions of Google
85% of the time. Additionally, 90% of the rankings in the top 1-5 use
either title or sentence case in titles and meta descriptions. It‚Äôs
good to revisit fundamental SEO elements like these to ensure
they‚Äôre not hurting your rankings. 

PROACTIVE DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY: 5 STRATEGIES TO SHIFT LEFT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.onwardsearch.com/blog/2023/08/proactive-digital-accessibility-5-strategies-to-shift-left/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Digital accessibility isn‚Äôt only about being inclusive but also
about fulfilling legal and ethical obligations. This article explores
5 strategies for weaving digital accessibility deeply into the fabric
of your company. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW A PICTURE FRAME COMPANY CATAPULTED TO BRAND MATTEL INC. (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.marketingmind.in/how-a-picture-frame-company-catapulted-to-brand-mattel-inc/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Mattel started by selling picture frames and using leftover wood to
build dollhouse furniture before creating Barbie, Hot Wheels, and many
other successful toys. 

DRONE AERIAL ADVERTISING STARTUP GETS GREEN LIGHT FROM AVIATION
AUTHORITIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingbrew.com/stories/2023/08/29/drone-aerial-advertising-startup-gets-green-light-from-aviation-authorities?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Sustainable Skylines just received FAA approval to fly drones with
aerial ad banners. It is planning to start operations in Miami Beach
before expanding. 

MARKETERS BEWARE: AI WILL ACCELERATE ONLINE MISINFORMATION THIS
ELECTION CYCLE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.adexchanger.com/data-driven-thinking/marketers-beware-ai-will-accelerate-online-misinformation-this-election-cycle/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

With the 2024 presidential election approaching and the lack of
regulation, there is concern that AI will be widely used to propagate
political misinformation. 

RED FLAGS WHEN HIRING A STARTUP MARKETING EXEC (LINKEDIN POST)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/weskao_red-flags-when-hiring-a-startup-marketing-activity-7099754403984809984-fsDE?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

These include asking repeatedly when they'll get headcount, insisting
on overhauling marketing tech stack before anything else, and being
rusty on current channels and tactics. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=92e91ce0-4713-11ee-847d-d132523ef733&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693393225&t=1693393424&s=ff83d40c6a5918ce41384c1d3dca6a931bb2d68e3c8b55441783a54935a01722].