# Articles TLDR Marketing 19-09-2023

Elon Musk is planning to transition X to a paid-for platform for all
users to address rampant bot activity¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9613934a-56be-11ee-8ab0-6dd8811a4a80&pt=campaign&t=1695121425&s=af8620bc833c44e04b32c49fda04e8a6b2c56e0feec9eeaf5ea9140ff4fe4a85]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-19

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ELON MUSK PLANS TO MAKE X A PAID-FOR PLATFORM TO TACKLE BOTS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/elon-musk-x-twitter-paid-for-platform-bots-432119?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Elon Musk is planning to transition X to a paid-for platform for all
users to address rampant bot activity. Musk did not specify how much
the plans would cost or what features would be included at the lowest
tier. This could improve ad impression quality for advertisers, but
would also reduce the audience size significantly. 

WORDPRESS IS COMING TO THE FEDIVERSE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/wordpress-activitypub-fediverse?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

WordPress released an ActivityPub plugin that allows users to connect
their blogs to other social media platforms on the fediverse. The
fediverse refers to a decentralized social network that allows users
to have an account on one service and post on other services. The WP
plugin works with many tested federated platforms, including Mastodon,
Pleroma/Akkoma, Hubzilla, and Pixelfed. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

3 VIRAL LOOPS TO BOOST GROWTH (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://thegrowthmind.substack.com/p/3-viral-loops-to-boost-growth?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Viral loops are powerful because they‚Äôre cost-efficient, scalable,
and provide brand exposure. 3 ways to create virality include helping
users share their achievements on social media, building incentivized
referral programs, and making a product embeddable. This article
includes real-life examples from Duolingo, Intercom, and Strava. 

A CONVERSATION WITH HOTJAR: HOW THEY SCALED ORGANIC TRAFFIC INTO
MILLIONS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/how-hotjar-scaled-organic-traffic?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Hotjar is a product experience tool that offers insights into customer
behavior. The company grew non-branded organic search traffic by 734%
in 3 years and grew its paying customer base by 1,398% in the same
period. To achieve that, it embraced product-led content, clustered
content around the customer journey, and powered keyword research with
customer insights. 

HOW POLYGON SCALED THROUGH COMMUNITY-LED GROWTH (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/startupgtm/p/how-polygon-scaled-through-community?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Polygon Labs is a blockchain platform that grew rapidly through
several community development initiatives. This post discusses the
intersection of growth, partnerships, and community in tech startups. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

2023 AI IN EMAIL MARKETING RESEARCH REPORT (24 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.rpeorigin.com/2023-ai-in-email-marketing-research-report/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This report takes a look at the future of the email marketing channel.
With this information, it can help you develop a roadmap, allocate
resources, and see where top companies are applying AI to their
strategies. No information is required to download the report. 

9 STEP FRAMEWORK TO CREATE KEYWORD CLUSTERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7109520097399996417?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Each page or blog post should target 3-10 organic search keywords in a
cluster. This post explains 9 simple steps to create keyword clusters
to use for content creation or optimization. The process includes
selecting your primary keyword, using an SEO tool to identify related
terms, and researching each one to ensure they have similar search
intent. 

UNLOCK THE POWER OF MONEY WORDS: WRITE COPY THAT CONVERTS (18 MINUTE
READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/unlock-the-power-of-money-words-how-founders-can-write-copy-that-converts#lose-money-word-3-and#?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The words we use, or don‚Äôt use, impact decisions and money. Money
words can persuade users to action. This guide outlines the psychology
behind copy best practices, such as making the consumer the
grammatical subject of a sentence, focusing on the benefits users
gain, and avoiding lose-money words that distract. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SEARCH RESULTS OFTEN DIFFER BETWEEN SINGULAR AND PLURAL KEYWORDS (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/lidiainfante_choosing-between-singular-and-plural-keywords-activity-7109524810438696960-Xf0J?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A study of search results found that singular keyword results are
often different from their plural counterparts. Specifically, singular
keywords often lean towards informational searches, while plural
keywords are more about shopping. Moreover, Google will display
different features in the search results, indicating varied user
intent. Marketers should include the most appropriate version of the
keyword in the page URL. 

FRAMING EFFECT: WHY CONTEXT AFFECTS DECISIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://growth.design/case-studies/framing-effect?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article explores how the framing effect can be used to improve
user engagement and provides examples from YouTube, HelloFresh, Gmail,
and Google Search. It also gives examples of how the tactic can be
damaging if used incorrectly or unethically. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW AIRBNB IS USING ITS MARKETING TO TRANSCEND LOCAL RENTAL
RESTRICTIONS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/airbnb-marketing-campaign-new-york-city-rental-law/693509/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Despite local rental restrictions across various cities including NYC
most recently, Airbnb continues to thrive. Its latest marketing
campaign shows how they are differentiating from hotels to grow. 

3 TIPS FOR MICRO-STORYTELLING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7107845419526754305/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

A good storytelling post includes a simple story arch, teaching point,
and a clear CTA. 

FTC STAFF PAPER DETAILS POTENTIAL HARMS TO KIDS FROM BLURRED
ADVERTISING, RECOMMENDS MARKETERS STEER CLEAR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/news/press-releases/2023/09/ftc-staff-paper-details-potential-harms-kids-blurred-advertising-recommends-marketers-steer-clear/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

FTC released new recommendations for advertisers to clearly
distinguish between entertainment and ads to limit potential harms to
children. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=9613934a-56be-11ee-8ab0-6dd8811a4a80&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695121221&t=1695121425&s=7f63e4bed27138f5e908f36361f8308eae825dd175ad32baed985ce7dde47985].