# Articles TLDR Marketing 24-05-2024

Pixar tailors unique voices and tones for each social media platform
it uses to engage specific demographics effectively  

 Sign Up [1] |Advertise [2]|View Online [3] 

		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2024-05-24

📱 

NEWS & TRENDS

 THE NEXT FOOD MARKETING BLITZ IS AIMED AT PEOPLE ON NEW WEIGHT-LOSS
DRUGS (2 MINUTE READ) [4] 

 Food manufacturers are adjusting their strategies to cater to the
dietary changes of the increasing number of consumers on weight-loss
drugs. Major companies like Nestlé and WeightWatchers are introducing
new product lines and programs specifically designed for people taking
GLP-1 drugs, focusing on portion control and healthier ingredients.
Analysts recommend that brands adapt by increasing prices, promoting
healthier products, and responding to the shifting demands of a
health-conscious consumer base. 

 PINTEREST'S SUMMER 2024 TREND REPORT: EMBRACE BIG, BOLD STYLE (4
MINUTE READ) [5] 

 Bold and colorful aesthetics are this year's key trend for fashion,
beauty, home decor, and food. Maximalist fashion will dominate with
Y2K and 90s beauty trends making a comeback, including bold bobs,
braids, and fruit-inspired nails. Home decor will embrace “dopamine
decor”, featuring vibrant and personalized designs inspired by
eclectic vintage styles and Nancy Myers' signature warmth. Summer
entertaining will see a rise in tea parties and themed dinner parties,
inspired by the new Bridgerton season. Food trends will focus on
innovative recipes for mangoes, avocados, and sourdough experiments. 

🚀 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 THE PIXAR SOCIAL MEDIA STRATEGY (4 MINUTE READ) [6] 

 Pixar tailors unique voices and tones for each social media platform
it uses to engage specific demographics effectively. On Threads, it
adopts a trendy, experimental tone, while TikTok content is aimed at
Gen Z with trend-heavy, ‘TikTokish' content. X is used for company
updates and trends targeting millennials. Its Instagram account
features polished content for a broader audience, and its Facebook
focuses on global millennials. This approach increased overall
engagement by 47% and resulted in a 126% increase in followers aged
13-25. 

 SEVEN WAYS TO MAKE YOUR TESTIMONIALS WORK HARDER (6 MINUTE READ) [7] 

 Testimonials on websites are typically buried, too long, or too
vague. To make your testimonials more visible, ensure some social
proof is above the fold, consider using one as a headline, and make
them easy to consume. Make them more effective by showing the target
audience that the testimonial writer is one of them, having a
testimonial next to each major benefit, avoiding general testimonials
and shooting for ‘too many' of them if possible. 

 HOW TO MARKET FEATURES TO EXISTING CUSTOMERS (11 MINUTE READ) [8] 

 Existing customers are the best source of feedback for new releases
and timely feature launches can help with long-term retention.
However, the GTM strategy overlooks existing users too often in favor
of new user acquisition. PMs and PMMs should begin collaborating on
problem alignment and customer segmentation as soon as designers start
working on the feature. From there, the PMM should start sketching out
preliminary messaging and GTM tactics in the PRD. As the feature
progresses, the PM and PMM should continue to collaborate on
messaging, rollout strategy, awareness tactics, and post-launch
analysis. 

🧑‍💻 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 POSITIONING BY CUSTOMER JOURNEY STAGE (2 MINUTE READ) [9] 

 This post provides a framework for determining product positioning
based on the customer's stage in the buying journey. At each stage,
the customer is evaluating a different set of questions, which means
your product has a different set of competition. The post walks
through how Gong, a revenue intelligence platform, could apply this
framework to its positioning. 

 INSIDE SNAP'S NEW AD PLATFORM IMPROVEMENTS (5 MINUTE READ) [10] 

 Snap has announced a series of enhancements to its ad system aimed at
providing improved results for all ad partners. This includes new ad
formats that use its full-screen display to showcase ad offers and
messaging. The platform has also implemented a streamlined app
download experience for app advertisers, enabling users to install
apps without leaving Snapchat. Snap is offering a new way to bid on
click-through conversions within seven days called “7/0 delivery
optimization” and is testing an option to bid on the value of
purchases driven, not just the quantity of purchases. Additional
improvements are covered in the blog post. 

🎁 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HUNTER'S GROWTH STORY: HOW TO REACH 4 MILLION USERS IN A CROWDED
MARKET (7 MINUTE READ) [11] 

 This case study discusses how Hunter, an email outreach platform,
reached over 4 million users in a competitive market through
innovative product development, a strong product/market fit, and a
product-led growth model. The company leveraged inbound marketing,
SEO, and word-of-mouth virality to drive early growth, while
continuously enhancing its core features and launching new ones like
Hunter Signals to meet evolving customer needs. Hunter maintained
competitiveness and sustained user growth over time by focusing on
analytics, reducing friction in the user experience, and employing
strategic product marketing. 

 THE ALLURE AND DOWNSIDES OF IMAGE-ONLY EMAILS (7 MINUTE READ) [12] 

 Image-only emails are visually stunning and a source of great design
inspiration. However, they present accessibility issues and can be
challenging to read on smaller mobile screens. They also often face
rendering problems and slow load times and perform poorly in inbox
searches. It's important to combine images with HTML text to balance
aesthetics and functionality. 

 BANNED OR NOT, TIKTOK IS A FORCE COMPANIES CAN'T AFFORD TO IGNORE (6
MINUTE READ) [13] 

 Companies that dismiss TikTok as merely a platform for teenagers are
missing out on a significant business opportunity. TikTok's algorithms
precisely understand user behavior, making it a powerful tool for
tailored content delivery. The platform has been able to forge a deep
connection with its users, with over half of them saying they're more
likely to trust brands after learning about them from TikTok creators
(versus advertising from companies). A US ban of the app could hinder
American companies from learning and adapting these technologies,
ultimately affecting their competitive edge in the market. 

⚡ 

QUICK LINKS

 LIQUID DEATH'S CART ABANDONMENT EMAIL (1 MINUTE READ) [14] 

 A screenshot of Liquid Death's cheeky copy for its cart abandonment
email. 

 RECENT LINKEDIN TRENDS IN REACH, ENGAGEMENT, AND FOLLOWER GROWTH (2
MINUTE READ) [15] 

 Creators on LinkedIn have experienced a 35-55% decline in
impressions, follower growth, and engagement over the last few months.


Love TLDR? Tell your friends and get rewards!

 Share your referral link below with friends to get free TLDR swag! 

 https://refer.tldr.tech/137c5adb/5 [16] 

		 Track your referrals here. [17] 

Want to advertise in TLDR? 📰

 If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[18]. 

 If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh, Maddi Salmon & Joao Kodama 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing, please
unsubscribe from TLDR Marketing [19] or manage all of your TLDR
newsletter subscriptions [20]. 

 

Links:
------
[1] https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[2] https://advertise.tldr.tech/tldr-marketing-and-design-sponsorship-opportunities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisetopnav
[3] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=ac58af1c-19b6-11ef-a498-83aabb0762f6&pt=campaign&t=1716548558&s=2069673ae7537d788a4e9e57bee1e99f9daf274d22ac5e3373d66783537bbbad
[4] https://arstechnica.com/science/2024/05/with-weight-loss-drugs-booming-companies-target-dieters-with-new-foods/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[5] https://newsroom.pinterest.com/news/summer-trends-report-2024/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[6] https://futuresocial.beehiiv.com/p/pixar-social-media-strategy?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[7] https://conversion-rate-experts.com/seven-ways-to-make-your-testimonials-work-harder-copywriting-friday/?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[8] https://aatir.substack.com/p/how-to-announce-features-to-existing?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[9] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/anthonypierri_productmarketing-saas-startups-activity-7199427945923293189-9J8h?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[10] https://forbusiness.snapchat.com/blog/ad-platform-dr-improvements-2024?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[11] https://thegrowthmind.substack.com/p/hunter-growth-story?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[12] https://emaillove.com/does-email-love-love-image-only-emails?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[13] https://hbswk.hbs.edu/item/banned-or-not-tiktok-is-a-force-companies-cant-afford-to-ignore?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[14] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/welewelagedara_best-cart-abandonment-email-ever-its-activity-7199223193822248960-809o?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[15] https://www.linkedin.com/posts/richardvanderblom_update-on-trends-in-reach-engagement-follower-activity-7199297331211452416-svI9?utm_source=tldrmarketing
[16] https://refer.tldr.tech/137c5adb/5
[17] https://hub.sparklp.co/sub_1d5b97dcd683/5
[18] https://advertise.tldr.tech/tldr-marketing-and-design-sponsorship-opportunities/?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=advertisecta
[19] https://a.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=ac58af1c-19b6-11ef-a498-83aabb0762f6&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1716548444&t=1716548558&s=381b64ed1e66d8c93fb99231c6f83d5c374cb12cbf8feb7cf219cd86228dd48e
[20] https://tldr.tech/marketing/manage?email=blockchaincryptologue%40gmail.com