# Articles TLDR Marketing 14-09-2023

WhatsApp is launching its Channels feature in over 150 countries.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e9aabd80-52e0-11ee-8f29-9b5defcefcd2&pt=campaign&t=1694689423&s=c89a8aa005c6237618e6f898655af5a5e87fa422801a9b27753fb81a60a756af]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-09-14

üì±

NEWS & TRENDS

PINTEREST UNVEILS NEW AD TOOLS AND CREATIVE OPTIONS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/pinterest-unveils-new-ad-tools-and-creative-options-at-pinterest-presents/693635/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Pinterest announced a range of new ad products and display options,
such as making its prominent Premiere Spotlight ad units available in
more places in the app. It‚Äôs now possible to run similar-sized ads
in user home feeds as well. Pinterest is also launching Showcase and
Quiz in-stream ads, direct website linking, Salesforce and Adobe
integrations, and a new tool for generating lifestyle imagery.

WHATSAPP CHANNELS LET YOU FOLLOW ACCOUNTS LIKE A SOCIAL MEDIA APP (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/09/13/whatsapp-channels-let-you-follow-accounts-like-a-social-media-app/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

WhatsApp is launching its Channels feature in over 150 countries.
Channels allows users to follow artists, organizations, sports teams,
and thought leaders, similar to following someone on social media
platforms like Threads. The feature is designed to be privacy-centric
and it features a directory to find channels and emoji reactions.

üöÄ

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

9 STEP WEBSITE REDESIGN PROCESS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/tasbober_ive-been-a-part-of-400-website-redesign-activity-7107694428680544256-v4X4?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Website redesigns often go poorly due to disorganization or
misordering of steps. This framework provides a clear outline for how
to approach a redesign the right way. Importantly, companies should
not begin working on visual design until content and architecture have
already been established.

9 AMAZON REVIEWS BEST PRACTICES TO BOOST SALES AND TRUST (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/amazon-reviews-best-practices-sales-trust-431879?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Amazon reviews are crucial for sellers as they impact consumer trust,
provide product information and quality assurance, and help build
reputation. This article covers best practices, including leveraging
Amazon Vine to get reviews on new and pre-release products, gathering
competitive intelligence, and using third-party tools for advanced
management.

YOUR GUIDE TO SAAS PACKAGING (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.growthunhinged.com/p/your-guide-to-saas-packaging-201?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

SaaS packaging involves assembling features and services into various
editions or SKUs that customers can purchase. This guide breaks down 9
best practices when it comes to launching a new product or adding new
packages to an existing one. The recommendations include leaving room
for selective and polarizing add-ons, making the engagement-driving
features the most accessible, and ensuring each package serves a
unique role in revenue generation.

üßë‚Äçüíª

RESOURCES & TOOLS

18 YOUTUBE SHORTS IDEAS FOR YOUR NEXT VIDEO (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://buffer.com/resources/youtube-shorts-ideas/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This article contains 18 YouTube Shorts ideas for content creators and
small businesses looking to engage viewers using bite-sized videos. It
emphasizes 5 key characteristics of good short-form videos: engaging
storytelling, high-quality visuals and audio, relatability and
authenticity, a clear call-to-action, and optimization for the
platform and audience.

HOOTSUITE‚ÄôS 2023 SOCIAL MEDIA CAREER REPORT (40 MINUTE READ)
[https://hootsuite.widen.net/s/lfqfjcpmql/smm_careerreport_2023_en/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This report, based on a survey of 3800+ social marketers, looks at
salaries, career progression, mental health, and more. It can be used
as a career guide and contains a goldmine of industry stats and
insights.

SET UP ENHANCED CONVERSIONS TO IMPROVE GOOGLE ADS AUDIENCE TARGETING
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-ads-enhanced-conversions-and-first-party-data-431882?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

With the increase in smart bidding, broad match, and Performance Max,
Google Ads is moving toward first-party data audiences. Enhanced
Conversions work by sending hashed first-party conversion data from
your website to Google, which then improves your bidding. This guide
explains how to set this up within Google Analytics and Google Ads.

üéÅ

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE UNLOCKS FUTURE OF SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING VIA VIDEO (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/@meredithfosterjo/apple-unlocks-future-of-sustainability-reporting-in-latest-video-46487639b070/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Apple showcased its eco-journey through a video called ‚ÄúMother
Nature‚Äù. The video highlights Apple‚Äôs promise to bring its carbon
footprint to net zero by 2030. While the video reinforces Apple‚Äôs
commitment to sustainability, the brand‚Äôs quirky humor via the
characters shines through its storytelling.

HOW TO WRITE MESSAGING TO CREATE DEMAND (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/heyrobk_how-does-product-messaging-connect-to-demand-activity-7107733742361669632-5l8o?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

This LinkedIn post outlines the differences between messaging for
creating demand and messaging for capturing demand. Too often,
marketing messages try to do both. Demand creation messages speak to
the problems that surround the use case, while demand capture messages
speak to the capabilities of the product that address those problems.

WEBSITE BOUNCE RATES: DEFINITIONS, BENCHMARKS, AND INDUSTRY AVERAGES
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://martech.zone/website-bounce-rates/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Bouncing refers to instances when visitors leave a webpage without
further interaction. This article provides a formula to calculate the
bounce rate and explains how Google Analytics 4 measures them.
Additionally, it provides average bounce rate benchmarks by industry
and tips to improve it.

‚ö°

QUICK LINKS

TENNIS IS BACK: HOW SOCIAL MEDIA GASSED UP THE 2023 US OPEN (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/us-open?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

The 2023 US Open attracted 3.4 million viewers, a 27% increase YoY. It
generated significant social media coverage by embracing TikTok and
offering engaging content that made tennis more accessible and
appealing to a broader audience.

COCA-COLA‚ÄôS AI-GENERATED SODA TASTES LIKE MARKETING (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/coca-colas-ai-generated-soda-tastes-like-marketing-184556330.html/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Coca-Cola launched a new limited edition soda called Y3000, co-created
by AI, that it claims to allow consumers to ‚Äútaste the future‚Äù.

HOT COPY TIP: USE THE SAME WORDS REPEATEDLY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/patrick-james-cumming_hot-copy-tip-nobodys-ever-taught-you-activity-7107604563632742400-aQ8O?utm_source=tldrmarketing]

Don‚Äôt sacrifice clarity in an effort to make copy more
interesting‚Äîuse the words your customers understand and stick to
those.

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing, please
click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e9aabd80-52e0-11ee-8f29-9b5defcefcd2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694689220&t=1694689423&s=c97851692ad030e4ab822eca814b9b7b995c0e485c557cb77418c9adc0815040].