# Articles TLDR Marketing 16-10-2023

Physical stores called Netflix House will debut in two US cities by
2025¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e067269c-6bf8-11ee-9a8a-3928d8e42919&pt=campaign&t=1697454233&s=3f9f9f1a8ef058c7751dc7708f3a9dfa86ee6a69af9ecd738c8f653014be7b4c]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-16

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 GOOGLE TESTS NEW HOMEPAGE DESIGN THAT COPIES DISCOVER‚ÄôS NEWS FEED
AND WIDGETS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5google.com/2023/10/13/google-homepage-discover-search/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google is conducting tests for a revamped homepage design that
closely resembles the Google Discover format, including a recommended
articles feed and an "At A Glance" section for sports scores, stocks,
and weather. The experiment is currently limited to users in India. 

 NETFLIX IS OPENING PHYSICAL STORES IN 2025 AS MARKETING PLOY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/culture/2023/10/netflixs-new-physical-stores-could-include-squid-game-obstacle-course/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Physical stores called Netflix House will debut in two US cities by
2025, featuring merchandise and real-life experiences inspired by its
content to enhance user engagement. These stores are less of a revenue
push and more of a way for Netflix to differentiate itself from its
increasing streaming competitors. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 10 QUESTIONS TO ANSWER IN YOUR COPY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/chasedimond_here-are-10-questions-your-prospects-need-activity-7118977416017940480-H3zV?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 This post contains 10 key questions prospects need to be answered in
order to feel comfortable making a purchase. Prospects care about how
a product benefits them, need proof that a product benefits other
people, and want to know how the product stacks against other
competitors. 

 HOW TO RECOVER FROM GOOGLE‚ÄôS HELPFUL CONTENT UPDATE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.practicalecommerce.com/how-to-recover-from-googles-helpful-content-update?utm_source=tdlrmarketing]


 Google‚Äôs latest Helpful Content update ended on September 15.
However, many sites are still recovering lost organic traffic. This
article shares how to use Search Console to identify declining pages
and a checklist to consider when analyzing winning competitor pages. 

 THE ‚ÄòGARBAGE IN, GARBAGE OUT‚Äô PRINCIPLE OF A/B TESTING (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/richpagecro_abtesting-cro-activity-7114929727651340288-OEF2?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Not using insights from conversion research to create A/B tests often
leads to inconclusive results. Uncovering users‚Äô issues, doubts, and
needs helps create better testing plans that move the needle.
Effective tactics for doing conversion research include user testing,
customer surveys, session recording analysis, and live chat analysis. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 15 CREATIVE PRODUCT LAUNCH IDEAS TO IGNITE YOUR BRAND‚ÄôS GROWTH (22
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.semrush.com/blog/product-launch-ideas/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 How a product is introduced to the market can define its success.
This guide shares 15 creative ideas to leverage to make product
launches stand out. Examples include referral programs, webinars,
unboxing videos, and customer testimonials. 

 SPY ON YOUR COMPETITORS WITH THE FACEBOOK ADS LIBRARY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/posts/tonyfiston_spy-on-your-competitors-with-the-facebook-activity-7117789340235108352-j0JS?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A step-by-step guide on how to use the Facebook Ads Library to see
competitor ad copy, creative, and targeting. It is a treasure trove of
data insights. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY FREEMIUM MIGHT WRECK YOUR REVENUE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.leahtharin.com/p/freebie-fiasco-why-freemium-might?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Adding a free tier might increase the number of users, but it might
not convert enough paying users to make it worthwhile. Freemium also
creates complexity with onboarding and feature paywalls, therefore it
needs dedicated product and growth resources. 

 WHAT IS RGSP? GOOGLE‚ÄôS RANDOMIZED GENERALIZED SECOND-PRICE AD
AUCTIONS EXPLAINED (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/google-rgsp-randomized-generalized-second-price-ad-auctions-explained-433053?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Google's antitrust trial has put Randomized Generalized Second-Price
(RGSP) ad auctions under the spotlight. Google claims that RGSP
improves user experience, but the DOJ argues that it creates an unfair
ad auction environment and increases prices. While the top bid wins in
traditional auctions, RGSP randomly selects ad auction winners among
top bidders with similar long-term values. To guarantee a win,
advertisers have been raising their bidding by almost 4X. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 NPR SAYS THAT LEAVING X HAD MINOR IMPACT ON REFERRAL TRAFFIC (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/npr-says-that-leaving-x-had-minor-impact-on-referral-traffic/696489/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 NPR, which had over 8.7 million followers before leaving X in April,
saw traffic decline by only a single percentage point. 

 TAKEAWAYS FROM AN A/B TEST WITH 2 DIFFERENT HOOKS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7118288737058308096/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Including customer proof and specificity in claims in your hook can
dictate whether your content gets read or not. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=e067269c-6bf8-11ee-9a8a-3928d8e42919&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697454036&t=1697454233&s=7e0dcfa02b7cc00931187b4e5a9961ac0e83d0ef25ebe303cca847c59e29c863].