# Articles TLDR Marketing 23-10-2023

Nostalgic marketing techniques leverage peoples love for the past,
promoting brand loyalty and encouraging word-of-mouth sharing¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/marketing?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrmarketing&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fb40c74c-716c-11ee-9670-31f653497df5&pt=campaign&t=1698059014&s=1d1994c9fc6973708e47d6b732593560feb9d18e164eaa133b77a92b60590fda]


		TLDR 

TLDR MARKETING 2023-10-23

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 ARE PEOPLE ACTUALLY USING TIKTOK FOR NEWS? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/tiktok-news-publishers?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 News accounts on TikTok are seldom recommended even to avid news
consumers, highlighting a disparity in the platform's news
representation. While many traditional news media outlets have
embraced TikTok, it's the personal creators who often gain more
traction as users prefer content from 'personalities.' 

 BRANDS LOSE BY IGNORING GEN X‚ÄîHERE‚ÄôS WHAT THE NUMBERS SAY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marketingdive.com/news/while-brands-focus-gen-z-gen-x-gets-ignored-heres-what-numbers-say/697273/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 While Gen Z remains marketing‚Äôs great white whale, marketers could
be leaving profits on the table by overlooking their parents. 92% of
Gen Xers use social media every day and make up 28% of TikTok‚Äôs user
base. However, Gen X accounts for only 5% of brand spending on
influencer campaigns. Only 13% of this population feels seen in social
advertising. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

 7 PRACTICAL NOSTALGIA TECHNIQUES FOR MARKETERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://open.substack.com/pub/marketingideas/p/nostalgia-more-spending?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Nostalgic marketing techniques leverage people's love for the past,
promoting brand loyalty and encouraging word-of-mouth sharing.
Strategies such as comparing past and present, using vintage
newspaper-style ads, reviving classic toys, employing pixel art ads,
and adding nostalgic elements to checkout pages can be highly
effective. 

 13-POINT CHECKLIST FOR A B2B WEBSITE SERVICE PAGE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.orbitmedia.com/blog/b2b-service-page-checklist/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A good B2B website service page drives demand through content and
design. This checklist is catered towards B2B brands that offer
premium services and involve multiple decision-makers during the sales
process. It breaks down the anatomy of the perfect B2B page, covering
topics including objection handling, using real photos instead of
stock photos, and formatting data and statistics to jump off the page.


 PRODUCT-LED SEO AND WHY IT MATTERS IN THE AGE OF AI (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.indiehackers.com/post/product-led-seo-and-why-it-matters-in-the-age-of-ai-e53ab03607?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A product-led content strategy goes beyond the cookie-cutter ‚Äúwrite
a blog post once per week‚Äù. Content should be thought of as a
feature designed to serve users and fit into a larger feature set on a
website. It can be in the form of landing pages, interactive tools,
resource libraries, or videos or audio clips. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

 CULTURE NEXT 2023: TOP GEN Z TRENDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://go.pardot.com/l/52662/2023-10-17/ljjlbq/52662/1697542857iszMQs7t/Spotify_2023_Culture_Next_Report_US.pdf]


 Spotify's Culture Next 2023 report discusses 3 main Gen Z trends: Gen
Z values depth and authenticity, with 91% using Spotify for immersive
exploration of music and podcasts; podcasts redefine education by
offering diverse perspectives and honest debates, allowing Zs to
curate their own curriculum; and global music trends highlight the
increasing diversity of culture, with 73% agreeing that culture is
more diverse today due to digital streaming. 

 GUIDE TO DYNAMIC SEARCH ADS, BENEFITS, AND BEST PRACTICES (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://scaledon.com/what-are-dynamic-search-ads-a-comprehensive-guide-to-dsas-benefits-and-best-practices/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Dynamic Search Ads (DSAs) use the content on a site to target ads and
dynamically generate headlines and landing pages based on user
searches. This guide covers best practices in setting up DSA
campaigns, organizing ad groups, and creating strategic ad targets. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 D.A.N.C.E. DATA STORYTELLING: A FRAMEWORK FOR BUILDING BRIDGES
BETWEEN TEAMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.convinceandconvert.com/digital-marketing/dance-data-storytelling-framework/?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Adding a compelling story with your data encourages other teams to
care about the results and the actions required to reach goals. The
D.A.N.C.E. (Data, Audience, Narrative, Cadence, and Engagement)
framework helps create a story that holds the audience‚Äôs attention
and makes it easier to sell an ‚Äúask‚Äù. 

 SEO OUTCOMES VS. SEO OUTPUTS: UNDERSTANDING THE DIFFERENCE (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://searchengineland.com/seo-outcomes-vs-seo-outputs-understanding-the-difference-433481?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 Shifting the focus from SEO outputs to outcomes is crucial for
aligning efforts with broader business goals. SEO outputs are tangible
and measurable deliverables, while SEO outcomes are the effects of
these outputs related to business goals. It is important to
distinguish them to be able to focus on what matters and map the SEO
efforts to broader organizational OKRs. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 EMBRACE CUSTOMER OBSESSION: THE KEY TO ECOMMERCE SUCCESS (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://almund6ef.substack.com/p/235-hte-embrace-customer-obsession?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 74% of consumers base their buying decisions solely on the quality of
their experiences. Marketers should enable continuous feedback loops
and align every decision with customer needs. 

 FREEMIUM, TRIAL, INTERACTIVE DEMO OR... GARY THE SALES GUY? (10
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.leahtharin.com/p/freemium-trial-interactive-demo-or?utm_source=tldrmarketing]


 A deep dive into deciding which onboarding motion is right for your
product growth. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring marketers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of marketing
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=marketing&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Alison Koh [https://www.linkedin.com/in/alikoh/], Maddi Salmon
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/maddisalmon/] & Joao Kodama
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/joao-kodama/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Marketing,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=7dbdbdcb-3e94-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=044718ca-96a1-11ed-8a06-3d1cefc1070f&p=fb40c74c-716c-11ee-9670-31f653497df5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698058830&t=1698059014&s=7c974b3134f3dc9ab23e7d8fe9c1db20461a45f7c0ae16cce91713374e1e5217].