# Articles TLDR Design 20-09-2023

NameDrops delightful animation has been wowing fans since the first
beta¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=30de0e74-5786-11ee-9f82-772ac5cc7122&pt=campaign&t=1695211442&s=4c968b5d430a22f71a6481470fc76a76f8ddfa5e60a85f4cf327288e202fabcd]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-20

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

APPLE'S JOYFUL IOS 17 ANIMATIONS MESMERIZE IPHONE FANS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/ios-17-animations?utm_source=tldrdesign]


iOS 17 introduces several new features including a new StandBy mode,
customizable contact screens, and a new NameDrop feature for quickly
sharing contact details simply by bringing two phones together.
NameDrop's delightful animation has been wowing fans since the first
beta. There are many similar magic touches across the new operating
system. 

FITBIT OVERHAULS ITS APP WITH VISUAL REFRESH AND SIMPLIFIED USER
EXPERIENCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/19/the-new-fitbit-app-is-now-available/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Google has introduced a redesigned Fitbit app with a three-tab
structure for enhanced access to health and fitness information. The
"Today" tab offers insights into daily stats like steps, stress
management, sleep score, and activity. The "Coach" tab serves as a
workout content hub, with added content for Fitbit Premium members,
and the "You" tab enables users to set goals and track achievements. 

THIS IS MICROSOFT‚ÄôS NEW DISC-LESS XBOX SERIES X DESIGN WITH A
LIFT-TO-WAKE CONTROLLER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/19/23880111/microsoft-xbox-series-x-new-design-refresh?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The new Xbox Series S, codenamed Brooklin, should be launched in 2024.
Accidentally revealed in new FTC v. Microsoft documents this week, the
new console has a cylindrical shape, no disc drive, 2TB of storage,
and a new controller with modular thumbsticks. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY ARE CNN, FOX, AND US WEBSITES VISUALLY SO AGGRESSIVE? (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/why-are-cnn-fox-and-us-websites-visually-so-aggressive-efe99270bc5b?utm_source=tldrdesign]


A comparison between masculine and feminine cultures coverage of US
elections, news, and websites, where viewers are bombarded with
information in the former and timely informed in the latter. Males and
females have the same UX preferences in feminine cultures. However,
males and females interact differently with interfaces in masculine
countries. 

THE 7 DEADLY SNARES OF STRATEGY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/the-7-deadly-snares-of-strategy?utm_source=tldrdesign]


This article discusses the 7 deadly snares of strategy in the realm of
business strategy, highlighting real-world case studies and lessons
learned from companies like Hewlett-Packard, Kodak, Blackberry, BP,
Blockbuster, Sears, and Lowe's. These snares encompass issues related
to leadership, environmental trends, resource assessment, stakeholder
interests, short-term focus, resistance to change, and global vs.
local market misreadings. 

RULE OF THIRDS: THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE & EXAMPLES (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/rule-of-thirds-examples?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The rule of thirds is a technique that helps achieve more balanced and
symmetric compositions. The secret is to position key elements in the
sweet spots revealed by the rule. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

GET A 30% DISCOUNT ON PROTOPIE ‚Äî THE #1 ADVANCED PROTOTYPING TOOL
FOR HIGH-FIDELITY, MULTIMODAL INTERACTIONS (SPONSOR)
[https://www.protopie.io/?ref=tldr] 

ProtoPie [https://www.protopie.io/?ref=tldr] integrates directly with
your current design tools, such as Figma, allowing you to import your
existing designs and add realistic interactions to create
high-fidelity prototypes, without coding ‚Äî from Mobile apps and
Websites, to IOT and Automotive, and anything in between.
‚úîÔ∏è¬†Ranked #1 Advanced prototyping tool in the Design Tools Survey
by +4,000 designers.

‚úîÔ∏è¬†Used by the world's top design teams at Google, Meta,
Microsoft, Mercedes, BMW and thousands more.

Use the discount code TLDR30 [https://www.protopie.io/plans?ref=tldr]
for 30% off a ProtoPie Pro plan!

(Or start with the Free plan
[https://www.protopie.io/download?ref=tldr])

TURN YOUR SCREENSHOT CHAOS INTO GOLD (WEBSITE)
[https://www.trickle.so/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Take a screenshot, upload it, and receive insightful AI-generated
summaries. Easily retrieve and interact with your saved screenshots
and instruct the AI to provide extra insights. 

LEARN VARIABLES - 50+ RESOURCES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.figma.com/community/file/1262788962545819549?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Take variables and prototypes to the next level with more than 50
learning resources. This fantastic compilation was made from an X
thread. 

DEVTOOLS FOR DESIGNERS (WEBSITE)
[https://csspro.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Open a website, click on any element, and change it on the fly. Grab
the result as code and use it as you want. CSS Pro is a browser
extension that runs on top of any page. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

USER INTERVIEWS 101 (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/user-interviews/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


When performed well, user interviews provide in-depth insight into who
the users of a product are, their lives, experiences, and challenges.
Learning these things helps teams identify solutions to make users‚Äô
lives easier. Interviews are great for increasing teams' empathy
towards users because when they watch them, they can put themselves in
their shoes. 

THE SURPRISING ORIGINS OF OUR OBSESSION WITH CREATIVITY (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://behavioralscientist.org/the-surprising-origins-of-our-obsession-with-creativity/]


In 2010, a poll of 1,500 CEOs ranked creativity as the most important
leadership quality for business success. But why is it so important to
humans? This article shows how creativity became such an essential
aspect of human societies. 

ADOBE HIKES CREATIVE CLOUD PRICES AS IT RAKES IN RECORD REVENUE (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://petapixel.com/2023/09/15/adobe-hikes-creative-cloud-prices-as-it-reports-record-revenue/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Creative Cloud memberships now include two new applications: Adobe
Express Premium and Adobe Firefly. These additions include a monthly
allotment of premium ‚ÄúGenerative Credits‚Äù that provide users
access to fast AI content creation. Adobe has also announced a price
increase for many Creative Cloud memberships starting on November 1,
2023. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FUNKY AI-GENERATED SPIRALING MEDIEVAL VILLAGE CAPTIVATES SOCIAL MEDIA
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/dreamy-ai-generated-geometric-scenes-mesmerize-social-media-users/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


An AI-generated image of a spiral-shaped medieval village rapidly
gained attention on social media for its remarkable geometric
qualities. Created by a Reddit user using Stable Diffusion and a
guidance technique called ControlNet, the composition intrigued
artists. 

WE'RE STILL NOT INNOVATING WITH AI-GENERATED UI (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://heather-buchel.com/blog/2023/09/ai-generated-ui-is-not-innovative/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


No tool that asserts you can build production-grade UI code from its
AI is innovative if it's not driven by accessibility. It's also not
production-grade if the code it generates is inaccessible. Unlabeled
buttons, form elements, and the use of button elements for page
navigation are just some of the foundational things AI gets wrong. 

THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO WEBSITE PORTFOLIO TEMPLATES THAT BOOK MORE
CLIENTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://dribbble.com/stories/2023/09/19/website-portfolio-templates-that-book-more-clients?utm_source=tldrdesign]


A compelling portfolio conveys authority, expertise, and relevance to
the right audience. This tutorial outlines the factors involved in a
successful portfolio website and discusses common mistakes and how to
avoid them. Seven high-converting portfolio website templates are
included. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=30de0e74-5786-11ee-9f82-772ac5cc7122&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695211221&t=1695211442&s=6aa427cdec5e592ef5345f03596a0c0a854bea55efd3fd995e1998638f4e7139].