# Articles TLDR Design 31-08-2023

Apple‚Äôs Safari browser moved its search bar to the bottom recently
and Google‚Äôs Chrome is now following suit.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=be1517f8-47ee-11ee-84e2-2579e673d713&pt=campaign&t=1693483488&s=05a9d705e6572450aebeb3165f450e0299c84e23c6a71de8ae4a83e58c5dc19b]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-08-31

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

WHY GOOGLE CHROME COPYING SAFARI‚ÄôS BOTTOM SEARCH BAR IS GREAT NEWS
(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lifewire.com/google-chrome-copying-safari-bottom-search-bar-7963020?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Apple‚Äôs Safari browser moved its search bar to the bottom recently
and Google‚Äôs Chrome is now following suit. That‚Äôs great news
because it makes the search bar easier to reach and interact with.
Users who don‚Äôt want to adopt this drastic change will be able to
opt out. 

DUET AI FOR GOOGLE WORKSPACES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://workspace.google.com/blog/product-announcements/duet-ai-in-workspace-now-available]

Apps like Docs, Sheets, Slides, and Drive are about to achieve a new
level of productivity. Google is releasing an AI assistant that can
generate images, summarize documents and long texts, create
presentations from text, charts, and images in your files, scan apps
like Gmail and Drive to find relevant information, and much more. 

BILLIONS OF USERS ARE STILL COMING ONLINE. HERE‚ÄôS HOW TO DESIGN FOR
THEM (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90944672/billions-of-users-are-still-coming-online-heres-how-to-design-for-them?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A massive number of people living in emerging markets are still not
part of the tech revolution. That's a problem but a huge opportunity.
Know the personal stories beyond Big Tech's reach and how innovative
startups worldwide are working to include billions in the digital
world. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

LETTER TO A MID-LEVEL DESIGNER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@Elliotdahl/letter-to-a-mid-level-designer-a41b22741ab2?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This is a follow-up post to the ‚ÄúLetter to a Junior Designer‚Äù that
went viral a few years ago. Intermediate designers should plan their
careers and see their managers as partners for their career
development. Respect is earned by delivering on time, being
consistent, and being a team player. They should underpromise and
over-deliver, seek feedback with curious humility, and learn to ask
better questions. 

IMPROVE UX RESEARCH PRESENTATIONS WITH 3 MINOR WRITING TWEAKS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://dataanddesign.substack.com/p/improve-ux-research-presentations]

Importance of precise wording in design presentations for effective
storytelling. Learn how to create engaging presentation titles, use
takeaway titles for reference, and enhance visual hierarchy to convey
key points. The insights shared are valuable for improving the impact
of user research presentations and ensuring a captivating audience
experience. 

20 YEARS OF DESIGN LESSONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://lessons.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Fabricio Teixeira shares his beliefs and valuable career lessons. This
thoughtful article covers decades of practical learning in the field,
from presentation techniques to team collaboration. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

WEBFLOW INTRODUCES THE NEXT GENERATION OF WEBFLOW APPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://wf-blog-2021.webflow.io/blog/webflow-apps?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The next generation of Webflow apps brings the ability to launch apps
right in the Designer. Apps now integrate with CMS, marketing
automation tools, and analytics platforms. 20 new apps were added,
including HubSpot, Unsplash, and Typeform. 

BITE-SIZED UX HINTS (WEBSITE)
[https://uxhints.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Although the UX industry is not that old, we already have some pretty
solid standards and frameworks that stood the test of time. This handy
guide includes UX laws, principles, and other aspects you might want
to include in your design process. 

HERE ARE 6 A. I TOOL THAT EVERY UI DESIGNER MUST KNOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@hariofficial/here-are-6-a-i-tools-that-every-ui-designer-must-know-5f38ae1b6841]

From automatically taking meeting notes to a website that allows you
to generate and edit vector art, icons, 3D images, and illustrations
using AI. Check out these AI tools for UI designers. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AI IN UX RESEARCH: BENEFIT OR DETRIMENT? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.uxtweak.com/use-of-ai-in-ux-research-good-or-bad/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Are you not sold on those AI personas? Industry experts share their
thoughts on the strengths and weaknesses of AI in UX research. Learn
what you should expect from it, the use cases that it is suited for,
and its potential. 

THE EVOLUTION OF MIRO‚ÄôS USER ONBOARDING (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://openviewpartners.com/blog/evolution-of-miro-user-onboarding/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Miro's success could be divided into three major phases: Startup,
Hyper-growth, and Growth at scale. However, each had its failures and
learnings that became part of the company's culture. Miro's first
Product Designer shares his experience helping scale the product. 

100 DAYS OF FONTS (WEBSITE)
[http://100daysoffonts.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Scroll and drool through 100 examples of the most elegant typeface
pairings. Each day features one example from Google Fonts. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DESIGN QUALITY IS COUPLED WITH THE BUSINESS MODEL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://hvpandya.com/design-quality-and-business?utm_source=tldrdesign]

How a business works and makes money will impact how design is
conducted and evaluated internally. Designers must be aware of this
and work towards the factors that reward the company. If speed is
critical, optimize for quick iteration based on solid standards. If
innovation is crucial, then structure a team experienced in
experimentation. 

UI ANIMATION RULES (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/ui-animation-rules-b38b6102a4e9]

Learn UI animation rules. Adhere to familiar patterns and avoid
overcomplicated animations. Designers can create intuitive interfaces
that enhance user experiences while avoiding distraction and
frustration by considering timing, utilizing easy techniques, and
analyzing the animation's goal. 

CREATE AMAZING USER INTERFACE IN FLUTTER APPS USING ANT-DESIGN
COMPONENTS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@krishanw30/create-amazing-user-interface-in-flutter-apps-using-ant-design-components-2dea0bedbb43]

Easily integrate user-friendly components and widgets offered by
ant-design into your Flutter apps. These ant-design components can
make the UI of your Flutter app more clean and beautiful. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=be1517f8-47ee-11ee-84e2-2579e673d713&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693483264&t=1693483488&s=944edea5b2e632d16c8e23896f43ac4ee6f4bc0af76b86f91803383b0171a3b3].