# Articles TLDR Design 25-10-2023

Perrier rebranded its world-famous bottle with the help of one of
Frances most reputable industrial designers.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=0f60cda2-7317-11ee-9ac2-4f285a90a916&pt=campaign&t=1698235416&s=fa41b3bb8c9764351c38428246435d8656b6d3980642bbe0a870dbd4fc35c2be]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Ryse]
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=dsgn,10-25-2023]

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-25

 LAST CHANCE TO INVEST BEFORE THIS COMPANY BECOMES A HOUSEHOLD NAME
(SPONSOR) [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=dsgn,10-25-2023] 

 What if you had the opportunity to invest in the biggest electronics
products before they launched into big box retail, would you?

Ring changed doorbells and Nest changed thermostats. Early investors
in these companies earned MASSIVE RETURNS, but the opportunity to
invest was limited to a select, wealthy few. Not anymore. RYSE
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=dsgn,10-25-2023] is set to debut
in 100+ Best Buy stores this month
[https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=dsgn,10-25-2023], and you're in
luck ‚Äî you can still invest at only $1.25/share before their name
becomes known nationwide.

They have patented THE ONLY MASS MARKET SHADE AUTOMATION DEVICE, and
their exclusive deal with Best Buy resembles that which led Ring and
Nest to their BILLION-DOLLAR BUYOUTS.

Learn how you can become a shareholder and earn bonus shares for a
limited time. [https://invest.helloryse.com/?tnames=dsgn,10-25-2023]

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 PHILIPPE STARCK JUST MADE THE PERRIER BOTTLE DESIGN EVEN MORE ICONIC
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/philippe-starck-perrier-bottle-rebranding?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 As part of its 160th anniversary celebration, Perrier rebranded its
world-famous bottle with the help of one of France's most reputable
industrial designers. Taking inspiration from Fresnel lenses, Philippe
Starck added thin horizontal streaks to the bottle, playing with light
deflection and texture. 

 AMAZON IS MAKING IT EASIER AND SAFER FOR YOU TO ACCESS YOUR ACCOUNT
WITH PASSWORDLESS SIGN-IN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.aboutamazon.com/news/retail/amazon-passwordless-sign-in-passkey?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Amazon is rolling out passkey support on browsers and mobile shopping
apps, offering customers an easier and safer way to sign in to their
Amazon accounts. Customers can now set up passkeys in their Amazon
settings, allowing them to easily use the same face, fingerprint, or
PIN used to unlock their device. 

 PENTAGRAM‚ÄôS GLOSSY LIBERTY BEAUTY LOGO DRAWS FROM TYPOGRAPHIC
HISTORY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/news/pentagram-lbty-liberty-beauty-graphic-design-181023?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Pentagram‚Äôs Harry Pearce and Jon Marshall have teamed up to deliver
a new beauty brand for Liberty, diving once more into the design
history of the almost hundred-year-old department store. The logo
features letterforms taken from the main wordmark, fitting together
neatly with a lovely use of levels and scale. That main wordmark ‚Äì
introduced by Pentagram in 2022 ‚Äì can itself be traced back to the
first sign hung above the Great Marlborough Street storefront. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 HOW TINDER DESIGNS PRODUCT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://adplist.substack.com/p/how-tinder-designs-product-and-why?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 There are many lessons that product teams can learn from the way
Tinder handles monetization, UX, pricing, and user segmentation. This
post discusses why monetization timing is critical, the importance of
offering multiple levels to users, how segmentation can be explored,
and the role of research in finding hidden behavioral insights. 

 THE FOUR DEGREES OF ANTHROPOMORPHISM OF GENERATIVE AI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/anthropomorphism/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 In anthropomorphism, human characteristics are attributed to objects,
animals, or forces of nature. As humans and AI interact,
anthropomorphism manifests in four degrees: being polite and praising
AI, assigning the AI a role based on specific traits or
qualifications, and building friendships. 

 FRACTIONAL DESIGN LEADERSHIP: WHAT THE BUZZ IS ABOUT? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://siarhei.design/fractional-design-leadership/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A fractional leader engages fully in the business's day-to-day
operations, as opposed to a design consultant who usually works on
specific projects. Due to lower costs, reduced commitment, and
increased flexibility, the new format has been growing. Fractional
leadership might not be for everyone and might be better suited to
smaller, more agile companies. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 JONY EYE: FIGMA DESIGN ASSISTANT (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1279068498175312295/jony-eye-figma-design-assistant?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Jony Eye is a Figma plugin that emulates a virtual art director that
spots accidentally used fonts, style-related errors, and other
problems in a design file. 

 USER FLOWS (WEBSITE) [https://overflow.io/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Overflow is a collaborative tool for creating interactive user flows,
step-by-step design walkthroughs, and presentations. The platform also
integrates with Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, and Photoshop. 

 ACCESSIBLE NUMBERS (WEBSITE)
[https://accessiblenumbers.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The lack of accessibility can also manifest in how users interact
with numbers. This helpful tutorial was built to help designers create
better user experiences for people with dyscalculia and low numeracy. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 FREE MIDJOURNEY ALTERNATIVE: IDEOGRAM AI (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/free-midjourney-alternative-ideogram-ai-abb149e40f41?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Ideogram is a text-to-image generation tool with an easy-to-use
interface. Apart from the input field for a prompt, it allows you to
choose the style of your imagery and change the aspect ratio. One
great thing about Ideogram is that the tool generates all images in
different visual styles. Unlike tools like Adobe Firefly, which
basically create a set of similar images, Ideogram varies the style so
you can choose the illustration you like. 

 THE POWER OF THOUGHTFUL NOTIFICATIONS IN APPS: LESS IS MORE! (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/the-power-of-thoughtful-notifications-in-apps-less-is-more?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Fewer notifications in apps leads to enhanced user satisfaction.
Excessive notifications can lead to user annoyance and app
abandonment, while thoughtfully curated notifications enhance user
satisfaction. Focusing on essential notifications ensures users stay
engaged without feeling overwhelmed. Users are more likely to engage
with notifications that matter to them, boosting retention and
loyalty. 

 AI PROMPT ENGINEERING IS A UX SUPERPOWER (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://indeed.design/article/ai-prompt-engineering-is-a-ux-superpower?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 As a UX Designer, you've probably had to simplify complex information
for users. You likely developed some of the communication skills you
would need to communicate with an LLM as you did so. Extending your
skills to prompt engineering is a smart move. It allows you to
streamline the user research process, anticipate user behavior, and
improve your UX writing. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 FIVE REMINDERS FOR PROVIDING DESIGN FEEDBACK (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tannerchristensen.com/blog/five-reminders-for-providing-design-feedback?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The best design work is done when it consists of many diverse
opinions. However, providing critical feedback to another designer can
be tricky, particularly when the one receiving the feedback is less
experienced. 

 MOTION ZERO INTRODUCES A NEW DIMENSION IN MEDITATION DESIGN (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://designwanted.com/motion-zero-new-dimension-meditation-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Meditation has never been more effortless with Motion Zero, a tool
cleverly designed to enhance the practice, even for those with little
time. It spins a captivating metal egg positioned on its glass base,
attracting observers' attention and easing the transition into a
meditative state. 

 AVOID TOO LIGHT FONTS IN TYPOGRAPHY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://pimpmytype.com/light-fonts/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Text that is too light may look fancy, but if it is too small, it
will be hard to read. When using light fonts, ensure that body text
has enough contrast, try something between Light and Regular if it is
a variable font, and consider if the typeface is suitable for body
text. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=0f60cda2-7317-11ee-9ac2-4f285a90a916&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698235224&t=1698235416&s=6a50cea717325d6f83531faaab68be9c093b21d63471ebcd936408f4d51ac63f].


¬†