# Articles TLDR Design 20-10-2023

Android-powered devices will now make users lives easier by allowing
them to change the skin tone and gender of an emoji with a single
tap¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=02b8d952-6f0f-11ee-83e3-c946d3aadfec&pt=campaign&t=1697803407&s=131b8d42847973259659225f8a4e9f2cc6cce877e8f6c19c90eee3d74cf0b984]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-20

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 NOW IT‚ÄôS EASIER THAN EVER TO EXPRESS YOURSELF WITH EMOJI (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.google/products/android/emoji-express-yourself/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Most emoji keyboards require over 300 taps to set the tone and gender
of every single emoji. Android-powered devices will now make users'
lives easier by allowing them to change the skin tone and gender of an
emoji with a single tap. The user only needs to set their preference
once and it will apply to all other compatible emojis on the device's
keyboard. 

 FANS THINK APPLE IS TEASING A RADICAL NEW IPHONE SOFTWARE DESIGN
INSPIRED BY VISION PRO (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/ios-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Apple may be gearing up for a significant design change in its iOS
software for iPhones, which hasn't seen a radical overhaul since
2013's iOS 7. Fans have noticed a new visual direction, possibly
inspired by the Vision Pro, featuring full-screen, interactive menus
and circular icons. This could hint at a more unified design language
across Apple devices. Speculation is rife that iOS 18 might introduce
a dramatic new look. 

 MIDJOURNEY‚ÄôS FIRST MOBILE APP IS HERE‚Ä¶SORT OF (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/midjourneys-first-mobile-app-is-here-sort-of/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Midjourney partnered with engineers from Japanese game company Sizigi
Studios to launch Niji Journey, an Android and iOS app. The Niji
Journey app is available for download now on both platforms for free
with in-app purchases. It requires a paid subscription through
Midjourney to use. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 LEARNING TO SPEAK ABOUT ACTIONABLE NEXT STEPS IS CRUCIAL TO GROWING
AS A DESIGNER (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://dataanddesign.substack.com/p/learning-to-speak-about-actionable?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Understanding user research findings can be helpful for your team,
but communicating what you want them to do next is often more
critical. The key to user research is to have an actionable insights
mindset, which comes from being an active listener and identifying the
next steps to move the team forward. 

 AI IS BECOMING A BAND-AID OVER BAD, BROKEN TECH INDUSTRY DESIGN
CHOICES (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/ai-is-becoming-a-band-aid-over-bad-broken-tech-industry-design-choices/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 After decades of messy, thoughtless design choices, corporations are
using artificial intelligence to sell basic usability back to
consumers. For example, Apple‚Äôs iPhone, one of the most popular
consumer products of all time, is bloated with apps and settings
leading to usability problems that Apple plans to solve with Spotlight
‚Äî AI-powered search. Artificial intelligence that is built to
‚Äúguide‚Äù a user will almost always prioritize the experience that
the company wants you to have over the one that you‚Äôd like. 

 WHY YOU SHOULD ADD FRICTION TO YOUR ONBOARDING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://wraptext.equals.com/why-you-should-add-friction-to-your-onboarding/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The team behind Equals continually received feedback about the need
to reduce the friction in their user onboarding. Once they did,
retention tanked. The thing people misunderstand about onboarding is
the goal is not for people to complete onboarding. Your goal is for
people to get their first moments of value from your product, commonly
known as ‚Äúactivation‚Äù. All the talk about eliminating friction and
removing steps is detached from this goal. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 TYPE SCALE CALCULATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://typeculator.alexpaul.me/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The Typeculator is a simple type scale calculator that uses the
"Golden Thread" technique, which involves setting a number that
controls the rate at which a type scale grows. 

 INSTANT DISCOVERY SYNTHESIS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.findourview.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Find Our View is a platform that reads interview transcripts,
evaluates your hypotheses, and brings those results into chats with
your team. 

 SVG BACKGROUND GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://bgjar.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Select from various SVG templates and customize the dimensions and
colors of your background. It's possible to download or grab the code
of the resulting SVG. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE POWER OF VARIABLE FONTS: AN INTERVIEW WITH JASON PAMENTAL (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/ux-and-front-end-interviews/the-power-of-variable-fonts-an-interview-with-jason-pamental-a38f56c6084?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Traditionally, typography on the web has been constrained by the need
to balance it with performance. Variable fonts ‚Äî which enable many
different variations of a typeface in a single font ‚Äî not only
address the technical issue by using fewer files, resulting in faster
load times, but also offer new creative opportunities. It allows teams
to fine-tune the typography or put the controls in the hands of the
user to let them fine-tune it. 

 AI & UX: NAVIGATING THE NEW AGE OF DATA VISUALIZATION (15 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/ai-ux-navigating-the-new-age-of-data-visualization-13ec14ead3dd?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 AI‚Äôs prowess in handling and analyzing massive datasets is
undeniable. This is not just about speed but about depth. Traditional
methods often involve sampling, where only a subset of the data is
analyzed due to processing limitations. AI, on the other hand, can
chew through entire datasets, ensuring no valuable insight is missed.
Imagine having a detective who doesn‚Äôt just look at the main
suspects but examines every single alibi, connection, and detail. 

 THE INVERSE VALUE OF UX AND ART (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://breathingdesign.medium.com/the-inverse-value-of-ux-and-art-fb82875bce7a?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Out of the 200,000 items in MoMA‚Äôs design collection, only 87 of
them are classified as software, and none of them as UX or digital
product design. Other top design museums, such as the London Design
Museum, Cooper Hewitt, and the Smithsonian Design Museum, do not
feature UX in their collections. This is because no one in the right
frame of mind would pay millions of dollars for a UX digital asset,
let alone a flow. Instead, they expect UX to be free, usable, and
fulfill their needs. That is a rather utilitarian approach to design,
yet befitting of its intended purpose. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 TAKING FIGMA AND FIGJAM TO THE PUBLIC SECTOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/fedramp-in-process/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Figma‚Äôs Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP)
is finally in process. This means the design platform will soon be
able to house government data. 

 INDUSTRIAL DESIGN FIRM MERPHI EXPLAINS CHALLENGES OF HUMANOID ROBOT
DESIGN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.core77.com/posts/126072/Industrial-Design-Firm-Merphi-Explains-Challenges-of-Humanoid-Robot-Design?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Function is the most important factor in most humanoid robot designs.
They need to work. The landscape of robot aesthetics has recently
changed. In this article, Sweden-based company Merphi reveals how to
design humanoid robots that are both functional and aesthetically
pleasing. 

 ADOBE IS CHANGING THE AI GAME (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://designingwithai.substack.com/p/adobe-is-changing-the-game?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Adobe Max 2023 showcased over 100 new features and capabilities and
four powerful examples that will change how users experience Adobe's
products. The company revealed its vision for a heavily AI-based
workflow and its desire to dominate AI-powered creative work with the
Firefly Vector Model, Firefly Design Model, Generative Match, Firefly
2, and Visual Intensity. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=02b8d952-6f0f-11ee-83e3-c946d3aadfec&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697803222&t=1697803407&s=f397ca20b135b6120d0f40202e587f0d16f8124bd1d0ba22af39f213f48f9fa8].