# Articles TLDR Design 19-10-2023

LottieFiles is now available for Canva users.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=731b96ca-6e52-11ee-9607-dbcf99ec7306&pt=campaign&t=1697717028&s=530c03965da402aebfa3e8563beeb3c4f3c4add28aee6eccc2fed98530972bd9]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-19

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 INTRODUCING LOTTIEFILES FOR CANVA (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://lottiefiles.com/blog/tips-and-tutorials/animation-lottiefiles-canva?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 LottieFiles is now available for Canva users. The animation app
offers 100,000+ free animations within Canva and customizable colors. 

 HUGE ENTERTAINMENT ‚ÄòCITY‚Äô IN TOKYO TRANSFORMED WITH VARIABLE
TYPOGRAPHIC IDENTITY (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/news/and-form-tokyo-dome-city-graphic-design-171023?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 This month, Tokyo Design Studio &Form will unveil a brand new,
adaptive visual identity for Tokyo Dome City. It will live on socials,
merchandising, and across towering screens in the complex ‚Äì one of
them being Japan‚Äôs largest, at over 120 meters in length. A key
component is the variable sans serif font, which oscillates between
pin-thin and stretched. 

 THE ADOBE EXEC BEHIND THE FIGMA DEAL EXPRESSES FRUSTRATION OVER SLOW
PACE OF REGULATORY APPROVAL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnbc.com/2023/10/17/adobe-exec-david-wadhwani-expresses-frustration-over-slow-deal-approval.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 In an interview at the WSJ Tech live event, David Wadhwani, the
executive behind Adobe's acquisition of Figma, questioned whether
expensive technology acquisitions should be approved so slowly. An
investigation is being conducted by the U.S. Department of Justice and
regulatory agencies in the United Kingdom and the European Union
regarding the $20 billion deal, which was announced 13 months ago. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 CLARIFY YOUR THINKING BY DRAWING CONCEPT MAPS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://jarango.com/2023/10/16/clarify-your-thinking-by-drawing-concept-maps/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A concept map is a diagram that represents relationships between
concepts or entities. As such, it represents a model of a system or
situation. Concept maps are handy when understanding complex, dynamic
ideas, systems, and situations. They give ways to communicate models.
The first map will likely be wrong, but it will concretize the models
so other people can correct them. 

 THE FOUR SEASONS LOGO DESIGN SECRET IS... NOT GREAT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/four-seasons-logo-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The problem with the Four Seasons logo redesign is that it‚Äôs too
busy. People don't tend to pay attention to that level of detail to
see it, and in small applications, the detail is lost. But most
problematic of all, even when viewed closely, it's not immediately
clear what order the seasons are supposed to be in or which is being
represented by which part of the tree. 

 A STEP-BY-STEP FRAMEWORK FOR BUILDING A SCALABLE DESIGN TEAM (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.superside.com/blog/building-a-design-team?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 To scale creative output, you must understand your team's skills,
gaps, and capacity so you can use the right solutions. Nevertheless,
the power of a design team includes not only what is currently
happening but what is to come. Additionally, performance is crucial as
you scale, so you need to ensure you're producing more creative work
and maintaining or improving it. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 GENERATE COMPLETE AND COMPREHENSIVE COMPONENT SPECS (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1205622541257680763/eightshapes-specs?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Eight Shapes Specs helps you improve design-dev handoffs, audit
in-progress designs, and critique with teammates using Figma.
Automatically generate design specifications for selected components,
instances, and frames. 

 ANIMATE ANYTHING (WEBSITE)
[https://app.anything.world/animation-rigging?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 With Anything World, you can create unlimited 3D models for games,
apps, and the metaverse using 3D animation and automated rigging
powered by Machine Learning. 

 A11Y STYLE GUIDE (WEBSITE)
[https://a11y-style-guide.com/style-guide/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 A11Y is a style guide for making your site more accessible with
pre-populated accessible components, including links to tools,
articles, and WCAG guidelines. Additionally, these components serve as
guides for HTML markup and SCSS/CSS code, helping designers and
front-end developers throughout the creation process. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 NAVIGATING THE URGE TO REDESIGN EVERYTHING YOU SEE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-dilemma-of-perfection-navigating-the-urge-to-redesign-everything-in-ux-0e5f7e0a3c54?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Designers often navigate a delicate balance between aspiration and
reality, driven by an insatiable urge to refine our creations. How can
they resist the allure of redesigning everything in sight, and where
should they draw the line between striving for flawlessness and
embracing the constraints that bind them? Designers should instead
prioritize impactful designs, reach out to the design team behind the
product they want to redesign, look for mentorship and guidance, and
practice mindfulness and acceptance. 

 HOW TO SOLVE A DESIGNER‚ÄôS BIGGEST FEAR WITH STARTUPS: WEARING
MULTIPLE HATS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://dataanddesign.substack.com/p/how-to-solve-a-designers-biggest?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Designers working in startups need to be able to wear hats for UX
Writing, strategy, analytics, user research, data visualization, and
design systems among many others. Wearing these different hats often
means solving a problem instead of understanding the field completely.
Working for a startup will force designers to become more flexible,
which is a competitive advantage. 

 FOUR FIGMA AI UPDATES TO ELEVATE YOUR DESIGN WORKFLOW (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/figma-ai-updates--cms-107823a?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The automation of repetitive tasks is increasingly being done by
Figma AI features and plugins. There are several impressive examples,
including the Visual Studio plugin, which automatically converts a
design element into code; Design Recommendations, which generates
design ideas from a simple written prompt; Genius Chat, an AI design
assistant for Figma; and Figma AI Organizer, for structuring your
brainstorm sessions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY BLOGS AND NEWSLETTERS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.tpgi.com/digital-accessibility-blogs-and-newsletters/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A list of digital accessibility newsletters, individuals who write
about digital accessibility, service providers, and publishers. 

 TESTING CHATGPT-4 FOR ‚ÄòUX AUDITS‚Äô SHOWS AN 80% ERROR RATE &
14‚Äì26% DISCOVERABILITY RATE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://baymard.com/blog/gpt-ux-audit?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 ChatGPT-4 was tested to determine how well it could audit 12
different web pages for user experience using its UX suggestions
compared to those of a qualified UX professional in a study conducted
by Baymard, an organization conducting large-scale research on
information technology. In the test, the AI platform made 20% accurate
UX suggestions, while 80% of the suggestions had false positives. 

 SQUARE‚ÄôS NEW AI FEATURES INCLUDE A WEBSITE COPY AND RESTAURANT MENU
GENERATOR (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/18/squares-new-ai-features-include-a-website-and-restaurant-menu-generator/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Square, the financial services platform, is expanding its generative
AI capabilities. Its new AI-powered feature, Menu Generator, allows
restaurants to create a complete menu on Square in minutes. In
addition, Square is launching a website copy generator and improving
its Kitchen Display System, which automatically assigns menu items to
kitchen categories and station screens. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=731b96ca-6e52-11ee-9607-dbcf99ec7306&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697716844&t=1697717028&s=2545c8611d4226692b64b6c3cd746d893b6831a3a02f5fad5bc7939c36b1d6b3].