# Articles TLDR Design 12-10-2023

Dropbox has announced a new web interface¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=1172cda2-68db-11ee-a5d8-51a579315f7c&pt=campaign&t=1697112613&s=77cbc1f09e983591b176d288f889567f6beb81561e47800fdc4ef55a07e157f4]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-12

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 DROPBOX REDESIGNS ITS WEB INTERFACE AND RELEASES AI-POWERED DASH IN
OPEN BETA (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/11/23912510/drop-web-interface-redesign-dash-ai-studio?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Dropbox has announced a new web interface, an open beta for its
AI-powered universal search feature, upgrades to another AI feature in
alpha, and an early alpha of a new video collaboration tool. A new
action bar will sit across the page, offering quick access to features
like screen recording, folder creation, and file uploading. A
redesigned file preview will facilitate editing images, videos, and
PDFs. Customers will get the new interface gradually over the next few
months. 

 FIVE KEY TAKEAWAYS FROM ADOBE MAX 2023: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://designshack.net/articles/software/adobe-max-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Adobe MAX 2023 is the company's annual creativity conference. During
the event, Adobe revealed new features and advancements, such as a
brand new Firefly Image Model 2 with advanced AI capabilities, a
text-to-vector generative AI tool, and text-based video editing. Adobe
also teased upcoming features, including three new generative AI
models for audio, video, and 3D. 

 ADOBE FIREFLY‚ÄôS GENERATIVE AI MODELS CAN NOW CREATE VECTOR GRAPHICS
IN ILLUSTRATOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/10/adobe-brings-its-firefly-generative-ai-models-to-vector-graphics-in-illustrator/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Illustrator is Adobe‚Äôs vector graphics tool for graphic artists.
It‚Äôs about to join the generative AI era with the launch of the
Firefly Vector Model. Users can now create entire scenes by using a
text prompt. Another new feature that‚Äôs coming to Illustrator is
called Mockup, which allows Illustrator users to take any 3D scene and
then select any vector art and apply it to that 3D scene. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 THE FUTURE OF CSS: EASY LIGHT-DARK MODE COLOR SWITCHING WITH
LIGHT-DARK() (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.bram.us/2023/10/09/the-future-of-css-easy-light-dark-mode-color-switching-with-light-dark/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The prefers-color-scheme Media Query is typically used to change
color based on whether Light Mode or Dark Mode is used. To make things
easier, CSS now comes with a utility function named light-dark(). The
function accepts two color values as its arguments ‚Äî based on which
color scheme the user is actively using, it will output the first or
the second argument. 

 37 INNOVATIVE WAYS TO USE ACCENT COLORS WITH VISUAL GUIDE (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/where-to-use-accent-colors-in-ui-here-are-38-ways-with-brilliant-examples-353b02c77d95?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Accent colors are crucial in interface design as they highlight key
elements such as buttons and calls to action and provide visual
hierarchy and brand identity. This post shows you how to guide
users‚Äô attention subtly but effectively using various examples like
links, pagination, icons, and other UI elements. 

 13 PROFESSIONAL FONTS: TOP BUSINESS TYPEFACES FOR A POLISHED LOOK (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://wf-blog-2021.webflow.io/blog/professional-fonts?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Font selection requires the same thoughtful consideration as choosing
your brand's colors, voice, tone, and style. Readability,
accessibility, and scalability of a font are factors that impact the
customer experience and even revenue. The proper use of fonts can
improve brand equity, conveying a sense of professionalism and
trustworthiness. This article saves you time by providing 13 safe font
choices to consider. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 LEARN ANIMATION PRINCIPLES (WEBSITE)
[https://motion.zajno.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 This fun and interactive website teaches you how to learn to design
more natural animations. Most examples are built on top of key
principles to be considered when using easing, offset, delay, and fade
in/fade out. 

 COLOR SCHEME FOR PROSE AND CODE (WEBSITE)
[https://stephango.com/flexoki?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Flexoki is a minimalistic and high-contrast color palette calibrated
to improve legibility on digital screens. The color scheme, optimized
for light and dark modes, covers text, interface, and background
colors with an out-of-the-box solution for achieving ideal contrast
levels in user interface design. 

 INTERVIEWS ABOUT VISUAL DESIGN (WEBSITE)
[https://anthonyhobday.com/sideprojects/visualdesigninterviews/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A collection of interviews with designers discussing visual design. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 MOVIE POSTERS WITH DALL-E 3 AI (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.designinspiration.info/movie-posters-with-dall-e-3-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 With DALL-E 3, designers can create posters that are truly unique and
eye-catching. They can explore different genres, styles, and concepts
without being limited by the constraints of traditional filmmaking.
For example, DALL-E 3 can create posters for movies that don‚Äôt even
exist yet, or for movies with fantastical elements that would be
difficult or impossible to film. 

 10 THINGS NO ONE TOLD ME ABOUT DESIGN SYSTEMS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/10-things-no-one-told-me-about-design-systems?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A design system is not the same as a UI library. Productize your
design system. Designers and developers should be like an atom:
inseparable. Fancy naming conventions aren‚Äôt always practical.
Atomic design helps you remember the magic of basics. Collaboration
promotes refinement, which supports business goals. A lasting design
system needs collaboration beyond product and development. Adoption is
the most challenging part. Accessibility is a must. A Design system is
endless. 

 EMERGENT BEST PRACTICES IN AI-ASSISTED DESIGN AND RESEARCH (11 MINUTE
READ)
[https://cms.greatquestion.co/blog/ai-for-design-research?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 UX researchers and designers are finding new ways to incorporate AI
into their work with the growing availability and distribution of
generative tools. To apply AI to real-life situations, they're
increasingly adopting a human-centered framework and using best
practices around trust, accuracy, bias, and utility. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 ADOBE PREVIEWS AI UPSCALING TO MAKE OLD, FUZZY VIDEOS AND GIFS LOOK
FRESH (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/11/23912480/adobe-max-sneak-project-resup-ai-video-upscaling-preview?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Old videos and GIFs will continue to tell the same jokes, but they
can look much better now. Adobe's Res-Up project will dramatically
improve sharpness and detail using diffusion-based upsampling
technology. This article features examples showing how much better
videos and GIFs can get. 

 WHAT IS DESIGN-DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/design-driven-development/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Design-driven development is about understanding, empathizing, and
delivering solutions that resonate with end users. It also helps
deliver products that resonate with end-users, reducing revisions and
accelerating time-to-market. 

 HOW DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU LIKE ANYMORE? (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://vanschneider.com/blog/how-do-you-know-what-you-like-anymore/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Social media has made us live at the mercy of the hordes. We don't
even know if we enjoy these things or want to because everyone else
does. Is it still possible to enjoy things for what they are? 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=1172cda2-68db-11ee-a5d8-51a579315f7c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697112231&t=1697112613&s=8b96213ad0fae631d976f18fbf92fb64523ee883f12d429b58062d06dbab161a].