# Articles TLDR Design 05-09-2023

A new generative AI image startup founded by former Google Brain
researchers seems to outperform Midjourney in one of its core
weaknesses: typography¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=5ba4d8b4-4bc8-11ee-b4f9-e1a30d1b5beb&pt=campaign&t=1693915598&s=8f69be13efe8b87bbbdbb4a6eb8595f67a00930b0fbb6a890e720c482e2514b3]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-05

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

IDEOGRAM LAUNCHES AI IMAGE GENERATOR WITH IMPRESSIVE TYPOGRAPHY (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/watch-out-midjourney-ideogram-launches-ai-image-generator-with-impressive-typography/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A new generative AI image startup founded by former Google Brain
researchers seems to outperform Midjourney in one of its core
weaknesses: typography. The tool offers a preset optimized for
generating reliable text within images. Ideogram is available for
sign-up in beta. 

SILICON VALLEY ELITES SHOW OFF RENDERINGS OF EXCLUSIVE NEW CITY THEY
WANT TO BUILD (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/california-forever-city-silicon-valley-elite-exclusive-1850797327?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The tech titans' vision for a new city in Northern California has
become more tangible. Artistic renderings show the plans for 50,000
acres of land acquired in Solano County. 

CONTINENTAL AND GOOGLE CLOUD EQUIP CARS WITH GENERATIVE ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.continental.com/en/press/press-releases/20230904-iaa-mobility-press-conference/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Conversational interfaces are about to hit the road for more cars.
Continental plans to be one of the first automotive suppliers to
integrate Google Cloud capabilities directly into vehicle computers.
The new feature will allow drivers to provide instructions in natural
language to their cars and even ask questions. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

8 MICRO TIPS FOR REMARKABLY BETTER TYPOGRAPHY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://betterwebtype.com/8-tips-for-remarkably-better-typography/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Slightly reduce font weight on dark backgrounds, use smaller line
height for headings, letter-space words in uppercase, correctly use
the subtlety of old-style figures and small caps, and align the icons
to the line height of the label. Eight micro details are explained in
less than eight minutes to make typography look polished and refined. 

WAITING FOR AI'S PULL-TO-REFRESH MOMENT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.proofofconcept.pub/p/waiting-for-ais-pull-to-refresh-moment?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Considering all the promises involved in AI, is a simple text input
the best way to deliver it? David Hoang builds an exciting case,
pointing out that we still haven't experienced a fundamental paradigm
user interface shift, which is something that tends to follow true
innovation. 

HOW QUICK WINS CAN BETRAY YOU (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/how-quick-wins-can-betray-you-fbe5f075dccf?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The more we rely on AI tools, the more critical it becomes to discern
what should be entrusted to AI and what needs to be handled by
ourselves to achieve solid and sustained outcomes. Relentlessly
seeking efficiency by prioritizing speed and convenience can often
lead to significant drawbacks. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

AUTO INTERFACES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.autointerfaces.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Automotive interfaces are not only about Teslas. This website features
many modern vehicle infotainment system designs, interactions, and
screens. 

MINIMALIST SEMI-ABSTRACT VECTOR ILLUSTRATIONS FOR POSTERS & ART PRINTS
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://weandthecolor.com/download-minimalist-semi-abstract-vector-illustrations-posters-art-prints/180237?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A remarkable collection of minimalist semi-abstract illustrations
landed on Adobe Stock. From the calming Zen-like simplicity of
Japanese graphics to clean lines of Swiss minimalism, this collection
covers much ground. New Adobe Stock accounts get ten images for free. 

UNDERSTANDING SVG PATHS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nan.fyi/svg-paths?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This interactive guide helps you understand SVG paths and path
commands. Organized into lessons, the tutorial covers cursors, lines,
curves, arcs, and even provides challenges to test your knowledge. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CROSSFUNCTIONAL-COLLABORATION: CHALLENGES AND STRATEGIES FOR SUCCESS
(15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ux-collaboration-challenges/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Compared to other departments, UX teams may face more significant
challenges due to their relatively less established position. By
acknowledging and addressing these challenges, UX teams can enhance
their organization's UX maturity, improve cross-functional
collaboration, and play a vital role in spreading UX knowledge to
advance the field. 

INFORMATION ARCHITECTURE VS. SITEMAPS: WHAT‚ÄôS THE DIFFERENCE? (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/information-architecture-sitemaps/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Information architecture is the practice of structuring, organizing,
and labeling content from your website. Sitemaps are visualization
tools that are used predominantly for planning purposes. 

DESIGN TOOL MEMORY USAGE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://bjango.com/articles/designtoolmemory/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Have you been facing memory issues when designing that 86-step
onboarding flow? The ultimate solution might be switching your design
tool. Check out how different platforms perform in different memory
management scenarios. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

STAFF DESIGN (WEBSITE) [https://staff.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A series of interviews with designers on how they reached the staff
seniority and a collection of tools and resources to help senior
designers get there too. 

WHAT IF INSTAGRAM WENT SPATIAL? UNOFFICIAL UI ON APPLE VISION PRO
SHOWS HOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/09/01/what-if-instagram-went-spatial-unofficial-ui-on-apple-vision-pro-shows-how/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

We're still months away from Vision Pro's release, but that doesn't
prevent designers from experimenting. This app concept, proposed by
Cairo-based designer Ahmed Hafez, relies on glassy elements, a larger
viewport, and generous spacing. 

DESIGN DETAILS THAT FEEL LIKE MAGIC (WEBSITE)
[https://www.designspells.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

If you believe details matter, this one's for you. Design Spells is a
collection of delightful design details and interactions. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=5ba4d8b4-4bc8-11ee-b4f9-e1a30d1b5beb&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693915367&t=1693915598&s=4a9185be143e1f41fb46ca78209dd660de80552dc1460c11a233addf8c1ce960].