# Articles TLDR Design 13-09-2023

The US federal government now has its own design system crafted to
make government online services accessible, legible, and consistent¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=76343cf2-520c-11ee-af04-d99bab891fc1&pt=campaign&t=1694606683&s=28699e7e0f17f390638635afd5e0a24e14c62bbb53805ead3d4a30d174776516]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-13

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

U.S. ANNOUNCES OFFICIAL WEB DESIGN SYSTEM (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://boingboing.net/2023/09/11/u-s-announces-official-web-design-system.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The US federal government now has its own design system crafted to
make government online services accessible, legible, and consistent.
USWDS is also an active open-source community of government engineers,
content specialists, and designers. 

DOUBLE TAP GESTURE, FASTER PERFORMANCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/apple-watch-series-9-first-look-double-tap-gesture-faster-performance/]

Apple has unveiled the Apple Watch Series 9. The watch features the
new S9 chip, which enhances performance and introduces a gesture
called Double Tap, allowing users to interact with the watch without
touching the screen. 

SALESFORCE INTRODUCES NEW AI ASSISTANT, EINSTEIN COPILOT, FOR ALL ITS
CRM APPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/business/salesforce-introduces-new-ai-assistant-einstein-copilot-for-all-its-crm-apps/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Einstein Copilot, a new generative AI conversational assistant, is
being integrated into Salesforce's CRM and all supported apps. It will
automate account updates, help prepare meetings, generate customized
content, and more. The feature will reach other consumer-facing
channels, like websites, to power real-time chat, Slack, WhatsApp, and
SMS. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO MAKE CHARTS AND GRAPHS MORE ACCESSIBLE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pope.tech/2023/08/31/how-to-make-charts-and-graphs-more-accessible/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

People experience charts and graphs in different ways and even with
other senses. Alternative text should be used to describe the
visualization's purpose. Pairing graphs with a table element enables
users to navigate data better. Color and contrast are also vital
aspects, but they shouldn't be relied upon as the only way to
communicate meaning. It's essential to consider HTML structure,
keyboard navigation, and how screen readers will display information
to users. 

THE COMPLEXITY OF PRODUCT DESIGN IN SAAS COMPANIES AND STARTUPS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/navigating-the-labyrinth-the-complexity-of-product-design-in-saas-companies-and-startups-87da3b9101ea//?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Product designers in SaaS companies and startups face a challenging
but rewarding journey in the fast-paced tech industry. They must
balance agility with quality, cater to diverse user needs, collaborate
closely with development teams, embrace iterative design, and maintain
a balance between aesthetics and functionality to shape the future of
the tech world. 

PRACTICAL GUIDE TO DESIGN SYSTEM COMPONENTS (WEBSITE)
[https://redesigningdesign.systems/component-process/getting-started.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A practical guide for redesigning design systems with four key steps
‚Äî develop a stronger understanding of the existing component,
explore multiple different applications of the component in the
product, rebuild the component with the developers and redesign it in
Figma, and put together documentation for the component update as it
gets released. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

THE LOREM IPSUM OF ILLUSTRATIONS (WEBSITE)
[https://doodleipsum.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Doodle Ipsum lets you customize doodles, grab the code, and use them
on your web prototypes, landing pages, or no-code tools. The tool also
brings advanced features, allowing you to add special query
parameters. 

YEARS OF DESIGN BOOKMARKS (WEBSITE)
[https://toolkit.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Hundreds of design resources organized over the years in categories
like accessibility, design systems, tools, and content. 

10 EXCELLENT BOOKS FOR ILLUSTRATORS TO INSPIRE AND HELP REFINE SKILLS
(7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/10-excellent-books-for-illustrators/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

There are many different types of illustration and it's challenging to
master them all. This list is a good starting point. These ten
illustration books cover a range of topics, from the basics of art
theory to the secrets of an Oscar-nominated legend. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT SEPARATES GREAT DESIGNERS FROM GOOD ONES? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxdesigninstitute.com/blog/netflix-product-design-interview/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Adam Glynn-Finnegan, Staff Product Designer at Netflix Studio, shares
the most valuable learnings from his career and what separates great
designers from good ones. Key lessons: deeply understand the content,
describe it in a way that resonates with the individual user, and
present it in a highly personalized way. As career advice,
Glynn-Finnegan believes in being pragmatic and flexible. 

USABILITY AUDIT OF THE ZARA WEBSITE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/09/usability-audit-of-the-zara-web-site.php?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Zara is a global brand that is based in Spain with a broad audience.
The company offers its customers an unparalleled shopping experience.
This in-depth examination of Zara‚Äôs website surfaces problems like
overemphasizing the mobile experience, insufficient filtering options,
a lack of sorting options, and a lack of consistency with buttons. 

GRADIENTS, BLEND MODES, AND A REALLY COOL HOVER EFFECT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/gradients-blend-modes-hover-effect/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

CSS gradients can be used on other elements around the hovered
element. While hovering over one item, this effect triggers visual
changes to other items. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

8 CSS SNIPPETS FOR CREATING STYLISH DROP CAPS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://speckyboy.com/css-snippets-drop-caps/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Recreating drop caps in web design hasn‚Äôt always been simple, Early
implementations were often clunky and required various hacks. Modern
CSS makes this easier. Here are eight unique implementations that show
what‚Äôs possible. 

THIS SERIF TYPEFACE HONORS TIANANMEN SQUARE PROTESTORS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90947861/this-serif-typeface-honors-tiananmen-square-protestors?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Drawn from a poster seen at the 1989 protest, Vocal Type is a typeface
designed to honor those who perished in the Tiananmen Square protests.
Created by Tr√© Seals, the initiative was the result of asking his
Instagram followers what movement, person, or event they‚Äôd like to
see a new typeface pay homage to. 

POLYPANE 15 LAUNCHES WITH A BROWSER IN THE BROWSE PANEL AND
PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://polypane.app/blog/polypane-15-fully-featured-browser-in-the-browse-panel-performance-improvements-chromium-116-and-more/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Polypane is a web browser for designers and web developers who need to
create websites that work well across different devices and screen
sizes. The latest release brings a rebuilt browser panel with its own
tabs, search, and autocomplete. It also introduces an online search
through the address bar in the redesigned browse panel. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=76343cf2-520c-11ee-af04-d99bab891fc1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694606467&t=1694606683&s=a33485aacf3bfc97942ea59d63aa2e5f5ce8915aad01bf3a8096b66d00196a9e].