# Articles TLDR Design 23-10-2023

The future of augmented reality doesnt need to be bulky and
unstylish.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=093592a4-7192-11ee-b63a-0d54e1db7fc5&pt=campaign&t=1698062607&s=897ccf2bd2e9cb056529c903c15a7c2c67ea3840829dc15709d3d30b4db6b033]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-23

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 THE RAY-BAN META SMART GLASSES ACTUALLY MAKE THE FUTURE LOOK COOL (21
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23922425/ray-ban-meta-smart-glasses-review?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The future of augmented reality doesn't need to be bulky and
unstylish. Ray-Ban Meta Smart Glasses are the second generation of
Meta's wearable device that can capture photos, videos, and audio.
Unlike VR devices, these glasses are lightweight, water-resistant, and
stylish, with several frame and lens options. 

 NEW ACCESSIBILITY UPDATES COME TO GOOGLE MAPS, SEARCH, CHROME AND
MORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/outreach-initiatives/accessibility/making-daily-tasks-accessible/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Google is rolling out new accessibility features and updates,
including specific naming and icons for disabled-owned businesses and
Magnifier, an app for seeing things with detail up close. Maps users
can now display stair-free routes when walking directions are
requested. Maps has also introduced enhanced screen reader
capabilities through Lens. 

 ADOBE ADDS PLENTY OF AI WIZARDRY TO PHOTOSHOP AND PREMIERE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.engadget.com/adobe-adds-plenty-of-ai-wizardry-to-photoshop-and-premiere-130011069.html?guccounter=1?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Adobe just released the latest iterations of Photoshop Elements and
Premiere Elements. On the Photoshop side of things, a new tool
automatically selects objects and backgrounds for removal, editing, or
replacement. As for Premiere, the popular video-editing software suite
now uses AI to automatically create highlight reels culled from
uploaded footage. The company says that these AI-created clips will
draw people in by focusing on motion, close-ups, and the
highest-quality footage. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 HOW TO ANIMATE ALONG A PATH IN CSS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/10/animate-along-path-css/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Create a progress indicator with the illusion of a scooter racing
along a donut track using animated custom properties, a conic
gradient, CSS offset, and emoji. 

 WHAT SHOULD BE THE CONTRAST LEVEL OF INACTIVE BUTTONS? (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/what-should-be-the-contrast-level-of-inactive-buttons-e618424c1f57?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Disabled buttons need to look non-interactable. But they also can‚Äôt
be completely unreadable. Disabled text readability is surely not an
easy problem to solve, especially when WCAG only tells us there is
‚Äúno contrast requirement‚Äù for it. Luckily APCA‚Äôs Readability
Criterion (ARC) comes to the rescue with guidelines that finally give
us a well-defined and researched way to test our text‚Äôs legibility.
These guidelines consider font size, font weight, color, use case, and
more. 

 WHEN TO USE CSS TEXT-WRAP: BALANCE; VS TEXT-WRAP: PRETTY; (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.stephaniestimac.com/posts/2023/10/css-text-wrap/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Text-wrap: balance; has a limit to how many lines the browser will
wrap. It should only be used on headlines, headings, and subheadings.
Applying it to large paragraphs will have no effect and comes at a
performance cost because the browser is trying to calculate optimal
balance even though it won't apply anything. Text wrap: pretty; is the
opposite of balance and can be used on entire blocks of text, but
you're only really going to see a difference on the last four lines of
text. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 APP MOTION (WEBSITE)
[https://appmotion.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 A collection of animations from mobile apps for inspiration. The
animations featured can be filtered by categories such as morph,
selection, wiggle, page, and more. 

 AUTO STYLE SHEET (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.fri3nds.com/figma-plugin?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 This handy plugin scans your entire Figma file and automatically
provides a style guide report to help you spot design inconsistencies.


 DARK THEMED WEBSITE GALLERY (WEBSITE)
[https://www.dark.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Find inspiration for designing dark-themed websites or switching to
dark mode. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HOW TECHCRUNCH SPENT $1 MILLION REBUILDING THEIR WEBSITE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.pootlepress.com/2023/10/how-techcrunch-spent-1-million-rebuilding-their-website/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The first major line item was $300k spent on design work for the new
site. Next up was $200k for infrastructure costs. Considering the
massive amount of traffic and content on TechCrunch, the backend
servers and CDN had to be robust. The biggest cost was $500k for the
actual development and migration of the site. 

 THE IMPACT OF PARKINSON‚ÄôS LAW ON PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/parkinsons-law/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Parkinson‚Äôs Law describes the phenomenon where work expands to fill
the time available, or even longer in some cases. Procrastination,
scope inflation, and a lack of urgency are some of its most visible
manifestations in product teams. The good news is that once you
understand it, you can take advantage of it, reducing inefficiencies
and optimizing your product development process. 

 UNRELIABILITY OF AI IN EVALUATING UX SCREENSHOTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakobnielsenphd.substack.com/p/ai-ux-evaluation?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The Baymard Institute recently tested ChatGPT 4 to find usability
problems in 12 interfaces. The results were disappointing. The test
performed poorly as it was designed to examine single interfaces and
many UX problems arise from the interaction flow between screens. It
is also essential to consider when the training data was collected
since UI design patterns change over time, and recommendations that
seemed reasonable in the past might be less effective later. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 FRAMER INTRODUCES RELATIVE OVERLAYS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.framer.com/updates/relative-overlays?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Relative Overlays allow Framer users to change how they design
navigations by adding dropdowns to any layer with Appear Effects, a
Dynamic Safe Area, custom positioning, and more. The new functionality
can be added to Frames, Text, and Components. 

 DESIGNING USABLE TOGGLE SWITCHES: APPLYING UX RESEARCH INSIGHTS (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/designing-usable-toggle-switches?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Despite their simplicity, toggles in UX can be poorly designed and
misunderstood. A digital toggle is measured against the unspoken
standard of the users' physical experiences, and mismatches can lead
to confusion. This post features a recent study that reveals several
problematic toggle designs, followed by UX best practices to tackle
them. 

 ARTIST DOCUMENTS HER STAYS AT DIFFERENT JAPANESE HOTELS IN CAREFULLY
RENDERED ILLUSTRATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mymodernmet.com/japanese-hotel-illustrations-kei-endo/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Japanese artist Kei Endo creates colorful paintings depicting the
interiors and layouts of every place she stays, highlighting their
similarities and differences. Her book, Tokyo Hotel Sketch, features
many watercolor layouts from different corners of the Japanese
metropolis. Each of these works is carefully painted in delicate
colors and accompanied by a description that tells you what makes them
unique. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=093592a4-7192-11ee-b63a-0d54e1db7fc5&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698062419&t=1698062607&s=0f94e6ad655e6c41e401a392ca26005dee50a6f75465755fdf9854f3570854f1].