# Articles TLDR Design 24-10-2023

Tinder is introducing a new feature called Tinder Matchmaker¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=5027ea76-7256-11ee-a820-eb9338d32394&pt=campaign&t=1698149025&s=1a0b7225b648bf5fef9186754bbfc7269f8df6002bff10c800310d7552786264]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-24

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 TINDER‚ÄôS APP GETS MORE SOCIAL BY LETTING FRIENDS PLAY MATCHMAKER (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/23/tinders-app-gets-more-social-by-letting-friends-play-matchmaker/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Tinder is introducing a new feature called Tinder Matchmaker,
allowing users to invite friends, even those who aren't on Tinder, to
view and suggest potential matches. This feature enables users to get
dating advice from friends and family, but friends won't have direct
control over swiping left or right. 

 HOW AI REDUCES THE WORLD TO STEREOTYPES (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://restofworld.org/2023/ai-image-stereotypes/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A recent experiment shows that bias also manifests in generative AI
systems. Using Midjourney, the analysis used five prompts based on the
generic concepts of ‚Äúa person,‚Äù ‚Äúa woman,‚Äù ‚Äúa house,‚Äù ‚Äúa
street,‚Äù and ‚Äúa plate of food‚Äù and adapted them for different
countries: China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, and Nigeria. Over 3,000
images showed how the platform perpetuates typical stereotypes: most
of New Delhi‚Äôs streets were polluted and littered, a Mexican person
was usually a man in a sombrero, and so on. 

 FACEBOOK‚ÄôS APP ICON LEARNS TO BORROW COLORS FROM YOUR WALLPAPER (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/facebooks-app-icon-dynamic-theming-update/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Facebook and Instagram are finally adding support for dynamic theming
to their app icons on Android, catching up with the system-wide
dynamic theming introduced in Android 12. Meta is also adding dynamic
theming support to the Messenger icon in its beta channel. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 HOW I MAKE AN AESTHETIC FIGMA THUMBNAIL COMPONENT THAT SCALES (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.betterbydesign.cc/p/how-i-make-an-aesthetic-figma-thumbnail?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A well-designed, scalable Figma thumbnail can emphasize the name of
the work (to align with its name in Jira), emphasize work status,
distinguish between active and inactive files, distinguish between
standard design files and libraries, and make thumbnails feel like an
extension of the Figma UI. 

 SHIP FASTER BY BUILDING DESIGN SYSTEMS SLOWER (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://bigmedium.com/ideas/design-system-pace-layers-slow-fast.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Successful design systems move more slowly than the products they
support. That‚Äôs a feature, not a bug. This interesting article
outlines why design systems should move more slowly than products,
what to do when the product has a need that the design system can‚Äôt
support in time, and how to coordinate the design system roadmap with
product roadmaps. 

 THE USABILITY PROBLEM WITH PROMPT-DRIVEN AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/prompt-driven-ais-usability-problem-780786634558?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 While GenAI tools like ChatGPT, Google‚Äôs Bard, Midjourney, and
Dall-E 2 have catalyzed more conversational and natural interactions
between humans and machines, they are still being developed and not
yet in an end state. Only 14% of their users are active daily compared
to 63% of other tech companies. Three key shifts need to be
accelerated to ensure users of these tools aren‚Äôt left behind:
Multimodal interfaces, hybrid graphical and prompt-driven interfaces,
and generative interfaces. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 RURI SPLINES (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1094343067414782306/ruri-splines?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Create high-quality splines, shapes, and spots by adding a
gradient-along-path effect to any curve. With a collection of more
than 250+ handcrafted and fully editable curves and colors, you will
have unlimited options to combine. 

 AI MEETS COLOR (WEBSITE)
[https://colpat.itsvg.in/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 ColPat is an AI-powered tool for quickly generating color schemes,
extracting palettes from images, and checking trending colors. 

 ENHANCE YOUR RELEASE PROCESS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.unrevealed.tech/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Unrevealed is a platform that allows you to test new releases in a
controlled environment. Enable features to beta testers, get early
feedback, and measure the impact before going live. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HEY DESIGNERS, THEY‚ÄôRE GASLIGHTING YOU. (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/nice-work-from-active-voice/hey-designers-theyre-gaslighting-you-e02e5a4d9cff?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Too many organizations have convinced designers that they‚Äôre the
problem ‚Äî that if they just worked harder, they‚Äôd be taken
seriously. However, if just doing more was going to fix the problem‚Ä¶
it‚Äôd be fixed by now. Designers are being gaslighted ‚Äî gaslighting
is a manipulative technique that makes people question their sanity
and assume that they‚Äôre the problem. Maybe, if they just try one
more time, things will change - but they never do. The truth is, you
cannot overwork your way into being valued. 

 WHY ARE WE SO FASCINATED BY LETTERS? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/why-are-we-so-fascinated-by-letters-9a31795c6672?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Even if they haven‚Äôt put too much thought into what goes into
designing a new font, most people will be interested, because type,
and letters, are interesting to so many of us. Humans are
pattern-seeking machines. We seek to make sense of the world, and
patterns help us learn and remember what‚Äôs important. In prehistoric
times, this meant knowing which plants were good to eat and which
would make you sick. In literate societies, pattern-seeking is what
allows us to learn how to read and write. We teach these patterns to
our children. 

 "YOU'RE ALL SET:" CASUAL LANGUAGE, EMBEDDED ADVERTISING, AND THE
DECLINE OF HUMAN-CENTERED DESIGN (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.wonderfulnarrative.com/thoughts/youre-all-set?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 There is no denying that real business and productivity applications
have become the next frontier for overselling, as evidenced by the
casual, colloquial language creeping in, the cute animations, and the
shameless product placement. Rather than fighting for true
human-centered design, most designers use product marketing-sponsored
dark patterns. As opposed to just designing the next trick for
increasing sales, designers should focus on improving the human
condition by making things more useful, usable, and desirable. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 FRANK BACH, UX (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.principals.me/english/frank-bach?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 An interview with Frank Bach, who was the principal designer at
Headway before he joined Instagram. 

 CARI, INDEX OF AESTHETICS (WEBSITE)
[https://cari.institute/aesthetics?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 An index of aesthetic trends from the 1970s onward, including
Corporate Hippie, Grunge, Cyberbougie, Disco Deco, Diner Kitsch, and
more. 

 IOS 17.1 LIKELY TO LAUNCH TOMORROW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/10/23/ios-17-1-likely-to-launch-tomorrow/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Apple is set to release several updates at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time.
Notable features in the iOS 17.1 update include reduced radiation for
iPhone 12 models, continuous AirDrop transfers over the internet,
improvements in Apple Music, and bug fixes. watchOS 10.1 introduces
NameDrop and Double Tap features. macOS Sonoma 14.1 brings bug fixes
and an Enhance Dialogue feature for HomePods used with Apple TV. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=5027ea76-7256-11ee-a820-eb9338d32394&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698148831&t=1698149025&s=892e9703f2392ab79458dfdc768ddca8297be623af0a3360c5860d246d17bfec].