# Articles TLDR Design 29-09-2023

Photoshop for the Web is now available after being in beta for almost
two years.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=e4afca40-5e99-11ee-b46a-99521e90ea10&pt=campaign&t=1695989143&s=970d809af78174f1975560da67938359b1c24b090889a7131ef13be6340c3cce]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-29

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ADOBE LAUNCHES PHOTOSHOP‚ÄôS WEB VERSION WITH FIREFLY-POWERED AI TOOLS
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/28/adobe-launches-photoshops-web-version-with-firefly-powered-ai-tools/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Photoshop for the Web is now available after being in beta for almost
two years. Featuring Firefly-powered AI tools, its AI capabilities
include generative expand, which lets users expand an image and fill
it with content based on a prompt, and generative fill, which can add
or remove objects while keeping the original context of an image. 

MICROSOFT IS TESTING A DALL-E-POWERED TEXT-TO-IMAGE CREATOR IN PAINT
FOR WINDOWS 11 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/27/23892900/microsoft-dall-e-windows-11-paint-cocreator?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Paint Cocreator is an AI-enhanced version of Microsoft Paint that
allows users to create prompt-based art. Powered by DALL-E, the new AI
functionality enables creatives to apply art styles and add layers to
the initial composition. Paint Cocreator should be available to all
Windows 11 users in a few weeks. 

TRANSFORMING DESIGN EDUCATION FOR JAPAN‚ÄôS K-12 STUDENTS (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/transforming-design-education-for-japans-k-12-students/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Figma has partnered with Google for Education to provide K-12 schools
in Japan with access to Figma and FigJam through Chromebooks and
Google Workspace for Education. The goal is to foster design skills
and creativity among students, preparing them for future job
opportunities in a digital world while also aligning with Japan's
commitment to education access and equity. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO GET BETTER AT TIME MANAGEMENT IF YOU‚ÄôRE DESIGNING FOR
MULTIPLE PROJECTS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://dataanddesign.substack.com/p/how-to-get-better-at-time-management?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Once we understand three key aspects of time management for creatives,
it suddenly stops being such a challenging topic. First of all, we are
creatives who feel like our work is never done. We also need
uninterrupted blocks of time for work (and don‚Äôt get it). Finally,
people often don‚Äôt fully understand the design process. 

HOW TO CREATE A COLOR RAMP USED IN DESIGN SYSTEMS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/how-to-create-a-color-ramp-used-in-design-systems-2edd5b93854c?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A color ramp, also known as a color scale, is a visual representation
of how colors transition from light to dark smoothly and continuously.
The steps required to create a color ramp are: start with your defined
brand colors, adjust lightness at each color stop, adjust saturation
as needed, check contrast ratios, repeat for all other colors, and aim
for similar lightness and saturation for each stop as the other
colors. 

FORM ACCESSIBILITY AND USABILITY BEYOND THE BASICS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.pope.tech/2023/09/26/form-accessibility-and-usability-beyond-the-basics/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Accessible forms unlock new audiences and improve the user experience
for all users. Equipping fields with autofill, investing in
well-designed error messages, and tweaking date fields are minor
adjustments that lead to more accessible forms. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

UNSTOCK.AI (WEBSITE) [https://unstock.ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A tool to generate free high-quality images and illustrations on
demand powered by the world's most creative image generation AIs.
Users can choose the desired style and edit the image after it‚Äôs
generated. 

ALPACA AI TOOL AND PHOTOSHOP PLUGIN TAKE YOUR CREATIVITY TO THE NEXT
LEVEL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.geeky-gadgets.com/alpaca-ai-tool-photoshop-plugin/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Alpaca, an AI plugin for Photoshop, can generate images and convert
sketches into detailed images. Artists can start with sketches and
reference images to guide the composition of their artwork. This
feature allows users to draw an image, import it, and then generate a
detailed image from the sketch. 

LANDING PAGES EXPLAINED (WEBSITE)
[https://landingpagesexplained.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This landing page collection features screenshots and notes by the
experts who designed it. The project focuses on conversion
optimization and highlights the design decisions that drive more
sales. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CHATGPT‚ÄôS NEW ABILITY TO LISTEN AND SPEAK WILL MAKE IT MORE
INCLUSIVE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lifewire.com/chatgpt-can-now-see-hear-speak-7975324?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In the not-so-distant future, voice-activated AI chatbots will be able
to understand diverse accents and languages, making technology more
inclusive and universal. This evolution will be coupled with the
capability to sense emotions from our voice's subtle cues, creating
more empathetic digital assistants. 

USE GOOGLE SEARCH LIKE IT‚ÄôS 1998 TO MARK ITS 25TH BIRTHDAY (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/google-25th-birthday-search-in-1998/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Neocities‚Äô replication of old Google homepages allows users to
experience the search engine from 1998, 2009, 2011, and 2013, when the
major visual changes were introduced. The webpage accurately emulates
how Google Search used to look back in the day, complete with the
drop-down menu to choose the number of results to display per page and
the ‚ÄúI‚Äôm feeling lucky‚Äù button. 

HOW TO USE UX DESIGN TO BOOST YOUR SEO (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://careerfoundry.com/en/blog/ux-design/ux-seo/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google states that web page usability and content quality are key
factors that determine page ranking. Creating user-centered and
well-structured content, focusing on findability, having a
mobile-friendly UI, and having fast loading times are UX improvements
with the most direct impact on SEO. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PEOPLE LIVING WITH DISABILITIES ARE DONE WAITING FOR ACCESSIBLE
DESIGNS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dezeen.com/2023/09/27/accessible-designs-luc-speisser-landor-and-fitch-opinion/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A gigantic minority of one billion people experience some form of
disability and are often let down by design. Multiple aspects can
improve their lives. Maybe you could add better color coding to your
product. Your typography may lack legibility. Or do you need to
genuinely explore options for allowing users to customize their
purchases? No matter what the improvement is, the important thing is
to start now and generate the momentum that triggers continuous
inclusive design initiatives. 

STRAVA EXPANDS USER EXPERIENCE WITH NIKE RUN CLUB INTEGRATION (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://runningmagazine.ca/the-scene/strava-expands-user-experience-with-nike-run-club-integration/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Strava users can now seamlessly synchronize their Nike Run Club (NRC)
and Nike Training Club (NTC) activities with their Strava accounts.
The new integration will make it easier for athletes to monitor their
progress and achievements across platforms. 

TEXTAREAS WITH AUTO-INCREASING HEIGHT USING CSS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.amitmerchant.com/textarea-auto-increase-height/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Textareas are great when it comes to accepting a large amount of text
from the user. However, the problem with them is that they have a
fixed height, which has a detrimental impact on accessibility and
usability. Thankfully, an experimental CSS rule with a form-sizing
property is coming that will allow the increase of the height of
textareas automatically based on the amount of text the user enters. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=e4afca40-5e99-11ee-b46a-99521e90ea10&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695988873&t=1695989143&s=4ffee0615df66eed6e585f05b103dd610bdf7beb603bbc5be657cd1009bc5d84].