# Articles TLDR Design 04-09-2023

WhatsApp is about to go through a considerable revamp¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=17a44bac-4b02-11ee-9990-e94719a7079a&pt=campaign&t=1693829048&s=356b3db633afb1a536a30a80570c2becde49d44edc7c6ada214cbd8c6a563613]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-04

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

WHATSAPP PLANS A BIG UI REDESIGN, HERE'S WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/whatsapp-plans-big-ui-redesign-what-it-looks-like/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

WhatsApp is about to go through a considerable revamp that includes
updated Material Design 3 UI elements and a more modern look and feel.
There are also structural changes. New filters will allow you to see
your unread, personal, and business messages. 

STARK ADDS ARIA NOTES AND TOUCH TARGETS TO ENHANCE HANDOFF (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.getstark.co/blog/introducing-aria-headings-touchtargets-sidekick?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Designing with accessibility in mind is highly facilitated by using
Stark's plugin for Figma and Sketch. The process has become even more
integrated into the way developers enhance accessibility. Stark‚Äôs
plugin now supports ARIA notes and touch target indications. 

AN EARLY GOOGLE CHROME WEB STORE PREVIEW SHOWS A 'MODERN' REDESIGN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.androidcentral.com/apps-software/google-chrome-web-store-redesign-preview?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Google Chrome Web Store redesign brings its aesthetic closer to
the Play Store. The timeframe of its official arrival isn‚Äôt clear
yet, but Google is asking users and developers for feedback. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

USER DRIVEN UI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://garden.bradwoods.io/notes/design/user-driven-ui?utm_source=tldrdesign]

When a product matures and covers more scope, complexity tends to
follow. However, does it need to be this way? The advent of AI might
provide the answer for evolving products without hurting the
experience for new users. 

HOW TO PICK MATCHING COLOR PALETTES EVERY TIME (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://designerup.co/blog/how-to-pick-perfect-color-palettes-every-eime-no-plugins-or-color-generators/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

You don't need plugins or color generators to create balanced color
palettes. This practical guide helps you find equivalent colors in
multiple hues based on the HSB color model. 

CREATING COHERENCE: HOW SPOTIFY‚ÄôS DESIGN SYSTEM GOES BEYOND
PLATFORMS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/creating-coherence-how-spotifys-design-system-goes-beyond-platforms/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

How does Spotify build products for mobile devices, TVs, and websites
that look and feel the same? The answer is Encore, its design system
combined with cross-team collaboration with representatives for each
platform. 

A MANIFESTO FOR MOVING BEYOND CREATIVITY (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/a-manifesto-for-moving-beyond-creativity-bb4b5d3465db?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Transitioning from a designer to a design leader requires a shift in
mindset and the development of new skills and competencies. Now that
designers have a seat at the table, they need to understand their role
as design leaders, improve their communication with other
stakeholders, contribute to building a solid team culture, and lead by
example. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

SPRIG INSTANTLY TURNS USER FEEDBACK INTO INSIGHTS WITH AI ANALYSIS
(WEBSITE) [https://sprig.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

AI Analysis for Surveys is a new feature for Sprig that uses
generative AI large language models to go through survey data
intelligently. This functionality allows the platform to provide
instantaneous insights. 

WHAT‚ÄôS NEW IN LIGHTHOUSE 11 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://developer.chrome.com/en/blog/lighthouse-11-0/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Thirteen new accessibility audits have been added to Lighthouse since
version 10. Manual audits are now available after the automatic audits
are completed to help developers make their sites more accessible. 

PERSONAS NON GRATA (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://simplysecure.org/designunderpressure/#methods?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Every product will have not-so-ideal users, so anti-personas should be
something to consider! This quick and funny guide may help you to
avoid tricky situations down the road. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

WHAT IS A TOOLTIP? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxpin.com/studio/blog/what-is-a-tooltip-in-ui-ux/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This deep dive shows how tooltips can involve multiple aspects and
design decisions. Packed with examples, the article outlines best
practices and what you should consider when designing and adopting
them. 

ELEVEN EXPERIENCE DESIGN LESSONS FROM ADOBE DESIGN SUMMIT (8 MINUTE
READ)
[https://medium.com/thinking-design/eleven-experience-design-lessons-from-adobe-design-summit-cefa8669500f?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The biennial, multi-day celebration of Adobe's internal design culture
is a powerful way to spread its design ethos across the company. But
now it's beyond that. Check out the lessons from those who attended
the event. 

CHANGES OVER THE LAST 25 YEARS OF UX RESEARCH (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/08/changes-over-the-last-25-years-of-ux-research.php?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The UX research field has changed considerably since 1998. UX
education expanded, usability became user experience, and job titles
changed. Many businesses began to see the value of design and
research. UX research now occurs earlier in the design process, and
the number of UX jobs has increased significantly. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

FOUR DESIGN PRINCIPLES WE CAN LEARN FROM RAY-BAN (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://weandthecolor.com/4-design-principles-we-can-learn-from-ray-ban/180084?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Ray-Ban stayed relevant for eight decades in a very crowded space.
Part of that success is related to the solid design culture that
guides the company. 

TIME AS SONG TITLES (WEBSITE)
[https://pudding.cool/projects/clocks/songs/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This fascinating online clock plays a song with the exact time in its
title. It brings music from Spotify based on your local time. 

POINTING FINGERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matthiasott.com/notes/pointing-fingers?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A neat trick to read way faster. Just don't tell your teacher. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=17a44bac-4b02-11ee-9990-e94719a7079a&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693828824&t=1693829048&s=dc2c5f7843408c8c1200373b2ddd97de9824050020b68d462d1e946ebbae49b2].