# Articles TLDR Design 03-10-2023

Google is rolling out ChromeOS 117 to Chromebooks with several new
features¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bbb54722-61d3-11ee-890d-e17b826e2b79&pt=campaign&t=1696334691&s=82d0533ff0b5628c2d3908145dfe97703c654e217b47f7d597ec2e2eaad06cd9]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-03

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

CHROMEOS 117 UPDATE BRINGS MATERIAL YOU DESIGN AND A NEW WINDOW
ORGANIZER (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/28/chromeos-117-update-brings-material-you-design-and-a-new-window-organizer/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google is rolling out ChromeOS 117 to Chromebooks with several new
features, including Material You design, a customizable
window-switching panel, and the ability to join video calls directly
from the calendar view. After selecting wallpaper and a color palette,
Material You settings will be reflected in quick settings, desktop,
and window head bars. 

GOOGLE IS SHUTTING DOWN JAMBOARD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/google-is-shutting-down-jamboard?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In late 2024, Google will wind down the Jamboard whiteboarding app and
continue with the previously planned end of support for Google
Jamboard devices. The device is a 55-inch digital whiteboard meant for
education and work purposes. The tech giant has also started
integrating third-party whiteboard tools such as Figjam by Figma,
Lucidspark by Lucid Software, and visual workspace Miro across Google
Workspace. 

POK√âMON COMPANY APOLOGIZES AFTER VAN GOGH COLLABORATION CAUSES
SCALPING MAYHEM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/pokemon-van-gogh-museum-pikachu-promo-card-scalpers-tcg-1850892104?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The unique collaboration initiative between the Pok√©mon Company and
the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam, intended to promote the museum's
50th anniversary, included a limited-edition promo card for the
Pok√©mon Trading Card Game featuring the art of Pikachu inspired by
Van Gogh's Self-Portrait in Grey Felt Hat. The card's release
unleashed chaos at the museum, overwhelming visitors and staff with
crowds chasing the unique Pok√©mon merchandise. Online, the Pok√©mon x
Van Gogh Museum collection sold out almost immediately as it went live
in the U.S. and Canada. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW DESIGN THINKING TRANSFORMED AIRBNB FROM A FAILING STARTUP TO A
BILLION DOLLAR BUSINESS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://review.firstround.com/How-design-thinking-transformed-Airbnb-from-failing-startup-to-billion-dollar-business?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Airbnb's co-founder Joe Gebbia reveals how design thinking saved the
company from almost busting in 2009. The founding team's unusual
approach included doing things that don't scale but add genuine value
to customers, relying on observation and patience, letting the team
run wild with creative hypotheses that are not backed up but
post-evaluated by data, and motivating people to ship on day one. 

CRACKING THE DESIGN CHALLENGE: A GUIDE FOR SENIOR PRODUCT DESIGNERS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.muz.li/cracking-the-design-challenge-a-guide-for-senior-product-designers-9d6e2456ec39?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Applying for senior roles can involve multiple rounds of interviews,
take-home design challenges, and presentations. Prepare yourself with
this practical guide based on a real-world scenario. 

IN-PAGE LINKS FOR CONTENT NAVIGATION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/in-page-links-content-navigation/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In-page links, such as a Back to Top link or a Skip to Content link
for keyboard users, can serve various purposes, but one of their most
common uses is in a table of contents. A table of contents, usually
found at the top of information-rich pages, presents a structured list
of the content topics on that page, allowing users to click and
navigate directly to their desired sections. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

OBJECTS AND FRAMES ARRANGER (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1283441509774815222/arranger?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Arranger Figma plugin allows you to arrange frames and objects in
many creative layout types, like radial, along a custom vector path,
pack an area with objects, and much more. The tool also offers
additional random options for size, rotation, and opacity. 

EASING MADE EASY (WEBSITE)
[https://epiceasing.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Epic Easy enables you to create your custom animation curve, spring,
or bounce. If you're unfamiliar with custom animations, presets are
also available. The tool includes export to CSS, SCSS, Objective-C,
and Swift. 

UNIQUE COLOR COMBINATIONS (WEBSITE)
[https://vanschneider.com/colors?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In 2012, Tobias van Schneider felt the need to collect and combine
unique colors for his future projects. From that, ColorClaim was born.
This page displays 120 gorgeous color pairs, mostly made of one main
and one accent color. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE BIGGEST LIE: WE CARE ABOUT OUR USERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.admixweb.com/the-biggest-lie-we-care-about-our-users/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Most companies will say that they care about users. But is that still
true when some shady design pattern could boost business metrics?
Infinite scrolls, video autoplay, data privacy breaches, hidden delete
account controls, and other dark patterns are recent plagues that have
infested the user experience. 

HERE‚ÄôS WHAT IT WAS LIKE TO BUILD A WEBSITE IN THE 90S (5 MINUTE
READ) [https://speckyboy.com/90s-build-website/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Building a website in the 90s was undeniably different. The web design
industry was nascent ‚Äì if it existed at all. Standards and best
practices were still years away and there were no sophisticated tools
so designers had to adapt existing tools for this new medium. 

"AI", AND THE TROUBLE WITH INACCESSIBLE SAAS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://localghost.dev//blog/ai-and-the-trouble-with-inaccessible-saas/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

You have an idea and put together a dirty prototype to test it. People
love it, and you decide that the MVP can become a product. What can go
wrong? You will end up with a completely inaccessible SaaS product,
and the amount of work needed to go back and fix all the problems is
so costly that it will never be a "business priority." 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

2023 DIGITAL ACCESSIBILITY INDEX (WEBSITE)
[https://www.audioeye.com/lp/2023-digital-accessibility-index/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A deep dive into almost 40,000 enterprise websites uncovers how top
brands lack digital accessibility and inclusive design. Discover key
insights on web accessibility gaps and how to avoid them. 

NAMING THINGS NEEDN‚ÄôT BE HARD (WEBSITE)
[https://classnames.paulrobertlloyd.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Find inspiration for naming things ‚Äì be that HTML classes, CSS
properties, or JavaScript functions ‚Äì using these lists of useful
words. 

USER STORIES AREN‚ÄôT THE TALE FOR DISCOVERY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://grillopress.github.io/2023/09/29/user-stories-arent-the-tale-for-discovery.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

User stories, with their "As a [user], I want [action] so that
[benefit]" format, may oversimplify complex needs and overlook the
bigger picture in favor of a narrow solution-focused approach. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bbb54722-61d3-11ee-890d-e17b826e2b79&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696334468&t=1696334691&s=e905eb11f30e40442760bd362845ef88aff6f9e84ae30a28675fd889f04d4b81].