# Articles TLDR Design 06-10-2023

Microsoft has moved to the React JavaScript library and improved the
Microsoft Teams design with the Fluent Design language system.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=63a87b3e-6422-11ee-8cd0-53f19ec4cded&pt=campaign&t=1696594019&s=24ad56e1ea36f1b064180308891d300f1fbde8331c2c2c137ce4436062f48fb9]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-06

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

PATREON LAUNCHES NEW FEATURES, A REDESIGNED APP, AND A NEW LOOK (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/04/patreon-launches-new-features-a-redesigned-app-and-a-new-look/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Creators can now chat with their Patreon supporters in a Discord-like
chat. The company is also releasing Commerce, which allows creators to
sell one-off digital goods and offer free subscriptions. The app
redesign is based on a new logo and wordmark and includes changes to
members' profiles and an updated home feed. 

MICROSOFT‚ÄôS FASTER AND REDESIGNED TEAMS APP NOW AVAILABLE FOR
WINDOWS AND MAC (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/5/23904418/microsoft-teams-new-app-faster-design-features-available-download?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Microsoft has moved to the React JavaScript library and improved the
Microsoft Teams design with the Fluent Design language system. The
updated version is up to two times faster and uses 50 percent less
memory. 

GOOGLE ASSISTANT GETS GENERATIVE AI UPGRADE WITH BARD (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/google-unveils-assistant-with-bard-a-new-personal-assistant-powered-by-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google has announced a new personal assistant to make conversations
with artificial intelligence more natural, intuitive, and valuable.
The Assistant with Bard will be able to help users with various tasks,
such as planning trips, finding emails, creating lists, or writing
social posts. Users will also be able to interact with it through
text, voice, or images, and the assistant will be able to take actions
for them, such as booking flights, ordering groceries, or sending
messages. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE USE OF SCARCITY CUES IN E-COMMERCE: IMPACT ON USER EXPERIENCE AND
TRUST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/the-use-of-scarcity-cues-in-e-commerce?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Research suggests that scarcity cues like countdown timers and limited
quantity messages are techniques that might negatively impact user
experience and erode consumer trust. A recent study provides
additional evidence that scarcity cues negatively impact user
experience. Designers should avoid using these tactics as they're
perceived as manipulative and deceptive. Where used, scarcity claims
should be specific and verifiable to build trust. 

NINE SIMPLE BUT POWERFUL UX WRITING TIPS FOR DESIGNERS IN 2024 (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxwritinghub.com/imple-but-powerful-ux-writing-tips-for-designers-in-2024/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Effective UX writing enhances the user experience, boosts engagement,
and improves conversion. Considering how often some UI elements are
displayed to users, minor enhancements can make a huge difference. The
nine tips outlined in the article include avoiding prepositions, using
lists, making text more scalable, adopting and descriptive links. 

MAKING A NICE NEON BUTTON (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://zellwk.com/blog/neon-button/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Making neon buttons look great is a challenging task. This practical
tutorial shows you how to assemble astonishing neon buttons using
three guidelines and neat CSS properties. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

WEBWEAVE AI WEBSITE BUILDER (WEBSITE)
[https://webwave.me/ai-website-builder?utm_source=tldrdesign]

WebWave AI Builder, a tool for generating a multipage website from a
description, is now in Open Beta. WebWave‚Äôs drag-and-drop interface
is inspired by graphic design tools and allows users to completely
change and customize the AI-generated website. 

SQUARESPACE REFRESH 2023 (WEBSITE)
[https://www.squarespace.com/refresh?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Squarespace's latest refresh brings new features for creating and
selling online courses, Squarespace payments, client invoicing, and
Acuity scheduling. In terms of commercial tools, it introduces
different fulfillment options, product variant buttons, mobile
optimizations, and checkout improvements. 

FREE PHOTOS OF PEOPLE'S FACES (WEBSITE)
[https://userstock.io/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

UserStock is a collection of people's faces organized by gender, age
group, and background style. All images are free for personal and
commercial use. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

CURIOSITY EATS CREATIVITY FOR BREAKFAST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/curiosity-eats-creativity-for-breakfast-03e96dc74996?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The reason we struggle to come up with original ideas is not a lack of
creativity but a lack of curiosity. Creativity is limited to what we
already know, it is only the recombination of available information
and experience. We need to shift our focus from creativity to insights
and questions - experimentation is a low-hanging fruit and one of the
fastest tracks we can use to get us there. 

DARK MODE VS. LIGHT MODE: THE UX DEBATE SETTLED (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90961802/dark-mode-vs-light-mode-ux-debate-settled?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Adopting light and dark modes impacts usability, accessibility, and
even business metrics. Each method has its peculiarities - knowing its
pros and cons is crucial for better design decisions. Dark mode tends
to be easier on the eyes, while Light mode offers superior readability
and less visual fatigue in bright environments. That's just one of
many differences explained in this comprehensive guide. 

ON CRAFT (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.drcathicks.com/post/on-craft?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A touching story of a grandpa, his passion for the craft, the value of
cadence, and how it relates to the current way most software teams
work. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GROWING TOGETHER: UX WRITING METHODS AND A HAPPIER COMMUNITY GARDEN (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/growing-together-ux-writing-methods-and-a-happier-community-garden-c65c726ff4de?utm_source=tldrdesign]

An example of improving sign-up rate from 65% to 90% with the use of
friendlier, more natural, and personal language, easing user concerns,
anticipating and answering possible questions, repeating important
information, and identifying and clarifying potential confusion. 

MONET'S LIFE INSPIRES A HAND-PAINTED VIDEO GAME THAT TOOK 7 YEARS TO
FINISH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.designboom.com/art/the-masters-pupil-claude-monet-hand-painted-video-game-pat-naoum-10-04-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Master‚Äôs Pupil is a video game inspired by the biography of
Claude Monet. Players are placed inside the eye of the Father of
Impressionism through a character that needs to solve a series of
puzzles. Game developer Pat Naoum spent seven years perfecting the
Monet-esque atmosphere that details the game. 

ILLUSTRATOR TESS SMITH-ROBERTS' DEBUT BOOK TACKLES THE WEIRD AND WILD
WORLD OF MODERN DATING (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/tess-smith-roberts-disaster-dates/]

Many funny and awful date stories are swirling around nowadays -
there's an enormous appetite for them. Illustrator and author Tess
Smith-Roberts has been taking inspiration from the modern dating world
with a series of dating comics that have now become a full-length
graphic novel, Disaster Dates and Lucky Escapes. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=63a87b3e-6422-11ee-8cd0-53f19ec4cded&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696593652&t=1696594019&s=7128822d12959725c2c891c1210a56781c59c85b00ea77918d6bfce57b7ef171].