# Articles TLDR Design 08-09-2023

The revamped version of Google Chrome should be more closely aligned
with the design paradigm of Material You¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/engineering?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b8e8ef0c-4df2-11ee-b484-fb933c061520&pt=campaign&t=1694174675&s=7e7902b778ad2c56780a9d36cfe6f339b82b2bd606fbe612c0448ffa279654db]


		TLDR 

¬†TLDR WEB DEV 2023-09-08

üßë‚Äçüíª 

ARTICLES & TUTORIALS

GOOGLE CELEBRATES CHROME'S 15TH BIRTHDAY WITH A MAKEOVER (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/google-chrome-15th-birthday-redesign-1850811232?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The revamped version of Google Chrome should be more closely aligned
with the design paradigm of Material You, adopting pastel colors, more
rounded shapes, and a cleaner look. Google is expecting 25% improved
protection from malware and phishing threats with its updated Safe
Browsing. 

ANNOUNCING THE 2023 WEBFLOW AWARDS FINALISTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://wf-blog-2021.webflow.io/blog/announcing-the-2023-webflow-awards-finalists?utm_source=tldrdesign]

2023's most creative and technically impressive Webflow projects have
been announced. This site organizes awards into categories and
features customers, partners, and the community. 

DEMEO IS ONE OF THE FIRST ‚ÄúIMMERSIVE‚Äù GAMES ANNOUNCED FOR APPLE
VISION PRO (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2023/09/can-demeo-jumpstart-apple-vision-pro-game-development/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Despite Apple's apparent lack of attention to game developers,
Resolution Games is actively producing a version of Demeo for the
company's headset. The upcoming title should be one of the first to
offer players an entirely virtual version of the game that doesn't
integrate passthrough images. 

üß† 

OPINIONS & ADVICE

SUCCESSFUL ITERATION REQUIRES GOING BEYOND AGILE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/successful-iteration-requires-going-beyond-agile-81ef0bc80798?utm_source=tldrdesign]

UX design methods are cheaper, faster, and more effective at gathering
data than ‚Äúbuild, measure, learn‚Äù ‚Äî but agile is designed not to
take advantage of them. To truly take advantage of iteration, the team
must be willing to set learning rather than outputs as their primary
goal. 

WHAT TO EXPECT (AND HOW TO SUCCEED) WITH ADVERTISING DESIGN IN 2023
(11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.superside.com/blog/ad-design-for-the-future?utm_source=tldrdesign]

There's an immutable truth regarding ad design: ads need to stand out.
This practical guide shows you how nine design trends, from
AI-generated art to the return of vintage and retro design, can help
you cut through all the noise. 

NO CODE TOOLS ‚Äî WILL DESIGNERS REPLACE DEVELOPERS? (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/no-code-tools-will-designers-replace-developers-6acfdd9254b?utm_source=tldrdesign]

By 2024, low-code application development will account for more than
65% of application development activity. Designers who lack coding
knowledge will struggle to build products with no-code tools.
Designers will not replace developers because they will want to remain
on the visual side rather than fiddle with back-end code. 

THE DESIGNER‚ÄôS GUIDE TO BUILDING A WINNING VC PITCH DECK (17 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.designerfund.com/blog/the-designers-guide-to-building-a-winning-vc-pitch-deck/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Pitch decks need to tell a story that engages people and inspires them
to do something. Guess what? This involves considerable intentional
design. 

üöÄ 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

AI-GENERATED WIREFRAMES (WEBSITE)
[https://thread.antworks.ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Thread is an AI tool for creating wireframes. Designers can tell it
what needs to be in the wireframe and it will create one based on best
design practices. 

ALL BRANDS IN ONE PLACE (WEBSITE)
[https://brandfetch.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Type the logo you want, click the result, and select the format. It's
that simple. Brandfetch's API allows programmatically accessing
up-to-date logos, colors, fonts, and more. 

STYLES TO VARIABLES CONVERTER (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1253585487427690087/Styles-to-Variables-Converter?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Are you worried that you must convert all those Figma styles into
variables? This plugin turns your color styles into new Figma
variables, reflecting their structure, names, and descriptions. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

I‚ÄôM A FAKE BRAND, IN A FAKE WORLD: THE SECRETS BEHIND DESIGNING A
GREAT FICTIONAL BRAND FOR TV AND FILM (15 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/features/fictional-brands-thematic-graphic-design-film-060923?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Duff Beer, Dunder Mifflin Paper, Wonka Candies, and Barbie
merchandise‚Ä¶ We‚Äôve seen countless made-up brands transcend
seamlessly from the screen into the real world. Interviews with some
of the designers behind these fake brands reveal what the key to their
success is. 

TREE TESTING: FAST, ITERATIVE EVALUATION OF MENU LABELS AND CATEGORIES
(14 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/tree-testing/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Effective navigation is about providing users with the best
information architecture so they find what they're looking for. Tree
testing is a task-based research method for finding the best way to
enhance findability in a navigation element. 

FATIGUE AND THE DESIGNER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/fatigue-and-the-designer?utm_source=tldrdesign]

There‚Äôs a noticeable trend of disconcerting chatter on Reddit,
Twitter, and Medium. A growing number of designers appear to be
unhappy. The dynamic pace, the ever-shifting landscapes, the layoffs,
and job insecurity are making designers fatigued. To fight against it,
designers need to go through a mental shift and (re)start designing
for themselves to uplift and inspire themselves. 

FORZA WIN ‚Äî HOW THE RESTAURANT‚ÄôS DESIGN IDENTITY FOSTERED ITS
ENORMOUS SUCCESS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://wepresent.wetransfer.com/stories/forza-wine-national-theater-identity?utm_source=tldrdesign]

If you've ever considered a starter, a main course, and dessert as
some sort of storytelling, you're not alone. A restaurant in London
finds its way to success by investing in an atmosphere that
communicates its brand essence, inviting guests (users?) to an
experience that delights all senses. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BY MICROSOFT'S STANDARDS, STARFIELD IS A GIANT LEAP BACKWARDS FOR
ACCESSIBILITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.eurogamer.net/by-microsofts-standards-starfield-is-a-giant-leap-backwards-for-accessibility?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Starfield's unintuitive UI, fast-paced combat with no slowed mechanic,
and lack of accessibility assistance to create characters show that
Bethesda has not given enough attention to disabled players. 

GOOGLE ROASTS APPLE'S RUMOURED IPHONE 15 REDESIGN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/google-iphone-15-ads?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Against Apple's wishes, the Lightning port is finally getting replaced
by USB-C. Users have been crying out for this for years, as it could
offer greater peripheral compatibility and charging speeds. Google's
latest ad takes a dig at the iPhone as it compares it to its Pixel
phone. 

THE BRANDS REINVENTING EXPERIENCES WITH AR (WEBSITE)
[https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/consumer-insights/consumer-trends/trending-visual-stories/brands-reinvent-customer-experience-with-ar?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Using the world as a canvas can be highly inspiring. This interactive
guide brought by Google shows how Gorillaz, Gap, and Taito used AR to
create immersive and engaging experiences. 

WOFF HAS LEFT THE BUILDING (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://matthiasott.com/notes/woff-has-left-the-building?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Almost 95% of users have a browser with support for WOFF2 today. WOFF
files aren‚Äôt needed anymore, but if still used, WOFF2 files should
be included before WOFF in the @font-face syntax so that modern
browsers use the correct, more compact file format. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring software engineers, CLICK
HERE TO LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of web
developers and engineering decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE
WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrwebdev&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Priyam Mohanty [https://www.primoh.net/], Jenny Xu
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/xu-jenny/] & Ceora Ford
[https://www.ceora.dev/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Web Dev,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b8e8ef0c-4df2-11ee-b484-fb933c061520&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694174446&t=1694174675&s=7cef18b22856d6f68b157b247512bc9582bcd7866955bb9c969f1dce2e07434c].