# Articles TLDR Design 18-10-2023

Apple has released a cheaper USB-C Apple Pencil that supports hovering
and can be magnetically attached to the iPad Pro¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=d4898898-6d96-11ee-98ff-4775bc610e48&pt=campaign&t=1697630661&s=8fe28f72aea4ccab817f2eec339293211aa9c0b2e95bf024a761a2ff78a89d47]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-18

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 APPLE INTRODUCES NEW APPLE PENCIL (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2023/10/apple-introduces-new-apple-pencil-bringing-more-value-and-choice-to-the-lineup/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Apple has released a cheaper USB-C Apple Pencil that supports
hovering and can be magnetically attached to the iPad Pro. The device
has a price tag of $79 but it isn‚Äôt pressure-sensitive and doesn't
support wireless pairing, wireless charging, or double-tap switching. 

 YOUTUBE‚ÄôS LITTLE DESIGN UPDATES WILL MAKE IT MUCH EASIER TO WATCH
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90968098/youtubes-design-updates-easier-to-watch?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Google has announced YouTube updates to improve streaming video
navigation. When you scrub backward or forward in a video, your phone
will vibrate to let you know when you're at your original spot. You'll
also be able to hold your thumb on the video window, which plays back
at 2x speed until you let go. As for the final update, YouTube will
let you lock the screen while watching a video so you don't get
distracted by accidental taps. 

 NEW WAYS TO GET INSPIRED WITH GENERATIVE AI IN SEARCH (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/products/search/google-search-generative-ai-october-update/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Google is introducing the ability to create images with its
generative AI-powered Search experience. Users who opted into SGE may
see an option to create AI-generated images directly in Google Images.
The feature is designed to appear when searching for inspiration. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 TRANSITION ANIMATIONS: A PRACTICAL GUIDE (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/transition-animations-a-practical-guide-5dba4d42f659?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Transition animations are key in product design because they smoothly
guide users from one stage to the next. They make products easier to
use and more attractive, connecting different steps and improving the
overall product quality. Designing the perfect animation is an
intricate endeavor ‚Äî the challenge lies in finding the right balance
between subtlety and emphasis. 6 principles for better transition
animations: fade in and out with opacity, scale to add liveliness,
maintain consistent directionality, balance speed, prioritize and
group, and establish spatiality. 

 AR FOR EVERYONE: HOW TO BUILD ACCESSIBLE AUGMENTED REALITY UX (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/ar-for-everyone-how-to-build-accessible-augmented-reality-experiences-d6248b1a371a?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Accessibility for AR does not yet have a unique set of guidelines.
However, Google's guidelines offer an excellent framework for building
accessible AR experiences organized by impairment types: mobility and
dexterity, vision, hearing, and cognitive. 

 UX RESEARCH FIELD GUIDE (WEBSITE)
[https://www.userinterviews.com/ux-research-field-guide/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The UX Research Field Guide is a comprehensive how-to guide to user
research. By the time you finish reading, you‚Äôll be a total pro at
doing user research‚Äîfrom planning it to conducting sessions to
analyzing and reporting your findings. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 CARDS FOR HUMANITY (WEBSITE)
[https://cardsforhumanity.frog.co/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 This site presents you with two randomly selected cards that describe
a person's traits. The aim is for users to figure out how to help
these people based on those traits. 

 DESIGNERCIZE (WEBSITE)
[https://designercize.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Designercize is a digital version of an analog whiteboard exercise to
help designers improve whiteboarding, interviewing, and design
thinking skills. 

 SYNTHETIC USERS (WEBSITE)
[https://app.syntheticusers.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Test an idea or explore a problem space with AI-generated realistic
synthetic personas. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 NEW BOOKS BY RADIM MALINIC HELP CREATIVES REALISE THEIR POTENTIAL (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/radim-malinic-on-creativity-for-sale-and-mindful-creative/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 'Creativity For Sale' and 'Mindful Creative' by Radim Malinic will
officially debut on 24 October. Malinic considers them his most
ambitious and important pieces of work to date. Creativity For Sale is
a how-to guide showing artists, writers, designers, and other
creatives how to ignite successful creative careers and businesses.
Mindful Creative is a roadmap demonstrating how to analyze and cope
with the peaks and troughs of creative life, career, and business. 

 CHAMATH'S RULES FOR MAKING A GREAT PRODUCT (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://carbonemike.com/chamaths-rules-for-making-a-great-product?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The 3 questions that helped design products and features at Facebook
to scale it to 1 billion users were: How do you get people in the
front door? How do you get them to an a-ha moment as quickly as
possible? How do you deliver core product value as often as possible?
If a feature doesn‚Äôt answer any of these three questions, it should
be rejected. 

 CREATING A DESIGN TOKENS LIBRARY: ADVANCED STRATEGIES FOR STREAMLINED
DESIGN SYSTEMS (14 MINUTE READ)
[https://designtokens.blog/creating-a-design-tokens-library-advanced-strategies-for-streamlined-design-systems-3bf705042855?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Design tokens ensure consistent decisions are made across all
platforms by bridging the gap between design and development. This
in-depth guide will help you make design tokens that are both scalable
and effective, whether you're refining an existing library or creating
one from scratch. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 GAME+LOGO (WEBSITE)
[https://www.logodesignlove.com/video-game-logos?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A nostalgic collection of logos from decades past in the video game
industry. 

 JAKOB‚ÄôS 10 USABILITY HEURISTICS AS HAIKUS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakobnielsenphd.substack.com/p/heuristics-haiku?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Jakob Nielsen's 10 Usability Heuristics will celebrate its 30th
anniversary in 2024. If you still need to memorize them, how about
adding some poetry to help you? Haiku is a type of short-form poetry
that originated in Japan. Written by the usability legend himself,
this reinterpretation of the work adds a poetic vibe to the laws that
shaped the UX industry. 

 A DIGITAL COLOR‚ÄôS JOURNEY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://chriscoyier.net/2023/10/15/a-digital-colors-journey/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 An image must go through several stages before it is displayed to the
end user. This article dives into file formats, color spaces, and how
different screens display images. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=d4898898-6d96-11ee-98ff-4775bc610e48&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697630495&t=1697630661&s=c38f1aa7eba5afad35e92552159a7deaea8df41c251f5707531b6470a0d9c773].