# Articles TLDR Design 10-10-2023

Apple engineers are now working on the next version of the Vision Pro,
aiming to make it lighter and smaller so its more comfortable.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fbb0842c-6746-11ee-9710-7ba251a0e300&pt=campaign&t=1696940163&s=5f72e92b99f8ac6431347ddb69125dc725767ce5903b23b8f8115309112fbc97]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-10

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

APPLE SAID TO BE REDESIGNING THE VISION PRO HEADSET IN 2 IMPORTANT
WAYS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/apple-said-to-be-redesigning-the-vision-pro-in-two-big-ways/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Apple engineers are now working on the next version of the Vision Pro,
aiming to make it lighter and smaller so it's more comfortable.
Additionally, the company is exploring ways to simplify the headset
for people who wear glasses. 

FIGMA LAUNCHES ZOOM APP (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uctoday.com/collaboration/figma-launches-zoom-app/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Figma and Figjam users will soon be able to collaborate via Zoom,
removing the need to share their screens or switch tabs. The new app
will be available on October 16. 

VISION NEUE KLASSE OFFERS GLIMPSE OF BMW‚ÄôS DESIGN FUTURE (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://design-milk.com/vision-neue-klasse-offers-glimpse-of-bmws-design-future/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The BMW Vision Neue Klasse concept is a retro-futuristic glimpse into
BMW's electrified future, emphasizing technology, efficiency, and
understated luxury. It pays homage to BMW's heritage while departing
from recent bold stylings, featuring a minimalist design, a 3D-printed
front grille, and a digital cabin. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

DAN MALL‚ÄôS 10 PRINCIPLES FOR A WORTHY DESIGN CAREER (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/dan-malls-10-principles-for-a-worthy-design-career/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Identify worthy goals, place bets on unfair advantages, begin with the
end in mind, know when to stop, stretch and warm up, embrace the
mundane, keep moving, keep asking why, grieve the end, and always be
ready for the next worthy bet. 

WHEN PLANNING A WORKSHOP START WITH THE STOPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/when-planning-a-workshop-start-with-the-stops-86b719b0e768?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Don‚Äôt go more than an hour in a workshop without having a break. For
a 90-minute workshop, have at least one 15-minute break. For a
three-hour workshop, have a half-time stop for 20 minutes and at least
a couple of 10-minute breaks. For a day-long workshop, start with
lunch for at least 45 minutes, then have a 15-minute break in the
morning and a couple of 15-minute stops through the afternoon. 

THE ULTIMATE LOW-QUALITY IMAGE PLACEHOLDER TECHNIQUE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://csswizardry.com/2023/09/the-ultimate-lqip-lcp-technique/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

99.9% of pages on the web include at least one image. The median image
weight per page landed at 881 KB in 2022, which is more than HTML,
CSS, JS, and fonts combined. Users should be given something to look
at while they wait for the image to arrive. The solution? Show them a
low-quality image placeholder, or LQIP. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

PRINCIPLES FOR DESIGNING ETHICALLY HUMANE DIGITAL PRODUCTS AND
SERVICES (WEBSITE)
[https://humanebydesign.com/principles/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This is a collection of design principles for the creation of
ethically humane digital products and services. The website also
features resources like books, videos, and podcasts to increase your
awareness of how design decisions affect users' lives. 

PALETTE GENERATOR + API FOR TAILWIND CSS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.tints.dev]

Fast-track the creation of new palettes from just a single Hex value.
Based on Tailwind‚Äôs color system, Palette Generator provides 11
color steps and controls for adjusting hue, saturation, and lightness
values. Any single or set of palettes can also be queried via the API.


GODLY (WEBSITE) [https://godly.website/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Beautiful web design inspiration. This gallery can be filtered by
categories such as large type, animation, minimal, illustrative,
interactive, scrolling animation, portfolio, agency, and dark. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW CREATIVITY CHANGES AS WE AGE (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://wepresent.wetransfer.com/stories/aging-as-a-creative?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Aging affects creatives' outputs. But in what ways? This article
charts the decades of an artist's life and how age changes creativity.


THE FUTURE OF UX DESIGN: EMPOWERED BY AI AND ML (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/10/the-future-of-ux-design-empowered-by-ai-and-ml.php?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Artificial intelligence and machine learning dramatically transform UX
design. As designers embrace both, they can create hyperpersonalized
experiences, anticipate user needs, recognize emotions, and create
sophisticated voice and gesture user interfaces. 

WHERE DOES DREAMWEAVER FIT IN MODERN WEB DESIGN? (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://speckyboy.com/where-does-dreamweaver-fit-in-modern-web-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Dreamweaver has long been a staple for web designers. The trailblazing
tool was first released in 1997 by Macromedia. Does it still have a
future? Dreamweaver hasn‚Äôt released an update since June 2022, and
the competition isn‚Äôt standing still. Other code editors have long
since surpassed Dreamweaver ‚Äî they do a better job of integrating
with modern frameworks and they are typically more flexible. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

HOW TO SEE BEAUTY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://ralphammer.com/how-to-see-beauty/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

It can be hard to process true beauty and even harder to decide how to
capture its essence. This article outlines a sequence of steps to draw
the essential aspects of the things that inspire you. 

GOOD MOVIES AS OLD BOOKS (WEBSITE)
[http://hellomattstevens.com/good-movies-as-old-books?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This ongoing personal project reinvents iconic films as vintage books.


THESE LOGOS HAVE BEEN EDITED TO REPRESENT WHAT PEOPLE ACTUALLY THINK
OF THE BRANDS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://designyoutrust.com/2023/10/these-logos-have-been-edited-to-represent-what-people-actually-think-of-the-brands/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The sbubby subreddit features cleverly modified logos, including those
of well-known companies. The community‚Äôs top picks bring the
funniest redesigns, mainly based on how people perceive them. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fbb0842c-6746-11ee-9710-7ba251a0e300&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696939300&t=1696940163&s=35eeb34d3e1dc4e4bd4e7127e5dc66221da47b9bd57000ce52d6e58f78a8ea96].