# Articles TLDR Design 11-10-2023

Nationwide has today unveiled its most significant rebrand in over
three decades.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b63aabd8-680f-11ee-8949-79cbab4e555c&pt=campaign&t=1697026357&s=cee304df7f45a6cc13b611d23693bbff32a8c6bb0e77c3d431096efd8f2b9042]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-11

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

NATIONWIDE REVEALS ITS BIGGEST REBRAND IN 30 YEARS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/news/a-good-way-to-bank-nationwide-reveals-its-biggest-rebrand-in-30-years/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Nationwide has today unveiled its most significant rebrand in over
three decades. The work by London studio New Commercial Arts is part
of a drive to modernize the building society and reaffirm it being
owned by members rather than shareholders. Alongside the updated
visual identity, the new branding sees Nationwide promise to be ‚ÄúA
Good Way to Bank‚Äù after research revealed 63 percent of people value
their local branch, with face-to-face service given as the top answer
as to why. 

ADOBE RELEASED A SUPER ICON TO COMBAT MISINFORMATION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90964745/adobe-released-a-super-icon-to-combat-misinformation-will-it-work?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In a partnership with BBC, Adobe is rolling out an ‚Äòicon of
transparency‚Äô that will flag if an image has been altered after its
creation. The logo certifies that a media image utilizes Content
Credentials, a series of open-source opt-in metadata. 

USABILITYHUB REBRANDS INTO LYSSNA (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lyssna.com/blog/usabilityhub-is-now-lyssna/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

UsabilityHub is now Lyssna, which means ‚Äúto listen‚Äù in Swedish.
The team behind Lyssna thinks that listening is the foundation of
human connection and understanding so they decided it was their new
mission. The rebranding comes complete with a new identity logo and
new branding guidelines. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WE‚ÄôRE TURNING DESIGNERS INTO FACTORY WORKERS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/were-turning-designers-into-factory-workers-a7471daaf6fd?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Considering the availability of modern tools and recent advancements
in governance (design systems), one might think designers could relax
and enjoy some leisure time. Surprisingly, that‚Äôs not the case. It
feels like designers have even less time than before. As we‚Äôre
frantically pushing toward an auto-governed future, we ought to stop
and think about our purpose as designers. 

USING BING CHAT FOR PRODUCT DESIGN TASKS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/using-bing-chat-for-product-design-tasks-56d547b8e2da?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Bing Chat, powered by the GPT-4 model, is free and available as a
sidebar in Microsoft Edge. Given how practical and effective it is,
designers should explore using the tool for generating product ideas,
creating user personas, learning about user pain points, and more. 

HOW DUOLINGO DESIGNS PRODUCT (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://adplist.substack.com/p/how-duolingo-designs-product-and?utm_source=tldrdesign]

When it comes to learning experience, retention becomes an even more
crucial aspect of product design. This post shows how Duolingo found
impressive retention levels using psychology and behavioral science to
keep its users learning. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

STUBBORN GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://stubborn.fun/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Create your illustrated story using characters, styles, scenes, and
objects. This free tool offers a set of 60 characters, backgrounds,
and elements that can be mixed and customized. 

FRIGHTFULLY FREE FONTS: 6 GOOGLE FONTS FOR HALLOWEEN DESIGNS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/resources/frightfully-free-fonts-6-google-fonts-for-halloween-themed-designs/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

These six horror-themed Google Fonts will get you covered for the
Halloween season. Free for personal and commercial use, they convey
the fear and suspense you need for the spookiest layouts. 

GIF GENERATOR (WEBSITE) [https://hotshot.co/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Hotshot is a free AI tool that lets you generate GIFs from simple text
prompts. The website also features a gallery with other GIFs that have
been created, with their corresponding prompts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

VOICE USER INTERFACES: SEAMLESS INTERACTIONS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/10/voice-user-interfaces-seamless-interactions.php?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Voice User Interfaces (VUIs) employ speech-recognition technology that
enables users to communicate via a computer, smartphone, smart
speaker, or other device by using voice commands. They incorporate
many recent technological advancements, including artificial
intelligence technologies such as speech synthesis and automatic
speech recognition. VUIs help users save time, provide similar results
for multiple synonyms so users can always find what they‚Äôre looking
for, and promote multitasking. 

THE NEGATIVE IMPACT OF PERSUASIVE DESIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-negative-impact-of-persuasive-design-dd57eb88834b?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Increasing the amount of money a user spends and decreasing the chance
they are leaving empty-handed is the ultimate goal for e-commerce
websites. Persuasion might compromise user autonomy since the choice
architecture and visual presentation of options can lead consumers to
make choices they may not otherwise have made. This causes users to
feel negative emotions like shame and guilt and presents a cognitive
burden as they have to exercise extreme willpower and concentration to
make sensible decisions. 

CURIOSITY AT THE CORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.williamjoseph.co.uk/blog/curiosity-at-the-core?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Effective teams have as a common trait the ability to harness the
strength of diverse experiences, perspectives, and personalities. This
is related to a conscious effort to gain insights into individual
experiences and worldviews continuously. Some practical tools include
mapping individual strengths, guides to understand how each member
works best, and Ikigai, a method that relies on exploring the
intersection of passion, mission, vocation, and profession. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AI PLAYBOOK FOR DESIGN TEAMS (FREE WEBINAR)
[https://lu.ma/ai-playbook?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Design Dept will host a free webinar featuring the latest technology
and tools in practical applications for professional designers on
October 18. The event is especially aimed at creative teams who want
to incorporate AI into their design process. 

SYDNEY OPERA HOUSE GETS REDESIGNED BY 10 ICONIC ARCHITECTS USING AI
FOR ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/10/06/sydney-opera-house-gets-redesigned-by-10-iconic-architects-using-ai-for-its-50th-anniversary/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Imagined Architecture decided to give Sydney's Opera House an
AI-driven facelift to celebrate its 50th anniversary. The iconic
building was reimagined as if it was designed by architecture masters
like Frank Lloyd Wright, Gaud√≠, Frank Gehry, and many other legends. 

WILL & WELL DESIGNS ADAPTABLE COLLECTION TO MAKE FASHION MORE
INCLUSIVE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dezeen.com/2023/10/10/will-and-well-take-adaptable-collection-fashion-inclusive-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Will & Well's new "Adaptable" collection features clothing with
easy-to-use alternatives to elements such as back zips, hook-and-eye
closures, armholes, and buttons. As one of the 12 design projects
displayed at Singapore Design Week's Playground of Possibilities, the
collection included innovations like the Two-Way blouse, which has
Velcro closures on the shoulders so that a wearer with limited
mobility in their arms can put it on without having to struggle with
neck or armholes, and the HangLoops, which allow some people who would
previously have needed assistance with their clothing to use the
bathroom on their own. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b63aabd8-680f-11ee-8949-79cbab4e555c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697025678&t=1697026357&s=40845a05f4b19e34fd656285d6ae14f04b9025c27e7261bb0a583630ee1c74ac].