# Articles TLDR Design 26-09-2023

The latest Windows 11 update will allow users to create, manage, and
store passkeys¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=8e663380-5c51-11ee-bd20-29b7bf01232e&pt=campaign&t=1695729890&s=80ab0d37ed14c5cf05fd59edb22f05c001ed360bd3099c63820c23f8915bb130]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-26

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

THE LATEST WINDOWS 11 UPDATE WILL HELP YOU DITCH PASSWORDS FOR GOOD (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/22/23885212/microsoft-windows-11-update-passkey-support-availability-date?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The latest Windows 11 update will allow users to create, manage, and
store passkeys and use them to access supported websites and services
using their device‚Äôs authentication systems. Passkeys are expected
to eventually replace passwords entirely as a new standard for login
technology, but it‚Äôs going to take a while for them to be widely
supported. Microsoft is one of the earliest supporters of the
technology, which will vastly improve the user experience of unlocking
devices. 

THE ACTION BUTTON IS THE MOST SIGNIFICANT NEW IPHONE FEATURE IN YEARS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23889013/iphone-15-pro-action-button-programmability-possibility-powerful?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The most significant upgrade in the iPhone 15 Pro is the Action
Button, which replaces the mute switch. This button, programmable
through Apple's Shortcuts app, offers versatile functionality beyond
just changing ringer settings. Users can create custom shortcuts,
enabling a wide range of actions, making the iPhone feel more like a
powerful computer. 

OPENAI GIVES CHATGPT A VOICE FOR VERBAL CONVERSATIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/openai-chatgpt-voice/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

OpenAI is expanding ChatGPT by adding voice and image-based
capabilities to its text-based AI assistant. Users can now have voice
conversations with ChatGPT, ask it to generate stories verbally, and
search for answers using images. The voice feature includes human-like
voices generated from text and speech samples. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

8 MORE MICRO TIPS FOR REMARKABLY BETTER TYPOGRAPHY (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://betterwebtype.com/8-more-tips-for-remarkably-better-typography/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

8 more micro tips for better typography in less than 8 minutes: Adjust
the size of different fonts, increase line height when using inline
code snippets, condense huge type, check the legibility and the
kerning of fonts, use proportional figures in tables, use larger
margins above headings than below, and adjust the line height to the
language used. 

DITCH THE TUTORIALS AND UNLEASH YOUR CREATIVITY: A GUIDE TO MASTERING
UI DESIGN BY DOING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.marcandrew.me/ditch-the-tutorials-a-guide-to-mastering-ui-design-by-doing/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Achieving excellence doesn‚Äôt revolve around being the best or
knowing all trends and tools: it‚Äôs primarily about learning by
doing. Tutorials are great for replicating someone else‚Äôs work, but
they don‚Äôt spark the originality in designers. Reading about design
principles is all well and good, but nothing beats the real-world
experience of just getting your hands dirty and creating something. 

AI CAN ALREADY DESIGN BETTER CITIES THAN HUMANS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.sciencealert.com/ai-can-already-design-better-cities-than-humans-study-shows?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A study published in Nature Computational Science shows that machine
learning can generate more efficient spatial layouts than humans can
and in a fraction of the time. Scientists developed an AI system to
tackle urban planning and found it produces urban plans that
outperform human designs by about 50 percent on access to services,
green spaces, and traffic levels. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

FIGMA GUIDE TO HANDOFF (WEBSITE)
[https://newfriend.gumroad.com/l/figma-guide-to-handoff?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Figma is increasingly becoming a shared workplace for designers and
developers, so why not adopt some solid standards? This handy guide
covers file organization, documentation, collaboration, and more. 

PRACTICAL EXERCISES AND INSPIRATIONS TO HELP WHEN CREATIVE BURNOUT
HITS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/tips/tackling-creative-burnout-exercises-and-inspirations/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Creative burnout might manifest as a lack of motivation or
inspiration, feelings of emptiness after completing a project,
avoidance of projects or tasks, or pure physical and mental
exhaustion. Burnout is a natural part of the creative process, but it
doesn't have to be a roadblock. Activities like meditation,
journaling, and regular breaks can do wonders for your creative
juices. 

WHY NAPKIN IS A GREAT APP FOR GATHERING AND EXPLORING YOUR IDEAS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90954034/why-napkin-is-a-great-app-for-gathering-and-exploring-your-ideas?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Napkin is a unique service for jotting down quick ideas or notes and
connecting them. It is ideal for gathering project ideas, collecting
quotes, drafting Twitter threads, and keeping track of idea seeds. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE AMPERSAND CROWD: A SARTORIAL EVOLUTION OF TYPOGRAPHY AND
ILLUSTRATION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://abduzeedo.com/ampersand-crowd-sartorial-evolution-typography-and-illustration?utm_source=tldrdesign]

What if the Ampersand were not just a character but a character with
character? Amid the bustling streets of New York City in 2020,
renowned designer and illustrator Diego Pinilla Amaya embarked on a
playful typographic escapade. This delightful daydream birthed ‚ÄòThe
Ampersand Crowd‚Äô ‚Äî a brigade of ten unique ampersands, each imbued
with its persona. 

BUILDING AND EVALUATING UX RESEARCH PORTFOLIOS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://lawtonpybus.medium.com/building-and-evaluating-ux-research-portfolios-f191f83bd713?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Only 1 out of 5 UX research job posts require a portfolio. Yet when
the state of UXR hiring was recently surveyed, most participants (69%)
indicated that they have presented or expected to present past case
studies in later rounds as a work sample test. So, although these
materials often aren‚Äôt required up front, they will likely come into
play later on. 

FACEBOOK'S DESIGN MAKES IT UNABLE TO CONTROL MISINFORMATION, RESEARCH
SUGGESTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://phys.org/news/2023-09-facebook-unable-misinformation.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Facebook is designed to build communities around the things people
care about. It can be a problem when the audience cares about the
wrong things. A study led by researchers at George Washington
University found that the core design features of the platform itself
undermined Facebook's efforts to fight COVID-19 vaccine
misinformation. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GETTY MADE AN AI GENERATOR THAT ONLY TRAINED ON ITS LICENSED IMAGES (4
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/25/23884679/getty-ai-generative-image-platform-launch?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Getty Images has partnered with Nvidia to launch "Generative AI by
Getty Images," a tool that allows users to create images using Getty's
extensive library of licensed photos. This AI tool, trained
exclusively on Getty Images content, provides users full copyright
protection for images created and published commercially. 

GOOGLE CHROME‚ÄôS BIG REDESIGN BAKES A USER-TRACKING AD PLATFORM
DIRECTLY INTO THE BROWSER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/googles-widely-opposed-ad-platform-the-privacy-sandbox-launches-in-chrome/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Chrome now directly tracks users as it generates a ‚Äútopic‚Äù list it
shares with advertisers. Despite massive opposition from almost every
non-advertiser, Google owns Chrome and is one of the world's biggest
advertising companies, so this is being railroaded into the production
builds. This new invasive ad platform is being camouflaged under the
name ‚ÄúPrivacy Sandbox.‚Äù 

INSTAGRAM KILLED CREATIVITY WITH THE REMOVAL OF RECENT HASHTAGS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.stephaniestimac.com/posts/2023/9/instagram-killed-creativity/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

It's getting harder to find those hidden gems on Instagram. The
tendency toward homogeneity is exemplified by the platform's decision
to remove the ability to see recent posts under hashtags. The
consequence? Content producers are hacking their way to fit the
formula for being more relevant to their audience, usually by copying
the latest new technique for bubbling up in people's feeds. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=8e663380-5c51-11ee-bd20-29b7bf01232e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695729670&t=1695729890&s=b2162bcbf412830677504b67bf337722d98199392da81dd542b1e8a77e12fb8e].