# Articles TLDR Design 12-09-2023

Jakob Nielsen and Don Norman, the co-founders and owners of the
Nielsen Norman Group, chose Kara Pernice as the person to lead NN/g¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=ef22752e-514f-11ee-8568-4724f1cdf6b2&pt=campaign&t=1694520299&s=9d73c241d0ee90b7ba62cfb2739ca459f502deb655eaa48c34853bddb350dbf4]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-12

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

NIELSEN NORMAN GROUP HAS A NEW PRESIDENT AND CEO (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/news/item/new-president-and-ceo-kara-pernice/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Jakob Nielsen and Don Norman, the co-founders and owners of the
Nielsen Norman Group, chose Kara Pernice as the person to lead NN/g
into the future after 25 years of running it themselves. 

EPIC GAMES TAPS FORMER MCU CHARACTER DESIGNER AS NEW CREATIVE
EXECUTIVE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/11/23868790/epic-games-fortnite-chief-creative-officer-charlie-wen-sony-marvel?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Charlie Wen is Epic's new Chief Creative Officer. He'll be responsible
for driving the creative direction of Fortnite. Wen was the visual
development supervisor for Thor, Captain America: The First Avenger
and The Avengers. 

WHAT IS GLASSMORPHISM (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/what-is-glassmorphism-8fe8bb6222f7]

Glassmorphism is a design style known for its glass-like effects,
featuring translucent/transparent elements on colorful backgrounds. It
adds a touch of minimalism and modernity, popularized by tech giants
like Microsoft and Apple, to web and app interfaces. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

IS AI BETTER AT PICKING AND PAIRING FONTS THAN YOU? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://betterwebtype.com/is-ai-better-at-picking-and-pairing-fonts-than-you/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Fontjoy, an AI-powered tool for pairing fonts comes up with compatible
font pairs based on their visual parameters. ChatGPT can make more
meaningful font pairing recommendations. The AI‚Äôs capabilities for
pairing fonts are at the level of a junior designer. To improve, it
would need to be trained on knowledge and experience of senior
designers, instead of all related content on the internet. 

REWRITING DIGITAL CONTENT FOR BREVITY (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/rewriting-content-brevity/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Research shows that, on average, users read about 20% of the words on
a web page. Long text can intimidate users, making them likely to
click away or skip the content entirely. Some useful advice for
shortening content: distance yourself from your work, remove
unnecessary words, remove unnecessary determiners and modifiers, use
adjectives instead of nouns, and avoid passive verbs. 

CREATE YOUR OWN DESIGN SYSTEM: CHAPTER COLORS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/create-your-own-design-system-chapter-colors-256600ed408a]

Basics of color theory, concepts like the color wheel, harmony,
properties, and its role in design systems. Steps for creating a
comprehensive color palette for design systems and Figma plugin for
creating color variations. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

TEXT PRETTIER (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/783077214649465682/Text-Prettier]

This Figma plugin makes text legible, readable, and more appealing
when displayed. It covers details that are rare in a typography tool,
pointing out improvements in correct quotes, hanging punctuation,
trailing commas, blanks, repeat space, apostrophes, and more. 

UX RESEARCH TEMPLATES (NOTION)
[https://www.notion.so/UX-Research-Templates-079c8453fb0d40039b7b7597dccb340f?pvs=4]

A fantastic hub in Notion with templates for card sorting, competitive
analysis, contextual inquiry, diary study, user journey mapping, value
proposition, and other effective methods. Completely free. All you
need is a Notion account. 

TOP {350+} NO-CODE TOOLS (WEBSITE) [https://topnocode.tools]

Putting together products that feel real is a considerable advantage
for product designers. This website lists more than 350 no-code tools
organized into 23 categories. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SQUISH MEETS STRUCTURE: DESIGNING WITH LANGUAGE MODELS (24 MINUTE
READ)
[https://maggieappleton.com/squish-structure?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Underneath the deceptively simple chatbot interfaces we‚Äôve all been
talking to is a huge mathematical model of human language. These
language models can be deceptive or plain wrong, yet still treated
like geniuses by most people. Transparency on how these models work
and increasing the predictability of their results are key to
improving the interactions with these models. 

UX-DRIVEN ROADMAPPING: ALIGNING USER NEEDS WITH PRODUCT STRATEGY (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxmatters.com/mt/archives/2023/09/ux-driven-roadmapping-aligning-user-needs-with-product-strategy.php?utm_source=tldrdesign]

It's unlikely that a company will build a user-centric product if its
roadmap isn't built with that in mind. Ongoing user research,
feedback, and design iteration must be implemented as processes that
feed your product roadmap. 

THE DESIGN EXECUTION GAP (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.betterbydesign.cc/p/the-design-execution-gap-8db?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Although design tools have been getting closer to how developers
implement user interfaces, there's still a gap between what's designed
and what's implemented. Surprisingly, it might be that developers
should be the ones working more on closing the gap. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

PROPORTIO (WEBSITE) [https://proportio.app/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Proportio is a tool for creating proportional scales for typography,
iconography, spacing, and components in design systems. 

GLOWING BLURRED BACKGROUNDS WITH CSS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://andrewwalpole.com/blog/glowing-blurred-backgrounds-with-css/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A beautiful effect of a glowing blurred background can be easily made
with CSS‚Äô clip-path: polygon() and filter: blur() functions. The
animation is highly performant because it‚Äôs done with pure CSS. 

REALLY GOOD EMAILS (WEBSITE)
[https://reallygoodemails.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A collection of effective email designs organized into many categories
and use cases. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=ef22752e-514f-11ee-8568-4724f1cdf6b2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694520099&t=1694520299&s=fb6fe9bb9bc47ec5d1b0defbaa597996d7357656f03da4f4270e871a58eb2c04].