# Articles TLDR Design 18-09-2023

Photoshop will require users to have something known as generative
credits to use Generative Fill¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=a97a9f5c-55c2-11ee-81a1-bf09d0288636&pt=campaign&t=1695038687&s=84b78d5e63a07a7bb9790d0b100e3b55adb1cd57d996f716fd143e328abdd304]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-18

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

ADOBE PLANS TO MAKE YOU PAY FOR PHOTOSHOP'S AI FEATURES, EVEN IF YOU
HAVE A SUBSCRIPTION (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://fstoppers.com/news/adobe-plans-make-pay-photoshops-ai-features-even-if-have-subscription-640713?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Photoshop's Generative Fill is an AI-powered feature that allows users
to add elements to a photograph not present in the original capture.
It‚Äôs currently free to anyone who has purchased a license for the
program, but this will change beginning November 1, when Photoshop
will require users to have something known as generative credits to
use Generative Fill. 

FORD BLUE OVAL LOGO HAS CHANGED (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.caranddriver.com/news/a45106651/ford-blue-oval-logo-simplified/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Ford's latest iteration of the F-150 arrives with a new version of the
classic Blue Oval logo adorning its grille. The logo now features
white accents in place of chrome and the inner oval border is gone,
allowing the "Ford" script to be enlarged. 

ANDROID AUTO ADDS ZOOM TO UX, SOCIETY‚ÄôS END IS NEAR (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/cars/news-blog/android-auto-adds-zoom-to-ux-societys-end-is-near-44502802?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google has updated its Android Auto suite of services. Drivers can now
join scheduled WebEx and Zoom meetings from car displays. The company
has also launched a digital car key feature, allowing users to lock
and unlock specific vehicle models from their smartphones. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ASK ADOBE DESIGN: HOW DO YOU LEAD AS A PRINCIPAL DESIGNER? (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://adobe.design/stories/our-people/ask-adobe-design-how-do-you-lead-as-a-principal-designer?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Five principal designers from Adobe Design share insights on their
roles as subject matter experts and leaders in their respective
fields. Learn about mutual respect and building trust while
collaborating with teams and guiding others forward. 

BAD UX EXPOSED: A COMPREHENSIVE GUIDE TO AVOIDING PITFALLS (26 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/bad-ux-examples?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A poor user experience is often the result of a lack of understanding
of users' needs. Embark on a journey of bad UX design and UI examples
from Apple Music, YouTube, Snapchat, eBay, and others. Each use case
outlines a UX problem and how it impacted users. 

BALANCING CLIENT NEEDS VS. YOUR PORTFOLIO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://speckyboy.com/client-vs-portfolio/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Design decisions should serve your client and their users, not your
portfolio. It's tempting to find excuses to jump on that last trend,
but is that really what adds the most value? The same goes the other
way around. Designers need to listen to clients' requests but let them
know what's most effective for that particular use case. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

DESIGN SYSTEMS HANDBOOK (BOOK)
[https://www.designbetter.co/design-systems-handbook?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Leading experts show you how to plan, design, build, and implement a
solid design system. This handbook includes video interviews with
Shopify, Google, Apple, Twitter, and LinkedIn lead designers. 

GRADIENT BUILDER (WEBSITE)
[https://gradient.style/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Based on CSS gradients, this tool features interactive controls to
switch between color spaces and manipulate control angle and opacity
levels. It also includes presets. 

HAND CURATED COLOR PALETTES (WEBSITE)
[https://culrs.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A resource especially helpful for defining color intervals in design
systems. Organized into hues, this site contains a collection of over
500 gorgeous color palettes. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

SHADER GRADIENT (WEBSITE)
[https://www.shadergradient.co/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Shader Gradient is a new tool for creating beautiful, moving
gradients. Available on Figma, Framer, and as a React component. 

PORTFOLIO MAGIC BY CONTRA (WEBSITE)
[https://www.producthunt.com/posts/portfolio-magic-by-contra?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Creating and launching a portfolio doesn't have to take months.
Contra's AI Portfolios is a tool for generating portfolios much
faster, and it's part of an ecosystem that helps creatives get clients
and manage contracts. 

ABSURD ILLUSTRATIONS THAT MAKE SENSE (WEBSITE)
[https://absurd.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Why provide users with obvious and dull illustrations when you can
make their imaginations go wild? These hand-drawn illustrations
combine absurdity and a deep sense of childishness and naivety. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BRUTAL FEEDBACK (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://hvpandya.com/brutal-feedback?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Sometimes, feedback needs to be brutal to be truly absorbed. Intense
words can make you listen and pay attention to what must change.
Although uncomfortable, honest and transparent feedback saves time and
helps bring people on the same page faster. 

ADDED FONTS: THE CONFUSING NEW CHANGE IN ADOBE FONTS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://creativepro.com/added-fonts-the-confusing-new-change-in-adobe-fonts/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Back in July, and without fanfare, Adobe implemented a significant
change in how the Creative Cloud Adobe Fonts service works. A new
category of fonts called ‚ÄúAdded Fonts‚Äù appeared in the Creative
Cloud desktop app and Adobe Fonts website. Added Fonts are only
available for use in Adobe apps, to use them elsewhere they need to be
‚Äúinstalled‚Äù which can only be done online. 

DESIGNING A TIME ZONE SELECTION UX (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://smart-interface-design-patterns.com/articles/time-zone-selection-ux/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Time zone selectors are tricky to design. They involve many time zones
and mysterious abbreviations ‚Äî UTC, GMT, DST, CET ‚Äî that are not
intuitive. Designers must consider all time zones, help users think in
their local time, show current times in locations, and detect users'
time. This article includes a complete list of time zones, a UX
checklist, and valuable resources. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=a97a9f5c-55c2-11ee-81a1-bf09d0288636&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695038485&t=1695038687&s=dae0911657ee736be710db8e5011564fbe523bd1d725707c55bdcd49e36d02bb].