# Articles TLDR Design 21-09-2023

On September 7, Windows introduced one-click background removal, which
detects subjects and cuts them smoothly out of the canvas¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bb47e040-5825-11ee-af00-dd1c6417c9c9&pt=campaign&t=1695297892&s=258c91b24db87619d8023fb82d504c23f16d7301d2d347206056b570eb174364]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-21

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

MOVE OVER PHOTOSHOP! MICROSOFT PAINT NOW HAS LAYERS AND TRANSPARENCY
(1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/news/microsoft-paint-update-digital-190923?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This is the latest in a string of Paint renovations. On September 7,
Windows introduced one-click background removal, which detects
subjects and cuts them smoothly out of the canvas. The most recent
update supports transparency too. You can open PNGs, use the
background removal tool to create a transparent backdrop, and even use
the eraser tool to reveal content in layers underneath. 

BARD CAN NOW CONNECT TO YOUR GOOGLE APPS AND SERVICES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/products/bard/google-bard-new-features-update-sept-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Bard can now find and show relevant information from the Google tools
we use every day ‚Äî Gmail, Docs, Drive, Maps, YouTube, Flights, and
Hotels ‚Äî even when the information needed is across multiple apps
and services. Integration with other Google apps will make using Bard
a more seamless experience, always at users‚Äô fingertips, ready to
help. 

SUBSTACK‚ÄôS REDESIGN MAKES IT FEEL LIKE A MORE TRADITIONAL SOCIAL
MEDIA APP (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/20/23881455/substack-app-redesign-home-tab-posts-notes?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A new "Home" tab will improve content discoverability, helping users
by providing entry to an exciting universe of stories, ideas, and
people on Substack. The platform will also feature a swipeable queue
of cards with posts from the user's subscriptions. The overall look
and feel of Substack has also been changed, making it more similar to
a social network app. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO BUILD INTENTIONAL UX IN AN ERA OF PERSUASIVE TECHNOLOGY (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/how-to-build-intentional-ux-in-an-era-of-persuasive-technology-aac1b78f377f?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Where does persuasive UX end and manipulative UX begin? How do we
achieve long-term user engagement without it being exploitative?
Adding the pre-action step to the Hook model could enable critical
thinking by informing and preparing users before they take an intended
action. 

THE MISSING LINK IN APPLE‚ÄôS EVENT (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-missing-link-10793359ef93?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Features without context or direct application to the problems they
solve are useless. Though the features introduced at Apple‚Äôs latest
event were accompanied by demonstrations, such as through promotional
videos on Apple‚Äôs website and snazzy snippets during the release
conference, their direct application to the problems we face in our
daily lives is missing. Building systems that ‚Äújust work‚Äù is good
for sales and for a narrow set of universally shared, preexisting,
shallow problem domains, but it won‚Äôt make us better problem
solvers. 

MIDJOURNEY FOR UI DESIGN: PROMPTS, TIPS, AND ETHICS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/ux-design/midjourney-ui-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Midjourney is a game-changer for inspiration, allowing designers to
explore an entirely new creative landscape. It's essential to
understand the tool to make it behave more predictably. This article
dives into prompt design, important parameters, how image generations
fit into the design process, and how to iterate on the results. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

SHADERGRADIENT GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://www.shadergradient.co/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A new tool to create beautiful, moving gradients with customizable
shapes, colors, speed, and more. There is a web version, and plugins
are available for Framer and Figma. 

ICONBUNDLER (WEBSITE) [https://iconbundler.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Upload zipped SVG icons and get optimized and ready-to-use framework
components. Iconbundler can convert SVG into React, Vue, or Svelte
components. It also comes with a Figma plugin. 

TRACK YOUR COMPONENTS (WEBSITE)
[https://luroapp.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Luro allows you to connect and sync components from Figma and
Storybook. After syncing, you add the pages related to those
components and track their adoption and usage stats. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE ‚ÄòDATA-DRIVEN‚Äô MINDSET FEEDS OUR DANGEROUS CRAVING FOR
CERTAINTY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-data-driven-mindset-feeds-our-dangerous-craving-for-certainty-6b5141877224?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Data-driven decision-making gets people into trouble for two reasons.
The first is that we tend to put data on a pedestal, but then fail to
think critically about how the data was generated and jump to
conclusions. The second is that we‚Äôre asking the wrong questions. A
decision-driven mindset should be adopted instead to lead with
questions not answers, opportunities not solutions, challenges not
consensus, dialog not arguments, and ‚ÄúI don‚Äôt know‚Äù instead of
‚ÄúI know.‚Äù 

THE 20 MOST CONTROVERSIAL LOGOS OF ALL TIME (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/controversial-logos/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Hidden political messages. A logo that is loading forever. Body parts
that should be hidden. Poor branding can be damaging... and funny. 

THE MORNING ROUTINE OF THE OPTIMIZED CREATIVE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://wepresent.wetransfer.com/stories/ben-ditto-cloudburst-optimized-creative?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Sleep tracking is just the beginning. Check out this peculiar view of
the near future, which shows how technology might empower the
creatives of tomorrow. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHY DESIGNERS QUIT (WEBSITE)
[https://matejlatin.com/why-designers-quit/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Survey for the 2023 ‚ÄúWhy designers quit‚Äù report. Designer mass
layoffs, AI disruption of the UX industry, high inflation worldwide‚Ä¶
how did these factors impact designers and their careers? 

THE CRAFT OF THE WEB (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://gomakethings.com/the-craft-of-the-web/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Craftsmanship seems to be forgotten in the age of templates and
frameworks. Good craftspeople understand the medium they work with and
how people use the thing that was built. This is a prerequisite for
creating things that are functional and resilient. 

THE POWER OF BRAND ARCHETYPES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.14islands.com/journal/the-power-of-brand-archetypes?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Branding is not only about its visual representation. Defining a
brand's identity is critical to giving it a soul, engaging its
audience, and multiplying its message. The principles of brand
archetype provide an effective way for achieving that and more. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bb47e040-5825-11ee-af00-dd1c6417c9c9&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695297670&t=1695297892&s=a8b344f452c02897e724b59d9467ded1934a5d1e4554c05cb8f57a46b05ad763].