# Articles TLDR Design 19-09-2023

CROP helps formerly incarcerated individuals reintegrate into society
and the workforce¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b47afebc-569c-11ee-834a-2d2c22b4b7ee&pt=campaign&t=1695125092&s=bbb81e6b6b445fbb741d4d6bd73ae95095e231246acbc8189f661bfcb0108f31]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-19

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

MEET THE NONPROFIT TRAINING FORMERLY INCARCERATED PEOPLE FOR CAREERS
IN UX DESIGN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/crop-ready-four-life-program-ux-design/?utm_source=tldrdesig]

The nonprofit Creating Restorative Opportunities and Programs (CROP)
helps formerly incarcerated individuals reintegrate into society and
the workforce through a year-long Ready 4 Life program. The program
focuses on personal development, career training, employment services,
and stable housing while equipping participants with UX design skills.


TYPOGRAPHY TRENDS IN WEB DESIGN 2023 (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/typography-trends-in-web-design-2023-98516f82f5d6?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The web typography world enjoyed an explosion of creativity in 2023.
Richer typefaces, 3D styles, bold fonts, and various other interesting
typography trends have taken over the world of web design. So far,
there have been a lot of bold fonts, brutalism, highlighted text, #d
typography, animated typography, and monospaced fonts. 

APPLE RELEASES IPADOS 17 WITH INTERACTIVE WIDGET SUPPORT AND A
REDESIGNED LOCK SCREEN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/18/apple-releases-ipados-17-with-interactive-widget-support-and-a-redesigned-lock-screen/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The iPadOS 17 update brings a redesigned lock screen for customizing
wallpapers, fonts, and widgets. It also includes support for live
activities to track things like Uber Eats orders, sports matches, and
timers. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

MUST-READS FOR THE GENUINE UX DESIGNER (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/must-reads-for-the-genuine-ux-designer-1e3c4ec5bbb8?utm_source=tldrdesign]

7 Books for Establishing a Solid Foundation + Some Handy Figma Plugins
for Practical Application. These books cover essential design
principles, typography, business aspects of design, universal design
principles, grid-based design, and the intersection of artificial
intelligence and UX. 

DESIGNERS, WE HAVE A ‚ÄúFIGMAISM‚Äù PROBLEM (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.prototypr.io/designers-we-have-a-problem-its-called-figmaism-32f22dd76c47?utm_source=tldrdesign]

90% of UX design content on LinkedIn/Twitter focuses on visuals,
Figma, and design systems - the hard skills are just a fraction of
what companies evaluate designers at. Hard skills account for less
than 25% of the total designer evaluation formula at Twitter (the rest
are: getting things done, creating strong relationships, and improving
the team). Hard skills were just one of 4‚Äì10 competencies at other
companies. 

THE FUTILITY OF LABELING DESIGN ROLES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/the-futility-of-labeling-design-roles-35f0ce1443c5?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Unlike lawyers, doctors, or engineers, designers can practically slap
any label on and roll with it. Ultimately, it‚Äôs not about the
titles, it‚Äôs about the process and the craft. Designers should ditch
the title obsession and embrace the versatility that comes with their
role. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

V0.DEV (WEBSITE) [https://v0.dev/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

v0 is a generative user interface system powered by AI. It generates
copy-and-paste friendly React code based on Shadcn UI and Tailwind
CSS. 

BEST CUSTOMER JOURNEY MAPPING TOOLS FOR INTUITIVE VISUALIZATIONS (17
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.userinterviews.com/blog/tools-for-customer-journey-mapping?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Whether it's a simple empathy map or a highly detailed visual
narrative showing how multiple personas experience a particular flow,
this article has you covered. This article analyzes the top 32
customer journey mapping tools with pros, cons, and pricing. 

TYPE SAFE CSS DESIGN SYSTEMS WITH @PROPERTY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://nerdy.dev/cant-break-this-design-system?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Typed CSS variables with @property can make design systems smarter and
more stable. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

AN ANALYSIS OF 5 MONOSPACED FONTS WITH CODING LIGATURES (9 MINUTE
READ)
[https://betterwebtype.com/5-monospaced-fonts-with-coding-ligatures/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

An in-depth analysis and comparison of 5 monospaced fonts, their
legibility, coding ligatures, and what they look like in action. The
fonts examined are Fira Code, Commit Mono, Cascadia, Victor Mono, SF
Mono, and Recursive. 

THE STEVE JOBS ARCHIVE IS HELPING NINE PEOPLE FOLLOW IN THE MAN‚ÄôS
FOOTSTEPS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/18/23878397/steve-jobs-archive-fellowship-apple-financial-assistance-program?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Steve Jobs Archive has introduced a part-time fellowship program
to help a new generation of creative and technologically gifted people
achieve their creative potential. Nine young creators will receive
guidance, resources, and financial support over the coming year. The
group comprises musicians, engineers, storytellers, and more. 

INSTACART ANNOUNCES SERIES OF AI-POWERED UPGRADES TO STORE PLATFORM,
CARTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/instacart-with-ipo-imminent-announces-chatgpt-powered-ecommerce-search/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Instacart Storefront platform will feature a conversational search
feature powered by OpenAI's ChatGPT, allowing customers to ask
open-ended questions. Caper Carts, the company's AI-powered smart
carts, will enable customers to order made-to-order items like deli
sandwiches or custom cakes directly from their Caper Cart and get
notifications when their order is ready. The speed and precision of
camera and weight sensors are about to be improved with new AI models.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GRID ITEM HOVER EFFECT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://tympanus.net/codrops/2023/09/13/grid-item-hover-effect/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A repository with beautiful CSS hover effects that blur the background
of grid tiles. 

HELL FREEZES OVER, MS PAINT ADDS SUPPORT FOR LAYERS AND PNG
TRANSPARENCY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2023/09/hell-freezes-over-ms-paint-adds-support-for-layers-and-png-transparency/]

It's only a few decades late, but now it's possible to create, edit,
and save transparent PNG images in MS Paint. The tool will also adopt
layers, including a potentially new file format. The revamped Paint is
available to Windows Insider testers in both the Dev and Canary
channels, the two bleeding-edge and less-stable versions of Windows
11. 

HOW I WORK: CATHIE URUSHIBATA, CREATIVE DIRECTOR OF SHAKE SHACK (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thecreativefactor.co/articles/cathie-urushibata-how-i-work?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Providing feedback to creative teams takes practice. Feedback should
be given when it makes the most sense. It's crucial to explain why the
work is not hitting the bar. The format needs to be considered since
it influences the message. Remember to consider that feedback is a
conversation. Feedback is also about listening so both parties can
benefit. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=b47afebc-569c-11ee-834a-2d2c22b4b7ee&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695124880&t=1695125092&s=8271dbeb7518f36e49c2e6a6e22dad348e8ce6b21425b2a851626dc358cb3b6e].