# Articles TLDR Design 13-10-2023

Project Fast Fill is, at its core, the generative fill Adobe
introduced in Photoshop, but for video.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=c75bac76-698d-11ee-a8dc-7541c0a08f37&pt=campaign&t=1697198901&s=49bff4e6502327aeca0fa3664f8d06f1efc728cc5c8cae10f01478e208763412]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-13

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 ADOBE‚ÄôS PROJECT FAST FILL IS GENERATIVE FILL FOR VIDEO (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/11/adobes-project-fast-fill-is-generative-fill-for-video/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Project Fast Fill is, at its core, the generative fill Adobe
introduced in Photoshop, but for video. It lets editors remove objects
from a video or change backgrounds as if they were working with a
still image, all with simple text prompts. Users only have to activate
it once and the edit will then propagate to the rest of the scene.
Adobe says it even works in very complex scenes with changing lighting
conditions. 

 MOVE OVER BING IMAGE CREATOR! GOOGLE ANNOUNCES NEW AI IMAGE
GENERATION TOOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/google-sge-ai-image-generation?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Google's SGE, the tech giant's AI-powered search experiment, can now
produce AI-generated images. Users can describe a composition they
want and SGE will show them four varieties to pick from based on
Google's Imagen text-to-image diffusion models. Afterward, users can
tweak the image description to get what they want. Embedded
watermarking and metadata will mark SGE images as AI-generated. 

 INTRODUCING SPACE OS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://deta.space/blog/space-os?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Space OS is a new web operating system that intends to host what its
founders call the "personal cloud computer." The platform relies on an
infinite canvas-like operating system where users can draw anything,
including a text box, an embedded link, an installed app, and a webcam
stream. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 UX VOCABULARY INFLATION (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://jakobnielsenphd.substack.com/p/ux-vocabulary-inflation?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The user experience discipline suffers from constant reinvention of
the terminology used to describe concepts, leading to confusion,
miscommunication, and rework. Unstable terminology imposes a huge cost
overhead on work. Most fundamentally, not knowing what something is
called or what a newly inflated word means introduces confusion and
causes people to talk at cross purposes. 

 DESIGNING FOR OLDER ADULTS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/sixtytwo-tales/designing-for-older-adults-c1a2c54c1b30?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Older adults often approach new technologies with skepticism. An
example of this is how some emphasize the perceived lack of necessity
or relevance over cost when choosing basic cell phones instead of
smartphones. When running user testing sessions with older adults,
make sure that they use the prototype on the device that it‚Äôs
prototyped for and make the sessions shorter and simpler. When
designing for older adults, designers should design for familiarity
instead of novelty. 

 9 DESIGN INTERACTIONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SOCIAL MEDIA MENTAL HEALTH
CRISIS (36 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/9-design-interactions-responsible-for-the-social-media-mental-health-crisis?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The vast majority of scientific research on the correlation between
social media and mental illness points to a specific design component
ironically named ‚Äòthe feed‚Äô. The feed is where all the seemingly
cool people hang out to spread the latest gossip. It‚Äôs all a status
game. Other interactions and patterns responsible for mental health
crises are profile cards, messages and comments, upvoting and
downvoting, pagination, reactions, notifications, AI-filtered cards,
and algorithmic cards. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 CSS BOX SHADOWS GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://boxshadows.xyz/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Create, edit, and generate multiple custom CSS box shadows with ease.


 BRAINSTORM WITH A VIRTUAL COACH (WEBSITE)
[https://www.brainstory.ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 BrainStory is an AI-powered tool that listens to your ideas and asks
you follow-up questions in context. Depending on your input, the
platform outlines where to go from the initial plan. BrainStory also
enables collaboration, allowing you to invite friends and team members
to review and respond to your wildest thoughts. Ten free brainstorming
sessions are available. 

 EASING FUNCTIONS CHEAT SHEET (WEBSITE)
[https://easings.net/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 How things move in the real world provides a practical inspiration
for creating animation that feels more real. Getting the proper easing
function is a critical aspect of that goal. This page lists several
easing functions and provides the CSS and math functions behind each. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 THE SECRET FORMULA FOR APPLE'S ROUNDED CORNERS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://arun.is/blog/apple-rounded-corners/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Apple‚Äôs products are not circular, but instead ‚Äúsquircles‚Äù.
Squircles are complex curves that remove the discontinuity between the
straight and curved sections of a surface. Apple‚Äôs line of products
and their roundness scores: desktop-style devices at 0%, displays are
between 2% and 3%, MacBooks are between 7% and 10%, iPads are between
12% and 18%, and iPhones are around 33%. 

 A CHECKOUT DESIGNED FOR IMPULSE PURCHASES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://builtformars.com/case-studies/hellofresh?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 HelloFresh is the most popular meal kit service in the United States,
yet 90% of its users cancel their subscriptions in their first year.
HelloFresh tricks its users into signing up for a subscription by
snowballing their compliance and using the framing method to make them
believe that they‚Äôre getting a better deal than buying groceries
themselves. 

 THOUGHTS ON AI AND THE CREATIVE PROCESS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.nocturnalmonkey.com/thoughts-on-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 AI image generation removes the play and experimentation of the
creation process. Although a craft might be involved in finding the
right prompt, that pales in comparison to the human thought at work in
creating visual compositions. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 AN ANCHORED NAVBAR SOLUTION (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2023/10/05/an-anchored-navbar-solution/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Anchor positioning, which allows a positioned element to size and
position itself relative to one or more "anchor elements" elsewhere on
the page, allows the creation of interesting navigation patterns. 

 USER EXPERIENCE IS THE KEY TO DISRUPTING ANY INDUSTRY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90965464/user-experience-is-the-key-to-disrupting-any-industry?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Industries that haven‚Äôt seen a massive technological disruption
present a huge opportunity for innovators equipped with the right
tools. Imagining how advanced technology could solve some of the more
straightforward problems of conventional products is a great way to
start something revolutionary. Comparing the current and desired user
experience provides the framework for designing truly disruptive
products and services. 

 IS ADOBE BECOMING THE FRENEMY OF CREATIVES? (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/is-adobe-in-2023-the-friend-or-enemy-of-creatives/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Adobe's mantra has been, "We're making the boring bits of your work
easier so you can concentrate on being creative." However, some of the
features announced in this year's Adobe Max conference suggest that
the company might soon switch from helping creatives to replacing
them. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=c75bac76-698d-11ee-a8dc-7541c0a08f37&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697198429&t=1697198901&s=38cf9f9581fe7bda3c72198b415edbc78cefeea33e48d0b77e139795338389ef].