# Articles TLDR Design 28-09-2023

Apples former chief design officer Jony Ive and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
are allegedly considering a partnership¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=6cef920a-5dd2-11ee-b27c-0bce016aedcd&pt=campaign&t=1695902681&s=b0e82acf481bbd370c49fd988c24bc159d10a3a3f95f1d4bbbfab2924811a6f7]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-28

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

JONY IVE IS REPORTEDLY DEVELOPING AN AI GADGET WITH OPENAI‚ÄôS SAM
ALTMAN (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/27/23892135/jony-ive-sam-altman-ai-device-openai-ceo-apple-designer?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Apple's former chief design officer Jony Ive and OpenAI CEO Sam Altman
are allegedly considering a partnership to build a hardware device
powered by AI. It's unclear what kind of device it will be or if
OpenAI or a third-party manufacturer will create it. 

FUTURISTIC EXCELLENCE: RED DOT AWARDS 'BEST OF BEST' TO DESIGN
CONCEPTS THAT TRANSFORM HUMANITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/09/27/futuristic-excellence-red-dot-awards-best-of-best-to-design-concepts-that-transform-humanity/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Red Dot Award for Design Concepts celebrates the power of
conceptualization, showcasing designs that embody creativity,
collaboration, and impeccable execution. This year's edition features
a clock that displays the time using Styrofoam grains resembling snow,
an intelligent rotary stove, a design toolkit for saving the Earth
designed for kids, and many other exciting projects. 

GOOGLE TURNS 25 AND SHARES 25 FUN FACTS ABOUT ITS OFFICES AND DATA
CENTERS (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.google/inside-google/life-at-google/google-offices-fun-facts/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google is celebrating its 25th anniversary with the most fun and
exciting facts about its offices and data centers across over 200
cities worldwide. The list includes Google's desert office, the
company's sticky-note art gallery, and its first office on the moon
(!). 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

DESIGN SYSTEMS: AVOIDING COMMON PITFALLS (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.viget.com/articles/design-systems-avoiding-common-pitfalls/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Problems like reduced creativity and exploration can be solved by
starting designs in lower fidelity. Rigid ruling can be solved by
shifting the nature of the design system from ‚Äúrule-based‚Äù to
‚Äúprinciple-based.‚Äù A lack of context on when a component should be
used and how can be solved by starting with basics and getting those
right first. 

HOW TO MAKE THE CASE FOR DESIGN SYSTEMS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.betterbydesign.cc/p/how-to-make-the-case-for-design-systems?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The benefits designers get from a design system include a flexible
tool that facilitates their focus on solving user problems, a useful
set of constraints when starting new, nebulous work, freedom from
designing the same things over and over again, and a higher likelihood
of consistent execution of their designs. Engineers get a UI that's
DRY, waste less time on specific one-off UI bugs, and spend more time
building meaningful features and quality UI with less effort. 

HOW TO CHOOSE FONTS FOR RESPONSIVE WEB INTERFACES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/thinking-design/how-to-choose-fonts-for-responsive-web-interfaces-2269cd6d1083?utm_source=tldrdesign]

When choosing a font for responsive web interfaces, consider the
platform needs, the languages that need to be supported, how the
design system might grow, and how its needs might change. When it
comes to font personality, evaluate font legibility and readability,
how they look when set at a small size, the fonts‚Äô numbers, and lean
towards functionality instead of expression. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

TRENDY COLOR PALETTES AND GRADIENTS (WEBSITE)
[https://spectrum.art/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Effective color choices always consider what needs to be communicated
and reinforced. Spectrum Art brings the latest color trends and
briefly explains what they help achieve. It shows a full-page
composition using the color palette for each color detail page. 

ANIMATED ICON COLLECTION (WEBSITE)
[https://lordicon.com/icons?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This fantastic collection includes 1,490 free animated icons. Lordicon
offers several customization options depending on the icon family and
allows users to download them in multiple formats like GIF, Lottie,
and MP4. 

COLLABORATIVE DESIGN TOOL FOR ARCHITECTS AND DESIGNERS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.rayon.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Rayon is a browser-based collaborative design tool for the
architecture, engineering, and construction industries. The
Paris-based startup wants to improve the design process by making it
more collaborative and accessible to teams and stakeholders. The
platform can also be used as a central object library repository
compatible with the most popular image formats, PDF, and CAD documents
(DWG, DXF). 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

FIVE TAKEAWAYS FROM MY MICROSOFT DESIGN INTERNSHIP (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/5-takeaways-from-my-internship-4edf88e35368?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Every task must have a purpose, and more importantly, an understanding
of how it will evolve. The only thing stopping you from doing a better
job is yourself. Don‚Äôt ask for permission but be proactive and ask
for forgiveness if things go wrong. Encourage stakeholder's expertise
and involvement and let them drive the initiative. 

PRINT‚ÄôS NOT DEAD: THE BEST MAGAZINES FOR GRAPHIC DESIGN INSPIRATION
(6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/resources/prints-not-dead-the-best-magazines-for-graphic-design-inspiration/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The tactile experience of flipping through a beautifully designed
magazine remains unmatched. For graphic designers especially, print
magazines offer a source of inspiration that's tangible and immersive
and presents content in a completely different visual way to digital.
This article features the best magazines for graphic design
inspiration, including Eye Magazine, Communication Arts, Idea,
Creative Review, Slanted, Typeone, and Wallpaper. 

HOW LINEAR BUILDS PRODUCT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/how-linear-builds-product?utm_source=tldrdesign]

It's rare to hear about successful product teams that don't have a
product manager, ditch metrics, are fully remote, and don't run A/B
tests. Linear's unique story helps shine some light on alternative
formats and workflows for creating a superb product without following
the usual script. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A GAME OF SHAPES AND STRATEGY (WEBSITE)
[https://brilliant.org/challenges/halfsies/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Halfsies, a new game from Brilliant, will test your cutting skills.
Let's see if that designer's eye of yours is as powerful as you claim!


INTERFACE QUALITY OF LIFE IMPROVEMENTS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://anthonyhobday.com/blog/20230925.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Small user interface adjustments can significantly improve user
experiences. This simple but effective list teaches or reminds you
about these low-hanging fruits. 

THE 10 HEURISTICS OF CONTENT DESIGN: UNLEASHING ITS POWER (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/the-10-heuristics-of-content-design-unleashing-its-power-367a5da78e2a?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Jakob Nielsen's 10 usability heuristics for user interface design are
well-known in the design community. However, there's no equivalent in
content design. Jas Deogan wants to change that by proposing 10
heuristics to guide how designers deal with content. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=6cef920a-5dd2-11ee-b27c-0bce016aedcd&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695902439&t=1695902681&s=6f0ca881b6085da4bd0d37de3543fedee8fb4b7f9e8412aa24489ab11a5fc15f].