# Articles TLDR Design 17-10-2023

Sony has developed the Access Controller in close collaboration with
the accessibility community¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=f1464eb6-6cca-11ee-80e3-d3ac5d62fa56&pt=campaign&t=1697544270&s=e782abc5ae2b4fc08652450eac33ccd87064f62cc876e8a3a0b1a94c0a024e44]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-17

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 THE PLAYSTATION ACCESS CONTROLLER IS SETTING UP AN ACCESSIBILITY
REVOLUTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.gamespot.com/articles/the-playstation-access-controller-is-setting-up-an-accessibility-revolution/1100-6518347/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 In close collaboration with the accessibility community, Sony has
developed the Access Controller, a versatile controller kit that can
be tailored to meet players' diverse needs. Players can swap out
components as necessary to make the Access controller match their
needs. The Access Controller is the result of five years of
development and six iterations. 

 BYTEDANCE‚ÄôS VIDEO EDITOR CAPCUT TARGETS BUSINESSES WITH AI AD
SCRIPTS AND AI-GENERATED PRESENTERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/10/16/bytedances-video-editor-capcut-targets-businesses-with-ai-ad-scripts-and-ai-generated-presenters/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 CapCut for Business is a new suite of tools aimed at TikTok and other
short-form video platforms to help marketers, brands, small
businesses, and creators generate ads and branded content. The new
service includes a script generator powered by AI that allows
advertisers to come up with script ideas based on their product
descriptions, thousands of commercially licensed business templates,
and a smart tool for making videos from URLs of landing pages. 

 TAVO IS REVOLUTIONIZING THE WAY WE TRAVEL WITH OUR PETS (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://design-milk.com/tavo-is-revolutionizing-the-way-we-travel-with-our-pets/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Tavo, known for its top-quality baby gear, has introduced the Maeve
Pet Protection System, designed to provide pets with the same level of
safety and comfort as children during travel. This 3-in-1 system
includes a carrier, vehicle base, and optional stroller frame, all
built with rigorous safety standards, ensuring peace of mind for pet
owners on the go. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 THE FUTURE OF PLG IS DESIGN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.proofofconcept.pub/p/the-future-of-plg-is-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Product-led growth (PLG) is about placing the product at the center
of a company's growth strategy. Although PLG has Acquisition,
Expansion, Conversion, and Retention as core pillars, the ultimate
goal should be to cover the entire end-to-end customer experience.
Approaching it from a design perspective helps remove cross-functional
silos and reduces friction from customer experiences. 

 DOUBLE DIAMOND IS NOT HOW MOST COMPANIES WORK (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://smart-interface-design-patterns.com/articles/double-diamond-process/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 In an era when most companies rush to launch something quickly,
Double Diamond is viewed as, at best, unnecessary friction, and at
worst, an absolute waste of time. An alternative might be adopting the
Triple Diamond, which adds a third dimension to the process focused on
hypotheses and testing with tree testing, Kano model surveys,
low-fidelity prototypes, and interviews with users and stakeholders. 

 THE DESIGNER‚ÄôS DILEMMA (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/design-ibm/the-designers-dilemma-296ca756cb8e?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Paul Rand, a renowned art director and graphic designer, once noted
the issue of designers focusing too much on surface aesthetics rather
than solving real problems. Enterprise Design Thinking encourages
designers to prioritize user needs, diverse perspectives, and a
willingness to make mistakes early in the process, fostering
innovation and better results. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 CONVERT HIGH-FIDELITY LAYOUTS INTO SKELETON SCREENS (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1017135840453013129/ghost?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Ghost is a Figma plugin that generates a skeleton layout based on
your designs, removing properties like auto-layout, effects, strokes,
and fills and replacing them with equivalent shapes. 

 HOW MUCH SHOULD I CHARGE? (WEBSITE)
[https://thenuschool.com/how-much/#/start?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Answer five questions and know how much to charge to make a project
profitable. 

 FOOTER.DESIGN (WEBSITE)
[https://www.footer.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 A gallery of website footers that can be filtered by styles, for
example, typography, dark, grid, flat, cards, and illustrative. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 RISK TOLERANCE: WHY SOME COUNTRIES PREFER MORE COMPLEX UIS (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/risk-tolerance-why-some-countries-prefer-more-complex-uis-25dae4402df4?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Uncertainty Avoidance (UA) is an ancient habit that can be described
as the extent to which people feel threatened by ambiguous or unknown
situations. Clear patterns arise when combining various aspects of UI
design. Members of high-UA countries find the quality of information
content, information design, navigation design, and visual design more
important when making online decisions than low-UA people. 

 2023 DESIGN COLLABORATION REPORT (WEBSITE)
[https://readymag.com/readymag/design-collaboration-report/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 43% of designers prefer to work from home but only 23% believe
long-distance creationship is effective. 68% of designers turn to
self-reflection to improve collaboration skills. 50% of designers
would prefer to have less than 3 meetings a week. 

 THE POWER OF FAMILIARITY IN BRANDING: A GUIDE TO BUILDING TRUST AND
RECOGNITION (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@vadimcarazan_11752/the-power-of-familiarity-in-branding-a-guide-to-building-trust-and-recognition-bd024fe57fe4?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Brand familiarity is how comfortable and trusted people feel when
interacting with your brand. The more familiar your brand is, the more
likely people will choose it over an unknown competitor. Brand
familiarity can be enhanced by designing consistent experiences and
drip-feeding innovation in a way that doesn't add too much disruption.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 IIISOMETRIC: 3D-LIKE ISOMETRIC BUILDER (WEBSITE)
[https://fffuel.co/iiisometric/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Create isometric illustrations with 3D blocks of color and export
them to SVG. 

 HOW TO CHOOSE BETWEEN DESIGN OPTIONS (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://anthonyhobday.com/blog/20231001.html?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 10 questions to help decide which design option to proceed with. 

 A SIMPLE GUIDE TO 15-MINUTE CITIES (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.dezeen.com/2023/10/16/15-minute-city-guide/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The 15-minute city is a concept in urban planning for creating
communities where people can travel on foot or bicycle to key
amenities within no more than 15 minutes. The idea is fascinating, but
it has also inspired a conspiracy theory that 15-minute cities are
part of a broader effort to limit people's mobility. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=f1464eb6-6cca-11ee-80e3-d3ac5d62fa56&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697544095&t=1697544270&s=2164f2824c4674676c060105ddafe619fc9f132f6c06be1a3e0ab055c59af2da].