# Articles TLDR Design 15-09-2023

Johnson & Johnson‚Äôs new logo no longer relies on cursive script and
includes a different shade of red¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fc59f37c-5396-11ee-9072-55f6bd675876&pt=campaign&t=1694779536&s=7baf8fde0f1d6e58fefb4eac614be48e8c1e9b78deecdec5c7a29315b563f48b]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-15

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

JOHNSON & JOHNSON‚ÄôS NEW LOGO DITCHES ITS 130-YEAR-OLD CURSIVE SCRIPT
(2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90953315/johnson-johnson-new-logo-ditches-cursive-script?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Johnson & Johnson‚Äôs new logo no longer relies on cursive script and
includes a different shade of red. According to Vanessa Broadhurst,
company executive vice president, the move reinforces the company‚Äôs
shift into a ‚Äúpure play health care company.‚Äù 

AMAZON UPDATES VISUAL SEARCH, AR SEARCH, AND MORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/14/amazon-updates-visual-search-ar-search-and-more-in-challenge-to-google/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Amazon has improved its search experience. The new features include
searching with a combination of images and text, visualizing products
in their own space, and discovering popular products with sales trend
information. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS EMOJI MASHUP MAKER IS NOW AVAILABLE IN SEARCH (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/13/23872618/google-emoji-kitchen-search-web-availability?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google has launched its Emoji Kitchen feature on the web, which
enables users to create their emoji combinations directly in Google
Search. The emoji maker also works on mobile browsers and the Google
app. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ULTIMATE GUIDE TO THE PRINCIPLE OF LEAST ASTONISHMENT (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://pointjupiter.com/ultimate-guide-principle-of-least-astonishment-pola/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A product that frequently astonishes its users ‚Äî in the wrong way
‚Äî can be frustrating and hard to navigate. The underlying idea of
the principle of least astonishment (POLA), deeply rooted in cognitive
science, establishes that our brains rely on mental models to predict
how something should behave based on experience. Designers should
prioritize core actions, use familiar patterns, strive for
multi-platform consistency, and prioritize clarity over style to
incorporate POLA in their work. 

FACILITATING INCLUSIVE ONLINE WORKSHOPS (18 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/facilitating-inclusive-online-workshops-part1/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Running a workshop can be an effective alternative to traditional,
long-standing meetings. However, if workshops aren‚Äôt designed with
inclusivity in mind, participants may feel apprehensive about
contributing, fearing criticism from others. To run an inclusive
online workshop, the facilitators need to understand the participants,
recognize their goals, and plan an engaging experience to achieve
these goals. 

HOW TO FIND YOUR BRAND VOICE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://brandingstrategyinsider.com/how-to-find-your-brand-voice/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A brand voice is the combination of words, sounds, images, lighting,
taste, and touch a company uses to attract its brand community. Brand
expression through multiple senses is a powerful approach for making
brands closer and more differentiated to their audiences. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

FREE IPHONE 15 PRO MOCKUPS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.bunchof.design/mockups/browse?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Update your design presentations with these free high-quality iPhone
15 Pro mockups. The download includes PSD and Figma formats, with a
front-facing and two additional perspective views. 

EXPLORE WELL-DESIGNED LOGOS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.logggos.club/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Search beautifully designed logos by type, style, color, and even
specific letters. 

THE ULTIMATE CALL TO ACTION EXAMPLES LIBRARY (WEBSITE)
[https://ctaexamples.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Designing effective calls to action is one of the lowest-hanging
fruits in conversion optimization. However, it can be challenging to
create them. This website features more than 100 calls to action,
organized by use case. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

EXAMINING UX PROFESSIONALS' ATTITUDES TOWARDS AI (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/part-2-examining-ux-professionals?utm_source=tldrdesign]

UX professionals are cautiously optimistic about integrating AI into
their workflow. Risks are a concern, and they expect appropriate
regulation to mitigate them. There still needs to be more clarity on
ideal use cases, which makes designers expect their organization to
invest in education on the subject. 

BE A DESIGN A11Y: AN INTRODUCTION TO ACCESSIBILITY (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.blind3y3design.com/writing/design-a11y/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

1 in 4 adults in the US lives with some disability. Accessibility is
also increasingly becoming a legal issue, with many countries
demanding by law that products cover a wide range of users. The four
pillars of accessibility: perceivable, operable, understandable, and
robust, provide an excellent starting point for enabling designers to
produce more inclusive artifacts. 

STOP LAZY LOADING PRODUCT AND HERO IMAGES (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://cloudfour.com/thinks/stop-lazy-loading-product-and-hero-images/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Lazy loading is a technique for loading web pages faster, but it can
hurt sales performance if there's no thoughtful process for defining
how images should be presented to users. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

COCA-COLA EMBRACES CONTROVERSIAL AI IMAGE GENERATOR WITH NEW
‚ÄúY3000‚Äù FLAVOR (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/09/ai-hype-reaches-coca-cola-with-new-y3000-flavor-co-created-with-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Coca‚ÄëCola Y3000 Zero Sugar is a limited-edition beverage co-created
with artificial intelligence. Its futuristic name says the year 3000,
but its marketing relies on AI-generated imagery from 2023 ‚Äî
courtesy of the controversial image synthesis model Stable Diffusion. 

‚ÄòBLOCKFACE‚Äô IS AN OPEN-SOURCE TYPE STAMP KIT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.thisiscolossal.com/2023/09/blockface-stamp-kit/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

BlockFace Kit, a modular stamp set, plays with elemental shapes that
invite creativity and imagination in physical typography without
requiring the space for large sort drawers or expensive presses. The
complete kit comes with a magnetic case, black and red ink pads, and a
printed manual that teaches six styles: Bauhaus, lowercase, slab
serif, Grotesque, Standard, and curved. 

22 AMAZING WORKS OF ART TO INSPIRE YOU FROM THE WORLD ILLUSTRATION
AWARDS 2023 (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/news/22-amazing-works-of-art-to-inspire-you-from-the-world-illustration-awards-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The 45th edition of the World Illustration Awards received more than
5,000 entries from 84 countries. This year's winners have been
announced. These fantastic 22 illustration pieces reveal their talent.


 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fc59f37c-5396-11ee-9072-55f6bd675876&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694779308&t=1694779536&s=dd1ee96028bdf32f4f88214ee5ae4c4f1d6aa476a4d1e3566ada64f9caa48792].