# Articles TLDR Design 27-09-2023

The new iOS version doesnt introduce any major features but offers
numerous smaller improvements¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=da777c52-5d1e-11ee-ad39-217c0c7bc251&pt=campaign&t=1695817504&s=0f788e593eaa69f60bc469a5d3ed3432a555638644eadec45ab8abc02c508743]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [Penpot]
[https://penpot.app/layout?mtm_campaign=Flex-layout&mtm_source=newsTLDRDesign]

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-27

FASTER AND EASIER FLUID RESPONSIVE DESIGN WITH FLEX LAYOUT (SPONSOR)
[https://penpot.app/layout?mtm_campaign=Flex-layout&mtm_source=newsTLDRDesign]

Flex Layout is Penpot‚Äôs ground-breaking responsive layout feature
that makes it easier and faster to produce dev-ready design assets.
Here‚Äôs how it works:
‚ö°¬†Designers create the layout and it automatically shows as it is
on the web page thanks to CSS flexbox
[https://penpot.app/layout?mtm_campaign=Flex-layout&mtm_source=newsTLDRDesign]
web standards.

‚ö°¬†Penpot instantly generates pixel-perfect code
[https://penpot.app/layout?mtm_campaign=Flex-layout&mtm_source=newsTLDRDesign]
thanks to the first and only open-source layout system based on CSS.

‚ö° Devs copy and paste the output, and call it a day.

Less back and forth. Better collaboration between designers and
developers. Everybody wins üéâ

Explore Flex Layout templates with a free Penpot account
[https://penpot.app/layout?mtm_campaign=Flex-layout&mtm_source=newsTLDR]

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

IOS 17‚ÄôS MESSAGES APP HAS A BRILLIANT GESTURE YOU NEED TO LEARN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://bgr.com/tech/ios-17s-messages-app-has-a-brilliant-gesture-you-need-to-learn/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The new iOS version doesn't introduce any major features but offers
numerous smaller improvements. One notable change is the cleaner
redesign of the Messages app, which simplifies sharing photos and
other media with a new gesture. 

SPOTIFY‚ÄôS NEW SOCIAL LISTENING FEATURE LETS YOU ‚ÄòJAM‚Äô WITH 32
FRIENDS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/26/23890594/spotify-jam-collaborative-playlist-listening-feature-date-announcement?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Spotify has launched a new feature called Spotify Jam that allows up
to 32 Spotify users to DJ together for group playlists in real time.
Both free and Premium users can join, but only Premium subscribers can
initiate and invite others to Jam sessions. Premium hosts can control
the session and participants can add songs, choose playback devices,
and manage tracks collaboratively. 

WINDOWS 11‚ÄôS NEXT BIG UPDATE IS NOW AVAILABLE WITH COPILOT,
AI-POWERED PAINT, AND MORE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/26/23890621/microsoft-windows-11-update-copilot-paint-snipping-tool-features?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Microsoft is releasing a significant update to Windows 11 featuring
the introduction of Windows Copilot, AI enhancements to Paint,
Snipping Tool, and Photos, RGB lighting support, a revamped File
Explorer, and more. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

BIG TECH IS DRIVING THE NEW UX DESIGN OF AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/big-tech-is-driving-the-new-ux-design-of-ai-the-ai-beat/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

AI was traditionally a subtle, unobtrusive component in software
applications. Now it is being put in users‚Äô hands to turn into
anything they want. AI is the raw material for creativity and
productivity and people can take it and use it in creative and
interesting ways. GenAI is actually a UX revolution, not an AI
revolution. 

IDEATION AND AI (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/ideation-and-ai?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A recent study published in the Wall Street Journal by Wharton
professors Christian Terwiesch and Karl Ulrich tested whether MBA
students or ChatGPT was better at generating ideas. They tested both
the quantity of ideas and the quality of ideas. In both cases, ChatGPT
greatly outperformed the Wharton MBA students. 

THERE‚ÄôS NO SUCH THING AS A DESKTOP SCREEN (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/theres-no-such-thing-as-a-desktop-screen-b9e300c0b128?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A high-quality web UI is, among other things, extremely robust. It
manages to convey information with consistency regardless of the
viewport size (down to a reasonable limit) or font size preferences.
Many factors influence this, including zoom, window size, font size,
and arbitrary user-inflicted stylesheets. In CSS, text-relative units
should be used everywhere, including the media queries. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

SHORTCUTS.DESIGN (WEBSITE)
[https://shortcuts.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Every shortcut for designers, centralized and searchable. Tools
covered include Figma, FigJam, Framer, Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop,
InDesign, XD, and After Effects. 

WHY YOUR DESIGN SYSTEM NEEDS A COMPONENT PROCESS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://articles.redesigningdesign.systems/why-you-need-a-design-system-component-process-86aba41827fb?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Component design has become an essential aspect of product design.
Getting them right not only benefits you but also your team. This
4-part guide helps designers create, document, and evolve design
system components. 

DOCUMENTATION IS A LIVING THING: HOW WE TALK INFORMS WHAT WE MAKE (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.supernova.io/blog/documentation-is-a-living-thing-how-we-talk-informs-what-we-make?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Every great product team needs to cross the gap between ideas and
implementation. The path is made of collaboration, communication, and
documentation. Luke Finch, design systems consultant, shares his
thoughts on how to turn documentation into a dynamic and evolving
conversation. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

DESIGNERS: TO DEAL WITH MICROMANAGING CLIENTS, JUST SAY THIS (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.prototypr.io/designers-to-deal-with-micromanaging-clients-just-say-this-60238dfb3660?utm_source=tldrdesign]

There are three approaches to handling micromanaging clients:
involving them early in the design process and telling them that the
decision was already made, having an iterative design process based on
data that allows for new additions to be added later, and being
upfront when something similar has already been tried and didn‚Äôt
work. 

DESIGN LIKE AN ANTHROPOLOGIST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://news.colby.edu/story/design-like-an-anthropologist/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Microsoft, Intel, and others hire anthropologists along with
engineers, financial analysts, and strategists. An anthropologist in a
business setting isn't there to analyze office slang or determine who
is at the water cooler. Their role is to understand human behavior in
depth, which is a key factor for creating user experiences that
genuinely work. 

ACCORDION EDITING AND APPLE PICKING: EARLY GENERATIVE-AI USER
BEHAVIORS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/accordion-editing-apple-picking/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

AI actively creates new user behaviors, requiring new designs to
support users. Accordion editing and apple picking are new behaviors
directly caused by existing generative AI tools and their limitations.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

GOOGLE IS KILLING GMAIL‚ÄôS BASIC HTML VIEW IN 2024 (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/25/google-is-killing-gmails-basic-html-view-in-2024/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Gmail Basic HTML view for desktop and mobile web will be disabled
starting in early January 2024. The HTML version lacks several
features, but it is helpful for users in low-connectivity areas and
older browsers. 

HOW TO USE DIRECTIONAL IMAGES TO SKYROCKET CONVERSION RATES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.cursorup.com/blog/directional-images?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Directional images are silent guides that effortlessly direct the
audience's gaze to specific areas of a page. An online fashion
retailer strategically placed a directional image of a model gazing at
their "Shop Now" button. This resulted in a 30% increase in
click-through rates and a 20% increase in sales. A travel agency used
an arrow pointing towards their "Book Your Adventure" CTA. This simple
addition led to a whopping 50% increase in bookings within a month. 

MASTODON OVERHAULS SEARCH AND IMPROVES ITS UX (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.coywolf.news/social/mastodon-overhauls-search-and-improves-its-ux/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Mastodon 4.2 introduces a more robust search experience, adds several
user experience enhancements, and provides performance improvements.
Other updates include redesigned link cards, restructured reply
chains, and a new hashtag format. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=da777c52-5d1e-11ee-ad39-217c0c7bc251&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695816121&t=1695817504&s=babdfc7b515dfa0663a5f9e04548b52a5f3451fc388e7d4f81384431c5fc4eab].