# Articles TLDR Design 26-10-2023

The Motorola Innovation Research team presented the latest version of
Motos bendy concept phone at Lenovo Tech World 23¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=cb3f7ed8-73cb-11ee-b6d3-afbc6d49edb1&pt=campaign&t=1698321851&s=dca94e5cb204540b70dde2715a63ee975664e13679453c68d1ee3c7aa557ecb2]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-26

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 THE BENDY PHONE IS BACK, BABY (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/24/23930668/lenovo-moto-flexible-wrist-phone-concept?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The Motorola Innovation Research team presented the latest version of
Moto's bendy concept phone, a large smartphone built around a flexible
OLED display that can bend backward and wrap around the wrist, at
Lenovo Tech World '23. This eye-catching device features an orange
fabric backing attached to a magnetized wristband and an FHD+ pOLED
screen. 

 PEARL: THE NEW EPOCH IN BRANDING AND VISUAL IDENTITY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://abduzeedo.com/pearl-new-epoch-branding-and-visual-identity?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Pearl, a Web3-inspired social platform, is transforming the digital
sphere by empowering creators. The design team at Kallan & Co took on
the challenge of encapsulating Pearl's ethos into its branding and
visual identity. The outcome was an identity that resonated with
vibrancy and a celebration of the symbiotic relationship between
creators and their patrons. 

 KIA‚ÄôS VISION OF THE FUTURE OF EV DESIGN LEAVES MUSHROOM FOR
INNOVATION (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://design-milk.com/kias-vision-of-the-future-of-ev-design-leaves-mushroom-for-innovation/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Kia presented its vision for an electrified future in the first
annual Kia EV Day. The brand introduced the upcoming Kia EV5
production model and two additional concept cars, Kia Concept EV3, and
Kia Concept EV4. With mushrooms at the heart of the Concept EV3's soft
surface console table, the innovative design takes its organic
atmosphere to a new level. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 HOW FIGMA‚ÄôS DATA SCIENCE AND USER RESEARCH TEAMS WEAVE TOGETHER
INSIGHTS THAT COUNT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/cross-functional-data-science-user-research-figma/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A data scientist and a researcher from Figma teamed up to enhance the
notification system. They merged quantitative and qualitative data to
understand how users interacted with notifications. Their findings
showed a significant number of users weren't receiving alerts, leading
to the introduction of new notification types and distribution
changes. This collaboration underlined the significance of combining
different insights for product improvement. 

 THE BEST WORST DESIGN: THE POWER OF ABSURD IDEAS IN THE DESIGN
PROCESS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/design-ibm/the-best-worst-design-the-power-of-absurd-ideas-in-the-design-process-9fe27c9b8b40/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 IBM Design hosted a "Worst Design Challenge" during the San Francisco
Design Week 2023, encouraging designers to embrace creativity, risk,
and unconventional ideas. Stemming from a humorous Reddit challenge
that sought the most un-user-friendly designs, this event used IBM's
Enterprise Design Thinking framework to invert traditional design
goals. 

 SHEET, DIALOG, OR SNACKBAR ‚Äî WHAT SHOULD A DESIGNER GO FOR? (9
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/sheet-dialog-or-snackbar-what-should-a-designer-go-for-65af3a0b4aeb?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Sheets are suitable when you need to help the user complete a clear,
specific task or get background information without losing previous
context. Dialogues should be used to confirm an action related to the
user‚Äôs finances or personal information or when deleting something
important, especially if it‚Äôs irreversible to exit a scenario
without resulting in the loss of progress. Snackbars and toasts should
be used when a user has completed an action, such as sending a
message, and needs feedback from the application or when you need to
capture uusers's' attention without pulling them out of the current
context. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 CONSISTENT ANIMATED ICONS IN LOTTIE FRAMEWORK (WEBSITE)
[https://useanimations.com/index.html?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 useAnimations is a responsive and multi-platform library of
micro-animations. Based on a 32px grid and editable Lottie .json
files, the animated icons follow a consistent style, making it ideal
for product design. 

 GENERATE PALETTES IN FIGMA BASED ON YOUR COLOUR STYLES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.droplette.app/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The Droplette plugin for Figma allows you to generate color palettes
using OpenAI's GPT-3 model. Colors are generated based on your design
system or Figma document styles. 

 WORKFLOW PLATFORM DESIGNED FOR UXERS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.fluxitup.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 With Flux, you can integrate your research and testing activities
directly into your UX tasks. Among its features are the ability to
streamline the writing of product documents, support for mood boards
and team collaboration, and a project management tool. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 DESIGNING EVERYTHING (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/designing-everything-dan-mall-wayce/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Designers have one of the biggest unfair advantages for success in
the world: we‚Äôre skilled, trained, and practiced in prioritizing and
making decisions. Yet, when it comes to anything that‚Äôs not solvable
with a design tool we freeze up. How can designers design better lives
for themselves and their families? 

 MIDJOURNEY VS. FIREFLY 2 VS. DALL-E 3 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://designingwithai.substack.com/p/firefly-2-vs-dall-e-3?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Firefly 2 and DALLE-3 have recently been announced with several
improvements. However, how do they compare to Midjourney? This article
compares the three platforms in terms of subject and style accuracy,
cohesion, and ethics. 

 DIARIES OF WAR: ILLUSTRATOR NORA KRUG ON DEPICTING RAW ACCOUNTS OF
THE WAR IN UKRAINE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/diaries-of-war/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Diaries of War is a graphic non-fiction book that documents the
experiences of two anonymous subjects, K and D, who chatted with
illustrator Nora Krug for over a year. By illustrating the personal
accounts as narratives, Nora makes the devastating impact of the war
more visceral and tangible for those of us who were not directly
affected by the conflict. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 JENNY THEOLIN SHAKES UP CREATIVE MANAGEMENT IN DARING NEW BOOK (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/features/dare-to-facilitate/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Stockholm-based designer and educator Jenny Theolin encourages
creatives to break free from routines and engage with meaningful
learning experiences in her new book, Dare to Facilitate. 

 YOUTUBE MUSIC NOW LETS YOU MAKE YOUR OWN PLAYLIST ART WITH AI (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/24/23930237/youtube-music-ai-generated-playlist-art?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 YouTube Music will allow you to create custom covers for your
playlists using generative AI. The new feature can be triggered by
tapping the pen icon in the bottom right corner of your playlist‚Äôs
cover art. Once you have selected the category, you can pick a random
image or choose from a few prompts. 

 APPLE‚ÄôS IOS 18: EMBRACING AI AND GENERATIVE AI FOR ENHANCED USER
EXPERIENCE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.opp.today/apple/apple-could-bring-boatload-of-ai-features-to-iphone-with-ios-18/160255/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Apple is rumored to bring several AI-powered functionalities to
compatible iPhones in iOS 18. Users can expect Siri to become more
intelligent and efficient with a refined version. Message replies
should be improved with AI, allowing for a quicker and more accurate
response. In addition, Apple Music users will find AI-generated
playlists that are customized to their musical tastes. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=cb3f7ed8-73cb-11ee-b6d3-afbc6d49edb1&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698321676&t=1698321851&s=c1d52e0352bdaf3cc564f792a442904c04773ec53fa973f4dc21ddc07387c1ba].