# Articles TLDR Design 14-09-2023

TikTok has officially launched its online shopping feature in the US¬†


Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bf3439e4-52bf-11ee-b5b8-e383e6401b9b&pt=campaign&t=1694693066&s=66de4a48f8efcb3588674abb0cdafa57f6f10a724bfd4030f7231c10324211b3]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-14

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

TIKTOK OFFICIALLY LAUNCHES IN-APP SHOPPING FEATURE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/tiktok-officially-launches-in-app-shopping-feature-1850829044?utm_source=tldrdesign]

TikTok has officially launched its online shopping feature in the US,
nearly a year after it first started testing the waters. The
Chinese-owned app added a ‚Äúshop‚Äù button to the homepage to bring
its TikTok Shop service to more than 150 million users in the US.
TikTok Shop will add in-feed videos and Live Shopping to its For You
feed while also showcasing product reviews and connecting users with
sellers for marketing opportunities. 

GOOGLE‚ÄôS FIND MY DEVICE 3.0 HAS A FRESH LOOK, HINTS AT UPCOMING
FEATURES (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/13/23871544/google-find-my-device-3-0-icon-bluetooth-trackers?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google's device tracking platform will receive a design refresh to
reflect plans to expand its reach to include devices other than just
smartphones. The new version will allow users to mark a device as
lost, temporarily share a device's location, and edit contact info for
accessories. 

YOU CAN FINALLY USE ADOBE‚ÄôS GAME-CHANGING AI FEATURES IN PHOTOSHOP,
PREMIERE, AND AFTER EFFECTS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.digitaltrends.com/computing/adobe-ai-features-out-of-beta/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

All Adobe customers can now access the company's generative AI image
creation and editing features. Users will receive 100 to 3,000
generative credits from their subscription plans. They will be able to
add more credits. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

ARE REBRANDS STARTING TO LOOK THE SAME? (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/features/why-do-rebrands-all-look-the-same-thematic-graphic-design-120923?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Shortened turnarounds and economic tensions are having an impact on
originality when it comes to brands. The designers and agencies who
manage to create lofty mythologies about their studio and approach
often succeed in pitching unconventional rebrands to hesitant clients
‚Äì but therein lies a paradox. Getting buy-in on unique work usually
requires already having done unique work previously. 

DESIGN FOR MEANINGFUL OUTCOMES (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/design-for-meaningful-outcomes-f1791b9c6efb?utm_source=tldrdesign]

As organizations compete for people‚Äôs money and attention, they
often focus on creating tangible outputs like intrusive marketing
pop-ups or other excessive features. They also prioritize high-level
business metrics and feature backlogs over fulfilling customer needs.
The output-focused mindset is the root cause of building the wrong
things and should be replaced with an outcome-focused mindset to put
the customer at the center. 

MAXIMIZING CONVERSIONS: EXPERT DESIGN AND UX ADVICE (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://dynamicbusiness.com/leadership-2/lets-talk-business/maximizing-conversions-expert-design-and-ux-advice.html?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A slight increase in conversion rates might lead to considerable
additional revenue. Something similar happens with design when small
changes can yield significant results. In this article, 18 conversion
experts share their thoughts and best techniques for improving
conversion through design. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

ONLINE FAVICON GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://www.favicon.software/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Upload SVGs, PNGs, JPEGs, and many other formats and convert them to
optimized favicons in seconds. Next, download them in multiple favicon
and app icon formats. 

HIGH-END MOCKUPS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.getsuperdope.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A premium high-end mockup service with free and Pro versions. Join the
waitlist. 

GOLDEN RATIO TYPOGRAPHY CALCULATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://grtcalculator.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Golden Ratio has been used for centuries (really!). It is highly
regarded for the sense of harmony and balance that it evokes. This
handy tool generates a composition that includes a typographic scale
with associated line heights, spacing units derived from the primary
line height, and an entire suite of eye-catching text formatting
styles. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

GROCERY UX: DYNAMICALLY UPDATE THE ‚ÄúADD TO CART‚Äù BUTTON TO A
QUANTITY SELECTOR AFTER THE ITEM ADDED (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://baymard.com/blog/grocery-add-to-cart-buttons?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Most users shopping for groceries plan to add more than a handful of
items to their cart. However, it‚Äôs easy to forget which items have
been added after adding many different groceries across different
categories. Updating the ‚ÄúAdd to Cart‚Äù button to reflect that an
item was added to the cart streamlines the shopping process. 

THE MOST ADVANCED YET ACCEPTABLE PRODUCTS WIN (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://every.to/p/the-most-advanced-yet-acceptable-products-win?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Raymond Loewy's MAYA principle might be a path for breakthrough
design. Critical lessons on how Apple beat Google in wearable tech,
why the iPhone won, and the future of Apple Vision Pro. 

HOW TO NOT BE A BAD DESIGN MANAGER (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/how-to-not-be-a-bad-design-manager?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Good design managers should encourage learning from failure by
de-stigmatizing mistakes, practicing postmortems, and creating safe
spaces for designers. They should set clear expectations, create
opportunities for challenges, support their team by praising in public
and critiquing in private, develop and motivate their designers,
practice open hours, and be approachable. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

INNOVATIVE ‚ÄòEYE TRACKING SPECTACLES‚Äô MAY HOLD THE KEY TO BUILDING
AFFORDABLE SPATIAL COMPUTING HEADSETS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.yankodesign.com/2023/09/13/innovative-eye-tracking-spectacles-may-hold-the-key-to-building-affordable-spatial-computing-headsets/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Apple's Vision Pro? $3,499. Meta's Quest Pro? $1,499. Price is a
barrier that can't be ignored. This modular attachment that clips onto
the nose bridge of specialized eyewear could make spatial computing
more affordable. 

6 WEB DESIGN STYLES THAT ARE UNIQUELY JAPANESE (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://bootcamp.uxdesign.cc/6-web-design-styles-that-are-uniquely-japan-1ba67537849?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Japanese websites have design characteristics not commonly seen in
English-based websites. These include large imagery with beautiful
typography, vertical typography which follows the tradition of how
Japanese words were written, and more daring approaches in using
irregular shapes to contain images or illustrations. 

FREE TOOLS TO MAKE EVERYTHING SIMPLE (WEBSITE)
[https://tinywow.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Many cool little tools for no cost. The tools can convert JPG to PDF
or Word to PDF, compress PDF, upscale images, split PDFs, change photo
backgrounds, and much more. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=bf3439e4-52bf-11ee-b5b8-e383e6401b9b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694692861&t=1694693066&s=3d2084d4843f109d97ccd7a2afe7ac577371f70465b0e323bb0e55689fad56cd].