# Articles TLDR Design 30-08-2023

Deepfakes are a real threat, and the industry still needs an effective
detection method¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=f91d4bf0-471b-11ee-9e33-8fe189451534&pt=campaign&t=1693398431&s=7e5cda20d0c08940d0e87643027c745039463acbccc51c16c907f80afda1217b]


		TLDR 

		TOGETHER WITH [TLDR] [https://tldr.tech/] 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-08-30

TLDR DESIGN READER SURVEY (TLDR SURVEY)
[https://danni763618.typeform.com/to/h5YJmY8w#nonce=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb]

What do you think of the TLDR Design newsletter so far? Please fill
out this quick 3-question survey so we can improve! üôè 

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE MADE A WATERMARK FOR AI IMAGES THAT YOU CAN‚ÄôT EDIT OUT (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/8/29/23849107/synthid-google-deepmind-ai-image-detector?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Deepfakes are a real threat, and the industry still needs an effective
detection method. Google wants to change that with SynthID, a
technology capable of watermarking AI-generated images in an
imperceptible way to the human eye. The watermark is embedded in the
pixels of the image, but it doesn‚Äôt alter its appearance noticeably.


3 ESSENTIAL DESIGN TRENDS, SEPTEMBER 2023 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/3-essential-design-trends-september-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

3 new trends are emerging in web design: monochrome color schemes,
magazine-style layouts, and navigation elements in a box. Monochrome
color schemes look simple but are very hard to get right, especially
when considering the accessibility and usability of a website.
Navigation in a box can be sticky which helps improve the
interactivity for users. 

OPPENHEIMER & UX: FROM ATOMS TO EXPERIENCES (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/from-atoms-to-experiences-ecb897067f34?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A designer‚Äôs work generally has a positive impact on the world, but
sometimes products or services are designed that can have ripple
effects of harm. Designers need to let go of theory as their ideas
have tangible effects on the world. They need to stop and think about
the ‚Äúwhy‚Äù behind their work to truly understand its repercussions.


üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO RUN A BRAND WORKSHOP EFFECTIVELY (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.prototypr.io/how-to-run-a-brand-workshop-effectively-a250fbc3fefe?utm_source=tldrdesign]

An exhaustive 5-step process to running a brand workshop. Starts with
ideas for warmup tasks like Ridiculous Objects or Martians Have Landed
and moves on to explain the purpose and benefits of exercises like The
Golden Circle, Brand Persona, Landscape Positioning, Future Plans,
Aspirational Brands, and Audience Personas. 

FROM USER NEEDS TO USER DREAMS: FIND THE FUTURE OF YOUR PRODUCT (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/from-user-needs-to-user-dreams-find-the-future-of-your-product-c394d66c8b91]

Organizations are urged to break free from user-centric thinking and
consider visionary dreams during periods of cost-cutting and
short-term focus. This calls for a shift from short-term metrics to
exploring future possibilities to drive innovation and build resilient
products and services that exceed user needs and expectations. 

PSYCHOLOGICAL SAFETY AND EMBRACING DISCOMFORT (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/psychological-safety-and-embracing-discomfort-ee1e84664dba]

Amy Edmundson's work emphasizes the importance of psychological safety
within teams for effective learning and performance. It encourages
candid communication, embracing discomfort, and fostering an
environment where conflict and discourse can be handled constructively
for improved decision-making and growth. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

JAMBOT BY FIGMA (WEBSITE)
[https://www.figma.com/community/widget/1274481464484630971]

No matter what you‚Äôre doing, Jambot is there to help you spark a
first draft and make progress faster. With Jambot, you can create
visual mindmaps with AI, take a multi-threaded approach to
brainstorming, and generate ideas with teammates and ChatGPT in the
same canvas. 

VISUAL BUG REPORTING (WEBSITE)
[https://www.toyboxsystems.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Of course, designers should have a more visual way of reporting bugs!
Toybox allows you and anyone to leave feedback directly on a website.
The platform works on all browsers and can be installed on local,
staging, and live websites. 

COPY UNICODE CHARACTERS AND SYMBOLS (WEBSITE)
[https://unicopy.cc/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

There are many more characters available than what is on your
keyboard. This site organizes the most handy characters and symbols
into a tidy grid. Choose the character you want and click to copy it. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

PAIR WITH A CREATIVE (WEBSITE)
[https://www.pair-up.org/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Do you have some time to spare or need someone for that crazy project
of yours? Find partners or offer time to other creatives. Tell the
platform about yourself, select the subjects you're interested in, and
find the right person for you. 

NOSTALGIA IN UX DESIGN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/nostalgia-in-ux-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Our brains are wired to engage deeply with nostalgic moments. Could
this be used as a feature for better user experiences? This article
discusses the potential of nostalgic moments and how dangerous they
can be if used in dark patterns. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A DEEP DIVE INTO SVG PATH COMMANDS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.nan.fyi/svg-paths?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Looking at an illustration‚Äôs SVG code can be quite confusing because
it mainly consists of many path elements each with a cryptic ‚Äúd‚Äù
attribute. This guide comes with practical examples and exercises to
help understand SVG paths. 

REBRAND (WEBSITE) [https://www.rebrand.gallery/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A collection of beautiful visual identities and rebrandings. Can be
browsed by categories like automotive, corporate, entertainment,
sports, and tech. 

EXPERIENCING THE UNUSUAL (WEBSITE)
[https://empathyprompts.net/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The ultimate empathy level is to experience it. This website will
prompt you to think and act to understand how having some kind of
impairment feels. Refresh it, and a new scenario is presented. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=f91d4bf0-471b-11ee-9e33-8fe189451534&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693396903&t=1693398431&s=0e7452404fadce980bf9fec046a6afd71d84428a984eeeea17030fbc90b4b344].