# Articles TLDR Design 27-10-2023

Figmas Chief Product Officer, Yuhki Yamashita, envisions a future
where design tools like Figma and Adobe work seamlessly together¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=73ed3a8e-74b2-11ee-aca6-a3a4488a0a58&pt=campaign&t=1698408226&s=d78dc3ef56f16d8fb8cea090c1aed775f2f2a79c1dc69bb1aa096c31025d8e90]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-27

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 STORYBOARDING THE FUTURE OF DESIGN AND CREATIVITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/adobe-figma-storyboarding-the-future/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Figma's Chief Product Officer, Yuhki Yamashita, envisions a future
where design tools like Figma and Adobe work seamlessly together.
Ideas include instantly transforming user journeys into storyboards,
integrating assets between Adobe Substance 3D and Figma, collaborative
multiplayer functions in Adobe applications, and intertwining Adobe's
generative AI tool with Figma's design processes. 

 HOW OUR BIGGEST REDESIGN YET CAME TO BE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://slack.design/articles/how-our-biggest-redesign-yet-came-to-be/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Slack's UI system could no longer handle the fast growth the company
experienced, so the design team decided to revamp it. This article
outlines the process of redesigning the platform, which was highly
collaborative, cross-functional, and based on feedback from both
inside and outside the company. There are some key lessons to be
learned. When it comes to redesigns, you have to be bold but
pragmatic. Counting with multiple perspectives is crucial. You must be
rigorous, commit to craft, and stay close to the customer. 

 IROBOT‚ÄôS INSUN HONG WANTS THEIR ROOMBA VACUUMS TO FEEL RIGHT AT
HOME (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://design-milk.com/irobot-insun-hong-roomba-vacuums-designer/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Insun Hong, the Director of Industrial Design at iRobot, discusses
the design behind the Roomba Combo j9+ robot vacuum and mop. Aiming to
make the device seamlessly blend into home environments, the iRobot
team created a base station resembling a piece of furniture. The focus
was on ensuring the appliance's presence in living spaces rather than
being hidden away. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 HOW TO USE NARRATIVE AS A DESIGN TOOL (22 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/how-to-use-narrative-as-a-design-tool?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A narrative is essential to create a thriving VR experience with
depth, emotion, and purpose. Adopting narratives can be a powerful
tool for designers if they understand their audience and goals,
conceptualize the story, adopt immersion, craft a compelling hook, and
establish a narrative flow. 

 THE KEY TO STAKEHOLDER ALIGNMENT? INCENTIVES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-key-to-stakeholder-alignment-incentives-543ba5c3d9e7?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 For stakeholders to act on UX research, it is crucial to start by
understanding each stakeholder‚Äôs incentivized outcomes and move
upward from there. The next step is understanding the goals that they
have established to achieve that outcome and finally beginning to ask
about their stated desires. In many cases, their stated desires
ultimately don‚Äôt align with their incentivized end-state, which is
the first area to correct. Being a good researcher means helping the
individual understand the necessary missing data and then driving at
generating the insight to answer those questions. 

 AN ACTIONABLE AND RELIABLE USABILITY QUESTIONNAIRE WITH ONLY SEVEN
ITEMS (16 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/10/actionable-reliable-usability-questionnaire-inuit/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Inuit (short for "Interface Usability Instrument") is a new
evaluation tool for assessing user interface usability. It asks fewer
questions and is more diagnostic compared to existing usability
instruments such as SUS and machine learning. The post explores how
and why Inuit was developed and why we can trust it to measure
usability. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 404 ILLUSTRATIONS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.kapwing.com/404-illustrations?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 A collection of trendy, ready-to-use 404 images. 

 COLOR SPECTRUM (WEBSITE)
[https://colorspectrum.design/generator.html?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The Spectrum color palette generator applies colors to your design
and allows you to edit color properties such as palette caps and hues.


 FLAT EMOJI ICONS (WEBSITE)
[https://joypixels.com/emoji/flat?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The Flat Emoji 1.0 app features 200 popular signature emoji in a
simplified design, as well as two bordered versions (black, and
pearl). 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 WHY GENERATIVE AI NEEDS DESIGN (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.forbes.com/sites/stevevassallo/2023/10/23/why-generative-ai-needs-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Today's most popular generative AI apps use an open-ended chat box
that doesn't reveal much about the system's capabilities. It's up to
the user to express their intent, remember all the relevant context,
and evaluate the AI results. A human-centered approach to AI design
enhances usability, fosters trust, and encourages users to
intentionally explore a model's vast conceptual interior rather than
aimlessly. A new breed of designers is needed to meet AI's unique
challenges and opportunities. 

 THREE WAYS WE WORK TO MAKE GOOGLE PLAY MORE ACCESSIBLE (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://blog.google/products/google-play/google-play-accessibility-features/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Google highlighted accessibility features and apps on Google Play in
honor of National Disability Employment Awareness Month. Beginner
readers can improve their vocabulary and pronunciation with Google
Play Books' Reading Practice. Play Store accessibility tags help you
discover accessible apps and games with information such as screen
reader-friendly, hearing assistance, learning disability, and more.
Using Automagic, you can navigate books with a Braille display paired
with Talkback on Android, making the experience better for everyone. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 WHY AI CAN‚ÄôT MAKE HUMAN CREATIVITY OBSOLETE (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/why-ai-cant-make-human-creativity-obsolete?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Even though IBM's Deep Blue beat Garry Kasparov in 2000, people still
enjoy and consume chess. It happened with AlphaZero, too. It is
inherent in humans to prefer human creations, imperfections included,
over AI-generated perfection. AI can't make humans obsolete because
humans like humans too much. 

 RYAN ALTOUNJI ILLUSTRATES COMPLEX FEELINGS AND EMOTIONS THAT EVERY
ONE OF US HAS FELT AT SOME POINT (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://designyoutrust.com/2023/10/ryan-altounji-illustrates-complex-feelings-and-emotions-that-every-one-of-us-has-felt-at-some-point/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Ryan Altounji is an illustrator and animator from Syria who found out
how powerful art can be during one of the most tumultuous phases of
his life. "Journey of Emotions" was Altounji‚Äôs way of expressing
himself during a turbulent time that involved visa complications,
seven years of military service, and separation from his wife. 

 INTERNET ARTIFACTS (WEBSITE)
[https://neal.fun/internet-artifacts/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 The first Amazon order, the first smiley, the first website, the
first emoji set, and many more internet artifacts. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=73ed3a8e-74b2-11ee-aca6-a3a4488a0a58&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1698408042&t=1698408226&s=d271f26c53fba958eaea504951fb80db777576cd4a08d4378d5e309294343640].


¬†