# Articles TLDR Design 04-10-2023

The exhibition ‚ÄòEmail is Dead‚Äô ushers visitors into the
obsolescence of the decades-old form of communication¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7f9a5b04-628e-11ee-9e8d-47f5c28e61e2&pt=campaign&t=1696421094&s=2369de3e9e529d48690ebaf63303b2d161a19bcbbdf438e2497b231ad4453578]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-04

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

IN MEMORY OF EMAILS, DESIGN MUSEUM, AND MAILCHIMP HONOR HOW THEY LOOK,
SOUND, AND SMELL (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.designboom.com/design/design-museum-intuit-mailchimp-wink-email-is-dead-exhibition-10-03-2023/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Design Museum in London and Intuit Mailchimp‚Äôs in-house creative
agency, Wink, collaborated to resurrect the look, feel, sound, and
smell of emails in the digital age. The exhibition ‚ÄòEmail is Dead‚Äô
ushers visitors into the obsolescence of the decades-old form of
communication, which has dwindled with the advent of DMs and instant
messaging apps. 

JONY IVE INVESTS IN BLENDER COMPANY (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/3/23901470/jony-ive-cruz-blendercap-investment-portable-bottle-blender?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Jony Ive, Apple's former design chief, has invested in Cruz, a company
known for its USB-C-powered bottle cap with integrated blades that
turn drink bottles into portable blenders. The $129 BlenderCap, which
Cruz launched at CES, comes with a 32-ounce vacuum-insulated bottle
and is designed to fit other wide-mouth bottles. 

LIVING COLOR: DESIGNING THROUGH SYNESTHESIA (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/microsoft-design/living-color-designing-through-synesthesia-0dc273cffed3?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Annice Jumani has a unique condition called synesthesia where she
associates colors with letters and numbers. Despite feeling isolated
and different due to her condition, she found solace in sports and
later embraced her synesthesia as a valuable tool in her career as a
design director. Through her journey, she learned to celebrate her
differences and encourage others to do the same, recognizing that what
sets us apart can be our greatest strengths. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY CREATIVES SHOULD TREAT THEIR WORK LIKE ATHLETIC TRAINING (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.betterbydesign.cc/p/why-creatives-should-treat-their?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The 4-hour work week, tailored for the industrial age, misses the mark
for today‚Äôs creative and knowledge-based jobs. It presumes a linear
relationship between the hours put in and the output that results;
that one more hour of ‚Äúwork‚Äù will create one more output of
similar value. However, the truth is that quality creative work
doesn't behave like an assembly line. Sound judgment is far more
important than the mere capacity to create output. 

WHY EVERY UX DESIGNER SHOULD STUDY CONVERSATION DESIGN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/why-every-ux-designer-should-study-conversation-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]

For the first time in history, users of technology can now talk in
natural language to a computer and simply get stuff done. The
technology of today and tomorrow is going to be increasingly
conversational. Language is deeply multifaceted and therefore requires
a multidisciplinary design approach that combines knowledge of
language, technology, and human psychology. 

COMPONENT DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT AND THE QA PROCESS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.viget.com/articles/component-driven-development-and-the-qa-process/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Components are built and presented in isolation, which simplifies the
QA process by enabling focus on specific parts of the UI.
Well-structured design systems will also facilitate testing activities
by featuring various states and variations, comprehensive
documentation, and clear visual guidelines. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

FORMLESS BY TYPEFORM (WEBSITE)
[https://formless.ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Typeform announced the public beta of a new product called Formless.
It‚Äôs an AI-driven way to create forms and collect data. The Pro plan
will be free during the public beta. 

CURATED USER FLOW VIDEO RECORDINGS (WEBSITE)
[https://userflows.co.uk/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Learn from real product user flow recordings and screenshots.
Organized into types of flows, products, and industries, this website
also includes specific recordings and screenshots for desktop and
mobile devices. 

MIDJOURNEY PROMPT GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://www.jrnylist.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Jrnylist is a simple, easy-to-use Midjourney prompt generator that
combines medium types, styles, and formats. Based on examples, the
website allows you to copy the original prompt and use it as a
template for your creations. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW A FONT WEBSITE DISHONESTLY EARNS MONEY (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/how-a-font-website-dishonestly-earns-money-34fa4c2092b4?utm_source=tldrdesign]

On August 29th of this year, Xiaoyuan Gao from Not Your Type Foundry
posted a statement on her Instagram addressing the unauthorized use of
her font files by a font distribution website. The website in question
is Fontesk.com, a platform where users can access and download
numerous ‚Äúhigh-quality free fonts for commercial use‚Äù and
‚Äúopen-source fonts.‚Äù When confronted, Fontesk.com refused to
remove the font in question and even went so far as to block Gao‚Äôs
IP address from accessing its website. 

DESIGN SYSTEM CHALLENGE: REBRANDING 100+ TOUCHPOINTS IN UNDER 9 MONTHS
(10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@robinwesterhoff/design-system-challenge-rebranding-100-touchpoints-in-under-9-months-ca5d9af416eb?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Two massive A-brands, both with legacy design systems in place with
over 150 touchpoints including web, app, and TV, and over 7 million
users. The challenge was to merge these two brands into one design
system with zero actual customers to test on. Here‚Äôs what challenges
the merger of T-Mobile and Tele2 into Odido presented to their design
teams and a look at how the design systems were merged. 

THE CONSTANT TENSION BETWEEN DESIGN TOOLS AND SOFT SKILLS (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-constant-tension-between-design-tools-and-soft-skills-9f27ed832e7c?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Design tools are constantly evolving, with new features being added
all the time. It can be tempting to want to learn all of the latest
features, but it‚Äôs important to be strategic about how designers
invest their time. Whether they should focus on learning new design
tool features or honing their soft skills depends on their current
skill level, their career goals, and the company they work for. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DEFINITION OF DONE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://jonlax.framer.ai/writing/definition-of-done?utm_source=tldrdesign]

For designers, done means "quality" or "delight." For engineers, it's
mainly related to objective measures of done (unit tests, performance
benchmarks, etc.), while PMs tend to look for speed and usage data.
Although the definition of done differs, product teams need common
ground, preferably before any real work starts. 

ANSWERS TO COMMON DESIGN QUESTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://danmall.com/posts/answers-to-common-design-questions/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Design System expert Dan Mall answers the most common design
questions, including queries about grid systems, color palettes,
how-to-start design systems, and portfolio tips. 

3 COMMON EXAMPLES OF BUTTON TEXT THAT DEGRADES UX AND HOW TO REWRITE
THEM SO THEY‚ÄôRE CLEAR (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://adamsilver.io/blog/3-common-examples-of-button-text-that-degrades-ux-and-how-to-rewrite-them-so-theyre-clear/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Well-designed buttons are also about labels. There are three common
traps you should avoid: prefer "Continue" instead of "Next", be
careful with "Done", and avoid "OK". 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7f9a5b04-628e-11ee-9e8d-47f5c28e61e2&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696420823&t=1696421094&s=965c7120707a6fa89302482d0fc7872c3f43f07c5bbaaef0ea8f900ddb7a01bb].