# Articles TLDR Design 01-09-2023

Dribbble has a new home page, revamped navigation, and redesigned
product pages¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=26cfdf06-48af-11ee-9d95-630c037da88c&pt=campaign&t=1693569828&s=eb839e01d8569a45587d034900ef7b754ea1011449aacd9f3058285236dc3bce]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-01

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

DRIBBBLE HAS A NEW LOGO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://dribbble.com/shots/22424654-Your-eyes-are-right-we-have-a-new-logo?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The new logo was not the only update. Dribbble has a new home page,
revamped navigation, and redesigned product pages. According to the
platform's CEO, that's the first of many changes to come. 

GOOGLE NOW BLURS EXPLICIT IMAGERY IN SEARCH RESULTS BY DEFAULT (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/31/google-now-blurs-explicit-imagery-search-results-by-default/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Google has completed the rollout of its new SafeSearch feature, which
automatically blurs explicit imagery on its search results to protect
users and families. The default setting is designed to prevent
encountering explicit content. Users can adjust the filter as needed. 

YAHOO MAIL UNVEILS NEW AI FEATURES TO ENHANCE USER EXPERIENCE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://winbuzzer.com/2023/08/31/yahoo-mail-unveils-new-ai-features-to-enhance-user-experience-xcxwbn/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


AI can help you save money. Yahoo Mail is introducing a set of new AI
tools, including the Shopping Saver feature, which allows users to
identify forgotten gift cards, discount codes, and store credits in
their inboxes. According to the company, US consumers have $23 billion
in unused gift cards and credits. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW (NOT) TO GET PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD YOUR APP (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://builtformars.com/case-studies/reddit?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Whenever a user visits Reddit, usually coming from a search engine,
they get asked five times to download and use the app. The screen has
so many modals that it‚Äôs impossible to see the content below. None
of the prompts explain why opting for the app is a better choice
despite the mobile website experience being unintuitive and pushy with
cluttered interfaces.¬† 

NOT ENOUGH PRODUCTS ARE DESIGNED WITH WORDS FIRST (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.uxdesigninstitute.com/blog/lara-tacito-director-of-ux-hubspot/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Designing great products has much to do with understanding, which
starts with words, not pixels. Lara Tacito, Sr. Director of UX at
HubSpot, explains why designers should focus on the information
architecture in a project. If you genuinely understand the parts, it's
easier to orchestrate those into a cohesive and delightful user
experience. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

MCKINSEY‚ÄôS PYRAMID FRAMEWORK FOR STORYTELLING (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://productmindset.substack.com/p/2836-mckinseys-pyramid-framework?utm_source=tldrdesign]


When data is massive, you need a method so the story behind it is not
lost. McKinsey's has been using for decades a powerful tool to
structure their presentations for top-level decisions executives.
Learn how it works and extract valuable lessons for your next design
pitch. 

INTRODUCTION TO FONT APIS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://labs.monotype.com/introduction-to-fonts-apis-a5fb73eb9fdc?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Typography is pivotal in web design, influencing visual appeal and
content readability. Font APIs empower designers and developers to
enhance web typography, providing flexible font integration, improved
performance, and legal compliance. They enable dynamic font retrieval,
eliminating the need for manual embedding and offering modern
solutions for typography management. 

PLACE PRODUCTS INTO AI-GENERATED PICTURES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.booth.ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Upload a reference photo of a product, describe the picture you want,
and receive the image almost instantly. It's like having a product
photographer 24/7! 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

6 RULES ON HOW PIXAR TELL GREAT STORIES (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://adplist.substack.com/p/why-pixars-storytelling-is-genius?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Knowing how to tell a great story is a secret weapon of many business
leaders, creatives, and, of course, designers. Improve your
storytelling skills by uncovering Pixar's six rules for powerful
narratives. 

DIY PRODUCTS MAKING DESIGN ACCESSIBLE FOR ALL ‚Äì FROM CHILDREN TO THE
ELDERLY (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://designwanted.com/diy-products-making-design-accessible-for-all/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Requests from designers for renewable materials led to DIY products
like Pollinator Kit ‚Äî an algae-based plastic prototype kit.
Newtab-22, a South Korean design studio, developed an open-source
IKEA-style manual with instructions on how to build an air purifier
using everyday items. Pentagram designed Ambessa Play ‚Äî a flashlight
kit that teaches children about science and electricity. 

REBUILDING TECHCRUNCH LAYOUT WITH MODERN CSS (27 MINUTE READ)
[https://ishadeed.com/article/rebuilding-techcrunch-modern-css/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


This tutorial outlines a fascinating perspective on how Techcrunch's
website could be redesigned using modern CSS. The author not only
proposes a different approach but also takes the time to consider and
understand the decisions behind the current implementation. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

CONNECTED GRID LAYOUT ANIMATION (GITHUB REPO)
[https://github.com/codrops/ConnectedGrid/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Check out examples of inspirational animations for items connected by
a grid. The items animate on scroll. There are four different variants
of animations. 

BLEND: YOUR AI GRAPHIC DESIGNER (WEBSITE)
[https://www.blendnow.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Blend enables easy removal of background from photos and replacing it
with AI-generated backgrounds for a more polished look. 

HOW HAVE UX JOB TITLES CHANGED IN THE LAST 15 YEARS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://measuringu.com/how-have-ux-roles-changed-in-the-last-15-years/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


It's not only the skillset that is constantly changing. User-Centered
Design Practitioners used to be a thing. Can you believe that? Check
out how UX job titles have evolved over the last 15 years. 

HOW DUOLINGO USES AI TO ENHANCE ITS USER EXPERIENCE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.mindtheproduct.com/duolingo-ai-user-experience/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Duolingo MAX includes a feature that allows users to role-play with AI
characters. Duolingo's Product Manager reveals the learnings and how
AI improved the company's freemium model. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=26cfdf06-48af-11ee-9d95-630c037da88c&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693569618&t=1693569828&s=84335a9924307f2a2c10f21d0a1cbd69b380221d532fa3a6a3d869e7928ec011].