# Articles TLDR Design 07-09-2023

Google‚Äôs Lookout app is designed to help blind and low-vision users
understand their surroundings¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=c435a398-4d32-11ee-b6a6-e5d7dab627e4&pt=campaign&t=1694088308&s=c0b54f855db7320c28fe3510c8eea6c905300790da122fc19fb9935a0c75e1ce]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-07

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

GOOGLE'S LOOKOUT APP ADDS DETAILED, AI-POWERED IMAGE DESCRIPTIONS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.cnet.com/tech/mobile/googles-lookout-app-adds-detailed-ai-powered-image-descriptions/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google‚Äôs Lookout app is designed to help blind and low-vision users
understand their surroundings. People can now also ask follow-up
questions for more information about an image. 

MIRO HAS A MORE MATURE TYPEFACE AND A REVAMPED ILLUSTRATION STYLE (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/news/akqa-miro-graphic-design-050923?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Miro has adopted a less playful typeface but is still quite friendly.
Its illustrations are now less abstract and more dimensional. Miro‚Äôs
signature yellow has also been tweaked. 

YOUR NEW CAR IS PROBABLY A DATA PRIVACY NIGHTMARE (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://gizmodo.com/mozilla-new-cars-data-privacy-report-1850805416?utm_source=tldrdesign]

New findings from Mozilla‚Äôs *Privacy Not Included project revealed
that major car brands fail to meet essential privacy and security
standards. The latest models from BMW, Ford, Toyota, Tesla, and Subaru
collect data about drivers, including race, facial expressions,
weight, health information, and where they drive. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

SIX WAYS TO BRING CONTINUOUS DESIGN INTO PRODUCT INNOVATION (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://builtin.com/product/continuous-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Digital products took to the extreme the need for constant
improvement. A particular orchestration is needed between design,
engineering, and strategy to continuously evolve a product in the
right direction. 

FIVE SURPRISING JOBS THAT WON‚ÄôT GET ELIMINATED BY AI (10 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/5-surprising-jobs-that-wont-get-eliminated-by-ai?utm_source=tldrdesign]

People who find ways to combine their knowledge and experience with
AI-enabled tools will always have work waiting for them. Traditional
design skills like attention to detail and expertise with layout and
composition will always be valuable, but technical training won‚Äôt be
a barrier to entry. 

FREE TOOLKIT FROM AIRBNB DESIGN TO HELP FREELANCE ILLUSTRATORS
OPTIMIZE THEIR BUSINESS (WEBSITE)
[https://tyrus.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Tyrus started a survey with 250 illustrators worldwide to understand
their pain points, which range from dealing with tricky feedback to
managing client expectations. Most of the findings were related to
client relationships and the collaborative process. The Airbnb Design
team aimed precisely at that, providing guides, templates, and tools
for mundane work so illustrators can focus on their craft. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

DECEPTIVE PATTERNS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.deceptive.design/types?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Sometimes, design can be a matter of good vs. evil. Learn about the
deceptive tactics used in websites and apps that make users do things
they didn't mean. 

CODE SNIPPETS FOR MODERN USER INTERFACE TECHNIQUES (WEBSITE)
[https://buildui.com/recipes?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This collection features subtle and delightful interactions from top
products. Each example has a thoughtful explanation of the technique
for rebuilding it and its code. 

106 COGNITIVE BIASES & PRINCIPLES THAT AFFECT YOUR UX (WEBSITE)
[https://growth.design/psychology?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Psychology of Design is an ever-evolving guide to crucial
principles of human behavior related to user experience. A cheat sheet
is also provided, covering critical aspects of the most relevant
biases and heuristics involved in product usage. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

TEN UI TRANSFORMATIONS THAT SHOW THE POWER OF UX DESIGN FOR BANKING
INNOVATION (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://theuxda.medium.com/10-ui-transformations-that-show-the-power-of-ux-design-for-banking-innovation-2722d5a3c6e9?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Banking apps have a notoriously bad reputation when it comes to UX
design. This article showcases 10 examples of banking apps before and
after a redesign. Each example has a link to a detailed case study. 

THE NEW TYPEFORM‚ÄîWHAT TOOK SO LONG? (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.typeform.com/blog/inside-story/v2-rollout-2/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Typeform 2 was announced more than a year ago. The team behind the
product to create beautiful and easy-to-use forms is finally ready to
release the new version. It will replace Typeform 1, which is based on
UX designs that are five years old. 

SO PASSIONATE YOU NEVER STOP IMPROVING (32 MINUTE READ)
[https://blockbuster.thoughtleader.school/p/so-passionate-you-never-stop-improving?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Asimov, Jobs, Seinfeld, Oprah, Buffett, Newton, and many other greats
have a common trait. Infinite devotion is about finding your passion
and devoting yourself to it beyond mere discipline. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

AN INTERACTIVE GUIDE TO COLOR & CONTRAST (WEBSITE)
[https://colorandcontrast.com/#/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A mind-blowing guide that covers even the physiology of the eye.
Explore and learn about the theory, science, and perception of color
and contrast. 

RANDOMA11Y (WEBSITE) [https://randoma11y.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A tool that randomly picks accessible color combinations on every page
load. Randoma11y picks two contrasting colors and shows a preview of
basic UI and text, each as background and foreground. 

OUCH (WEBSITE)
[https://icons8.com/illustrations?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A library of free vector and 3D illustrations that can be searched,
browsed by styles, or explored by categories. 

THERE'S CODE BEHIND EVERY CLICK: ENGINEERING TRUTHS BEHIND UI/UX (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.ibc.org/opinion/theres-code-behind-every-click-engineering-truths-behind-ui/ux/9889.article?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Creative work doesn't translate itself into products. You need
builders excited to work with you and share the goal of providing a
fantastic user experience. The key to that might be to start thinking
about the developer experience. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=c435a398-4d32-11ee-b6a6-e5d7dab627e4&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694088080&t=1694088308&s=974beae5487be2db4fd7ee2caebc0709bb03ac1cb5e4e89f49d0262cb1b56d97].