# Articles TLDR Design 22-09-2023

Facebooks refreshed logo features a deeper hue for greater contrast,
improving visual accessibility¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7fc35fd2-5923-11ee-b133-4dadf15fb02b&pt=campaign&t=1695384273&s=ba13ff4ec3bb16f9abe5fe67cd19a9905a8973c3af33105d788b799a887e3a1a]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-22

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

FACEBOOK ALTERS ITS LOGO IN ‚ÄúSUBTLE, BUT SIGNIFICANT‚Äù REBRAND (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.itsnicethat.com/news/facebook-rebrand-graphic-design-210923?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Facebook's refreshed logo features a deeper hue for greater contrast,
improving visual accessibility. The wordmark has also been refined to
match the app's typeface, Facebook Sans. Reactions and icons have been
updated as well. They're now more legible at smaller sizes and come
with an expanded color range. 

OPENAI UNVEILS DALL-E 3 WITH SUPPORT FOR TEXT AND TYPOGRAPHY (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://venturebeat.com/ai/openai-unveils-dall-e-3-with-support-for-text-and-typography/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


OpenAI has announced DALL-E 3, its latest text-to-image generator, and
showed off some of its new impressive features, including its ability
to generate readable text baked directly into images themselves,
something that was not easy with DALL-E 2 - other competing image
generator AI models such as Midjourney still struggle to achieve this.


YOUTUBE DEBUTS A NEW APP, YOUTUBE CREATE, FOR EDITING VIDEOS, ADDING
EFFECTS, AND MORE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/21/youtube-debuts-a-new-app-youtube-create-for-editing-videos-adding-effects-and-more/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


YouTube has introduced a new app called YouTube Create. Designed for
creators, the app provides easy-to-use tools for making short and long
videos, addressing challenges like editing, stickers, GIFs, and
effects. It also offers access to royalty-free music, audio cleanup,
automatic captions, and easy export to YouTube. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

COLOR FOR BRAND DESIGNERS WORKING WITH PRODUCT TEAMS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@katiecooperco/color-for-brand-designers-working-with-product-teams-3a0edb7b3cb9?utm_source=tldrdesign]


This article looks at common challenges faced by brand designers when
it comes to color choices and accessibility. It emphasizes the need to
consider color contrast ratios, define interactive states, and
maintain consistent hues within brand guidelines. These insights can
greatly influence web development decisions and create a more
inclusive and visually appealing online presence. 

DESIGNING FOR SOCIAL MEDIA: 15 TIPS FOR EYE-CATCHING POSTS (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://weandthecolor.com/designing-for-social-media-15-tips-for-eye-catching-posts/180474?utm_source=tldrdesign]


As social media channels become more and more visual, the need for
differentiation only grows. It's about the message and how to drive
the attention to deliver it. This article outlines 15 powerful
techniques for eye-catching posts, from branding principles and visual
hierarchy to storytelling and hashtag usage. 

UNDERSTANDING YOUR USERS WITH PSYCHOGRAPHICS (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/product-management/psychographics-guide-overview/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Psychographic segmentation provides an effective method for
understanding users and the psychology behind them buying a product.
Using them results in better products and improved marketing messages.
A great starting point is to consider psychographic attributes, such
as interests and hobbies, attitudes and opinions, and lifestyle
factors. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

DESIGNING DIGITAL PRODUCTS FOR OLDER ADULTS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/designing-digital-products-for-older?utm_source=tldrdesign]


By 2050, adults over 60 will comprise 22% of the U.S. population. A
mindset that considers the cognitive, physical, and social changes
associated with aging is required for building products for this
audience. This article lists the physical and cognitive impact of
aging and provides guidelines for designing with these constraints in
mind. 

8 STYLISH EXAMPLES OF NEWS WEB DESIGN (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://wf-blog-2021.webflow.io/blog/news-web-design?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Digital platforms brought a new level of flexibility in content
consumption but also presented challenges for designers who now need
to consider an endless range of devices and contexts. This showcase
demonstrates how to tackle different audiences and reading experiences
through examples from a list of eight news websites. 

SPIRAL ART GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://spirals.vercel.app/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

The Spiral Art Generator is an AI-powered tool that generates spiral
art based on prompts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

ACCESSIBLE BUT NEVER BORING - PART 1 (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/transferwise-design/accessible-but-never-boring-part-1-ec8222f1f364?utm_source=tldrdesign]


There‚Äôs a misconception that making a product accessible means
sacrificing the visual design. Advanced Perceptual Contrast Algorithm
(APCA) is a new color-picking method that isn‚Äôt required by law yet,
but it is widely believed to be a more sophisticated tool than WCAG 2.
This is because it matches more closely how people perceive colors and
takes into account typography weight and styles. 

CRAFTING IDENTITY THROUGH TYPOGRAPHY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://pangrampangram.com/blogs/journal/a-chat-with-omse?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Setting a typeface goes far beyond just considering aesthetics. It
requires finding a typeface that harmonizes with the theme behind a
project. This article offers a glimpse into the transformative power
of type. 

GET IT SHIPPED ‚Äî BUILDING BETTER RELATIONSHIPS WITH DEVS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://articles.redesigningdesign.systems/get-it-shipped-building-better-relationships-with-devs-9e1c8966825?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Although designers and developers work following the same scope, they
sometimes have different goals. That could be due to integration
issues. Another common reason is a lack of communication and a
difference in their abilities to listen and compromise when necessary.


‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE REDESIGNED GOOGLE WEATHER APP HAS STARTED TO ROLL OUT (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.androidpolice.com/google-weather-redesign-rolling-out-b/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The Google Weather app is undergoing a full redesign to improve its
outdated UI. Some users have reported receiving the new Material You
redesign, which is not exclusive to Pixel devices and is also
available on phones from other brands. The redesign includes a
transparent navigation bar and a new look for the At a Glance widget. 

THESE ARE THE COOL NEW FEATURES YOU‚ÄôLL ACTUALLY USE IN IOS 17 (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lifewire.com/cool-ios-17-features-7972037?utm_source=tldrdesign]


iOS 17 is an update with lots of small but useful tweaks. The
‚Äúnightstand mode‚Äù is a feature that turns a charging iPhone into a
bedside clock - it encourages iPhone users to charge their devices
overnight and start their days with a full battery. Interactive
widgets, adaptive audio, and AI-powered autocorrect are other
stand-out improvements. 

UBER EATS TO USE AI FEATURES TO ENHANCE USER EXPERIENCE (1 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.edgemiddleeast.com/business/uber-eats-to-use-ai-features-to-enhance-user-experience?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The new Sales Aisle section in the Uber Eats app will make discounts
and deals more evident. Uber is expanding its accepted payments and
will accept waivers from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Programme, which offers cash benefits for food purchases. These
updates should be available within the next few months. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7fc35fd2-5923-11ee-b133-4dadf15fb02b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695384062&t=1695384273&s=bc241527f6370ee9eb0d8bd5b8d68fd66d09d748937165fdc0d8a367e4d6bc71].