# Articles TLDR Design 25-09-2023

Meta is planning to launch a generative AI chatbot named "Gen AI
Personas" aimed at younger users¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=8b5a15a6-5b81-11ee-b3ad-311c2ec1ef7e&pt=campaign&t=1695643541&s=1a06b1ac044fab0d7003ae2ce61a5332368ab27009fd80152e6a44a40605de90]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-25

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

META‚ÄôS AI CHATBOT PLAN INCLUDES A ‚ÄòSASSY ROBOT‚Äô FOR YOUNGER
USERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/9/24/23887773/meta-ai-chatbots-gen-ai-personas-young?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Meta is planning to launch a generative AI chatbot named "Gen AI
Personas" aimed at younger users. These chatbots will come in various
personas designed to engage young users with colorful behavior. 

MACOS SONOMA LAUNCHING THIS WEEK WITH THESE NEW FEATURES (5 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.macrumors.com/2023/09/24/macos-sonoma-launch-date-and-features/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

macOS Sonoma is scheduled to be released on Tuesday, September 25 with
new features and improvements. These include desktop widgets, game
mode, web apps in the dock, new screen savers and wallpapers, Safari
profiles, and many more. 

FRAMER LAUNCHES ACADEMY (WEBSITE)
[https://www.framer.com/academy/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Framer is rolling out a new channel with lessons and courses to help
its users master the platform. The content is organized into design,
navigation, effects, CMS, and more. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

THE AI ERA OF COMPUTING IS STILL IN THE DESIGN PHASE (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90956036/the-ai-era-of-computing-is-still-in-the-design-phase?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Chat-based interfaces dominate the AI landscape, but text prompts
don't cover the richness of human expression and communication. Tone
of voice, posture, and gestures should be considered as inputs,
improving the collaboration between algorithms and humans. 

GET IT SHIPPED ‚Äî BUILDING BETTER RELATIONSHIPS WITH DEVS (6 MINUTE
READ)
[https://articles.redesigningdesign.systems/get-it-shipped-building-better-relationships-with-devs-9e1c8966825?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Establishing a good relationship with developers boils down to three
essential things ‚Äî collaboration, communication, and respect.
Developers should be involved early in the design process and way
before the handover. They should be involved in the design feedback
sessions. Designers should be willing to compromise on their designs
and ideas. 

THE DESIGN SYSTEM ECOSYSTEM (25 MINUTE READ)
[https://bradfrost.com/blog/post/the-design-system-ecosystem/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Over the years, the digital product landscape has become vastly more
complex, the responsibilities of design systems have grown
substantially, tooling has evolved and matured, and processes &
organizational structures for managing digital products have grown up.
The design system ecosystem of a complex organization takes the form
of a delicious yet dense layer cake. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

FREE BOOKS TO BUILD BETTER PRODUCTS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.eleken.co/books?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Six free books that reveal the best methods and techniques from the
front lines of SaaS UI/UX design. Although not only written for
designers, they include lessons on how to align design with business
goals, UX research guidelines, remote work, and design processes. 

GENERATE UI COMPONENTS (WEBSITE)
[https://clone-ui.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Clone UI uses Tailwind CSS to generate components with simple prompts.


GENERATE CONTENT WITH AI IN FIGMA (FIGMA PLUGIN)
[https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1208279655592025559/relume-ipsum?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Leave Lorem Ipsum in the past by leveraging some AI magic. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

NAVIGATING CHAOS: DESIGNING FOR A THREE-BODY PROBLEM (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/navigating-chaos-designing-for-a-three-body-problem-eedb5abec60e?utm_source=tldrdesign]

In the era of generative AI, UX designers must navigate complexity
while ensuring user-friendliness. This article explores their role as
guides through the chaos of generative responses, drawing inspiration
from the enigmatic three-body problem analogy, where interactions can
be as complex and unpredictable as celestial bodies. 

ANONYMOUS ART COLLECTIVE SHINES A LIGHT ON OUR ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.printmag.com/designer-profiles/luzinterruptus-shines-a-light-on-environmental-impact/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Luzinterruptus is an anonymous art collective that uses light to bring
attention to environmental and social issues. Its most impactful
projects include a representation of the plastic surplus infesting
cities around the globe, a dystopian future of the moon, and an
installation that invites visitors to visualize the pattern of a
cracked and dried Earth. 

THE FIVE MOST COMMON ARGUMENTS AGAINST USER TESTING (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://dataanddesign.substack.com/p/the-5-most-common-arguments-against?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Designers can only design what users need through user testing.
However, tight budgets and a lack of product culture present obstacles
for many companies. There are usually five reasons why stakeholders
and product leaders refuse to run user testing. This article outlines
them and shows how to overcome each. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

A MOBILE-ONLY GRID (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://chriscoyier.net/2023/09/22/a-mobile-only-grid/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Chris Coyier explores a slightly unusual way to rearrange the layout
of a website. It‚Äôs not supported yet by the major browsers, but that
will change soon with the release of Safari 17. 

SKETCHBATTLE: "THE FIGHT CLUB OF DESIGN" (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.core77.com/posts/125823/Sketchbattle-The-Fight-Club-of-Design?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Twice a year, Detroit hosts Middlecott Sketchbattle, a party with
pumping music in a cavernous space where designers crank out
automotive renderings. Known as the "The Fight Club of design," the
event invites twenty designers to compete against the clock and each
other. The sketching and rendering are old-school only, with no
technological assistance. 

THE SURVEY FOR STATE OF HTML 2023 IS OUT (WEBSITE)
[https://survey.devographics.com/en-US/survey/state-of-html/2023?utm_source=tldrdesign]

After the State of JavaScript and the State of CSS, it's time for the
State of HTML. Registration is open for the survey to measure
awareness of new HTML features and browser APIs and help developers
track how their usage is evolving. The final report will help browser
vendors prioritize their roadmaps and work towards better
compatibility. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=8b5a15a6-5b81-11ee-b3ad-311c2ec1ef7e&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1695643289&t=1695643541&s=0be7d02c6aafd15cf1b07e08694751f466f65f5b55ec5900f963a8015ea0a02d].