# Articles TLDR Design 06-09-2023

Former Global Head of Design at Expedia Group, Rachel Kobetz, has
joined PayPal as Senior Vice President and Chief Design Officer¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=22111124-4c74-11ee-b875-5f69216a567b&pt=campaign&t=1694001968&s=e99d3d2426c41a70d772acecda6fa9a976fbb6a2951e4264158b2b0789cd4240]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-06

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

PAYPAL HAS A NEW CHIEF DESIGN OFFICER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://newsroom.paypal-corp.com/2023-09-05-Rachel-Kobetz-Joins-PayPal-as-Chief-Design-Officer?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Former Global Head of Design at Expedia Group, Rachel Kobetz, has
joined PayPal as Senior Vice President and Chief Design Officer (CDO).
The new executive will be responsible for the design strategy and
execution at scale across all end-to-end experiences for consumers,
merchants, developers, and employees globally. 

DESIGN SYSTEMS: SURVIVING TURBULENT TIMES (WEBINAR)
[https://zeroheight.com/webinars/design-systems-surviving-turbulent-times/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Zeroheight is hosting a free webinar on September 12th that will teach
attendees how to shield their design system in times of uncertainty
and economic downturns. Become a better advocate, navigate budget
cuts, and improve documentation skills. 

APPLE DENIES LOW DEVELOPER INTEREST IN VISION PRO (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://9to5mac.com/2023/09/04/developer-interest-in-vision-pro/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A report from last month claimed that the developer workshops for
Apple‚Äôs Vision Pro headset were very poorly attended. Developers
have mixed expectations about Apple‚Äôs new product, considering it a
risky investment. Apple denies these claims and says that the
downloads of the SDK have exceeded its expectations. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHEN YOU START TO DOUBT YOURSELF, DESIGN FROM THE INSIDE OUT (13
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/when-you-start-to-doubt-yourself-design-from-the-inside-out-24d8b14ddafc?utm_source=tldrdesign]

What is your worth as a designer? What is your value? T. Robert Roeth
asks himself those questions in a personal look at his 25-year-long
career in design. Learn from his experience and see how his beliefs
turned out to be misbeliefs. 

PAYMENT METHOD UX: DESIGNING PAYMENT SELECTION (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://baymard.com/blog/payment-method-selection?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Research conducted by Baymard showed that 21% of e-commerce websites
have issues related to payment selection. However, there are easy wins
that lead to significant results. Learn why you should consider
offering more payment methods and updating buttons for third-party
payment options instead of redesigning your entire checkout. 

EQUIVALENT EXPERIENCE CAN CUT BOTH WAYS (17 MINUTE READ)
[https://ericwbailey.website/published/equivalent-experience-can-cut-both-ways/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The term ‚Äúequivalent experiences‚Äù is often used to communicate why
accessibility is important. It implies that the experience should be
the same for everyone. A closer look at Google‚Äôs use of the ‚Äúthree
dots‚Äù button unintentionally proves another, more subtle point the
phrase implies: poor design can confuse everyone. 

SETTING UP A DESIGN SYSTEM FROM SCRATCH (WEBSITE)
[https://thedesignsystem.guide/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This interactive guide covers everything relevant to building design
systems. It includes design audit, structure, design tokens,
collaboration, and metrics. A playbook completes the package,
outlining all the questions you should ask when creating a product
foundation. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

THE MACOS APP ICON BOOK (WEBSITE)
[https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/flarup/the-macos-app-icon-book?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A Kickstarter campaign was launched to fund an illustrated book about
macOS iconography. The book features hundreds of icons designers and
developers created over a decade. 

MAKING THE WORLD A BETTER PLACE FOR THE COLORBLIND (WEBSITE)
[https://wearecolorblind.com/resources/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

More than 300 million people are colorblind. Covering this audience is
a precious skill. This website brings several tools and resources to
ensure designers are paying attention to them. 

OPEN SOURCE COLLECTION OF DESIGN PRINCIPLES AND METHODS (WEBSITE)
[https://principles.design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Solid design principles are usually a common trait among good
products. Check out more than a thousand design principles based on
the best real-life examples. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE DATA DELIVERY CHECKLIST: PRINCIPLES TO DESIGN DATA PRODUCTS (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/the-data-delivery-checklist-principles-to-design-data-products-b644e2333467?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Data is a product, not a commodity. It is used by people, not
computers, so it should be designed, not built. Data delivery should
be available, informative, accurate, intuitive, and familiar. 

KILL YOUR PERSONAS (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/microsoft-design/kill-your-personas-1c332d4908cc?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A persona is not a person. 

TEN ADVANCED TIPS FOR A DESIGN PORTFOLIO (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/design-bridges/design-portfolio-88322e124791?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Even the best designers are susceptible to creating poor portfolios
that fail to represent them. In this case, the hiring managers are the
users, so designers need to create portfolios that are easy to scan,
focus on telling a story, keep the right balance of text and visuals,
and include the ‚Äúnon-fancy‚Äù stuff. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

WHAT TO EXPECT FROM WEB CONTENT ACCESSIBILITY GUIDELINES 2.2 (3 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.designweek.co.uk/issues/14-august-18-august-2023/wcag-version-2-2/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

When around 1.3 billion people experience significant disabilities,
standards are needed for more inclusive products. With WCAG's version
2.2, six new guidelines were released to improve digital experiences
for users with vision, motor, and cognitive disabilities. 

LET‚ÄôS MAKE A RUBBER BUTTON WITH HTML, CSS, AND SVG (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://cloudfour.com/thinks/rubber-button/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Tyler Sticka uses simple CSS and SVG animations to create a button
with a rubber-like animation on hover. 

A MANIFESTO BY CHRISTOPH NIEMANN ‚Äî TEN RULES FOR DRAWING FROM THE
ACCLAIMED ILLUSTRATOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://wepresent.wetransfer.com/stories/manifesto-christoph-niemann?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Featured in The New Yorker, National Geographic, and The New York
Times Magazine, Christoph Niemann's work ranges from ink illustrations
to clever conceptual drawings. Here's a list of the ten rules he
follows. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=22111124-4c74-11ee-b875-5f69216a567b&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694001618&t=1694001968&s=05e4e430a81b5ba54de69f3993e5bb0ca7031834af3c9fc889f5b0117a0faed8].