# Articles TLDR Design 02-10-2023

Framer has raised a $27M Series C funding round led by Meritech
Capital¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=12c60d02-60fe-11ee-95c6-870d1f571bce&pt=campaign&t=1696248236&s=1eed8811da10b16e01b2064ea3b7e21d5f7eec1f14cc48f2c24617b1e9bcf658]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-02

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

FRAMER‚ÄôS $27M SERIES C AND SHAPING THE FUTURE OF WEB DESIGN (2
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.framer.com/feed/series-c?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Framer has raised a $27M Series C funding round led by Meritech
Capital. The company plans to further scale up its product and
commercial teams with the new round, especially in Europe and the U.S.
That means introducing features for larger sites, like localization,
custom forms, and additional enterprise-level integrations. 

ZAPIER LAUNCHES CANVAS, AN AI-POWERED FLOWCHART TOOL (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/28/zapier-launches-canvas-an-ai-powered-flowchart-tool/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Zapier has been moving to offer its customers more complex
integrations and workflow automation. The company's new tool, Canvas,
helps its users plan and diagram their business-critical processes.
Canvas is powered by AI, allowing users to explain the problem they
want to be solved and then have the service generate a process for
them. 

META INTRODUCES NEW AI EXPERIENCES ACROSS ITS FAMILY OF APPS AND
DEVICES (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://about.fb.com/news/2023/09/introducing-ai-powered-assistants-characters-and-creative-tools/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Meta is starting to roll out AI stickers across its apps. Users will
soon be able to edit their images or even co-create them with friends
on Instagram using the new AI editing tools, restyle, and backdrop.
Meta is also launching beta versions of 28 AIs with unique interests
and personalities. Some are played by cultural icons and influencers,
including Snoop Dogg, Tom Brady, Kendall Jenner, and Naomi Osaka. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

A GUIDE TO PROTOTYPING AUTOMOTIVE INTERFACES (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theturnsignalblog.com/blog/guide-to-prototyping-automotive-interfaces/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The car industry still needs to catch up in prototyping adoption. This
article reinforces the required mindset, recommended tools, and the
process for testing automotive interfaces. 

THE CHALLENGE TO HUMAN CREATIVITY: CAN AI SURPASS HUMANS IN DIVERGENT
THINKING? (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/the-challenge-to-human-creativity?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A new study by Koivisto and Grassini compares human and AI creativity
using the gold standard test of divergent thinking. Over 200
participants were tested against three AI chatbots - ChatGPT3,
ChatGPT4, and Copy.Ai. The findings indicate that current AI surpasses
average human creative production. However, highly creative humans can
still compete by making surprising connections between concepts. 

ADPLIST REJECTED ME AS A MENTOR DESPITE A 25+ YEAR CAREER IN DESIGN (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@baswallet/adplist-rejected-me-as-a-mentor-despite-a-25-year-career-in-design-5cbd28a01785?utm_source=tldrdesign]

People from feminine countries usually undersell themselves because
humbleness is a virtue while those from masculine countries might
oversell themselves because of their competitive nature. This can have
a significant impact on designer‚Äôs careers, promotions,
opportunities, and generally how well they work with others. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

BEAUTIFUL SCREEN RECORDINGS IN MINUTES (WEBSITE)
[https://www.screen.studio/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Screen Studio makes your screen recordings look beautiful. The tool
automatically offers innovative zoom capabilities, has high-quality
effects, and counts with an intuitive and easy-to-use editing mode.
Several branding and style customizations are also available. 

AI-POWERED SCREENSHOTS (WEBSITE)
[https://fabric.so/screenshot-ai?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Connect your iOS screenshots folder and let the magic happen. This
AI-powered tool understands, organizes, and makes screenshots easily
searchable. 

ANIMATED BACKGROUNDS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.tella.tv/animated-background?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Animated backgrounds are a fun way to make your content more engaging
but they‚Äôre hard to make. This collection of free 4k looping
animated backgrounds is a great starting point for your next project. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

MAKING TIME FOR PRODUCT DISCOVERY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://jeffgothelf.com/blog/making-time-for-product-discovery/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Shipping software to production, regardless of whether it delivers any
value to its users, is the norm in most organizations. That reality
makes it difficult for product teams to justify to their stakeholders
that more time needs to be spent on discovery. Jeff Gothelf proposes a
smart move, putting a key question in the center of each sprint. Once
the focus changes from what needs to be built to what needs to be
learned, discovery becomes a necessity. 

THE CAPTIVATING GRADIENTS AND FLUID MOTION IN DIDEM YAGCI‚ÄôS WALL
SCULPTURES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://designyoutrust.com/2023/09/the-captivating-gradients-and-fluid-motion-in-didem-yagcis-wall-sculptures/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Didem Yagci is the Plywood Picasso. Her work transforms layered
plywood panels into mesmerizing wall sculptures that brighten any
space. Known as the "Monarch of Hues" on Instagram, the artist's
enchanting creations use gradients and fluid shapes to dive into a
world of depth and dimension. 

ACCESSIBLE FIGMA DESIGNS JUST GOT EASIER (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/accessible-figma-designs-just-got-easier-ben-truelove/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Focus Order is a Figma plugin by Microsoft‚Äôs Design team that helps
designers create designs for keyboarding and screen reader users. The
plugin now integrates with component libraries so that components can
be annotated faster. Links to the code documentation are included. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

THE DOS AND DON'TS OF VISUAL TESTING (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.techtarget.com/searchsoftwarequality/tip/The-dos-and-donts-of-visual-testing?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Not paying attention to how things look can considerably affect the
bottom line. Visual testing needs detailed specifications, thoughtful
planning that includes static and dynamic modes, and methods for
covering edge cases. 

HUSTLE CULTURE FOR DESIGNERS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://oykun.com/hustle-culture-for-designers-0/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Hustle culture is about working long hours and pushing yourself to the
limit as the path to success. It's not sustainable in practice. Being
driven by curiosity, interest, and even some obsession can be an
alternative that better fits the way designers operate. 

ADDING CURSORS TO STUFF FOR BETTER UX (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://gomakethings.com/adding-cursors-to-stuff-for-better-ux/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

You might have noticed that not every interactive element gets a
cursor by default. You can quickly add that behavior to any element by
using a few lines of CSS. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=12c60d02-60fe-11ee-95c6-870d1f571bce&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696248019&t=1696248236&s=a39c539bb011451e2d282c5320be239ba003ac4f1f163b96cfcb6d62b2a5f17a].