# Articles TLDR Design 11-09-2023

The Google Fonts website has grown to include over 1,500 font families
in over 1,000 languages and more than 6,000 Material Symbols¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=db56a776-5074-11ee-85d5-f157b05cba73&pt=campaign&t=1694433872&s=6cb7d135a4eb621728cb9958db485c4263fa78723d2242cedcdf9f560a771a29]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-09-11

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

THE NEW GOOGLE FONTS: FIND WHAT YOU‚ÄôRE LOOKING FOR (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://material.io/blog/2023-google-fonts-redesign?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Over the past 10 years, the Google Fonts website has grown to include
over 1,500 font families in over 1,000 languages and more than 6,000
Material Symbols. The latest redesign brings a new site navigation, an
improved mobile experience, a sidebar for searching and filtering, and
a new color palette for light and dark modes. 

NEW TRENDS IN ACCESSIBILITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/new-trends-in-accessibility-ec306a51c170?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Recent years have witnessed remarkable advancements in accessibility
practices driven by technological innovation and a growing awareness
of the importance of inclusivity. With that, new ways technology can
increase accessibility are forming, like personalized support powered
by AI-powered assistive technologies, gesture recognition on mobile
devices, and AR and VR simulations for accessibility testing. 

WE SURVEYED 1,093 RESEARCHERS ABOUT HOW THEY USE AI (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.userinterviews.com/blog/ai-in-ux-research-report?&utm_source=designernews]


Based on 1,000+ survey responses from User Researchers, ReOps
Specialists, and other research professionals, this article reveals
the role of AI in UX research. The study investigated the most popular
analysis use cases, researchers' most significant concerns, data
limitations, most used tools, expectations, and other relevant
aspects. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

FROM DATA-DRIVEN TO DECISION-DRIVEN (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/from-data-driven-to-decision-driven-bac9a8842423?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The past decade has seen a race for more and more data. If we just had
perfect information, we‚Äôd make the right decision. This has often
been described as being data-rich, but insight-poor. This problem is
not about finding answers in the data or chasing targets, it‚Äôs about
navigating the unknowns, asking the right questions, and fostering
emergence. 

WHEN AND HOW TO ASK FOR A SALARY RAISE AS A PRODUCT DESIGNER (4 MINUTE
READ)
[https://uxplanet.org/the-art-of-negotiation-when-and-how-to-ask-for-a-salary-raise-as-a-product-designer-d8ecf0f8cb0c]


Strategies for successfully advocating for fair compensation and
professional growth as a product designer. Timing is crucial for
salary negotiations, and it's essential to gather supporting evidence,
research market rates, articulate your value proposition, prepare for
the negotiation, maintain professionalism and flexibility, and follow
up to navigate this process successfully. 

THE ROLE OF PERSONALITY AND COGNITIVE ABILITY IN THE MEASUREMENT OF
USABILITY (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxpsychology.substack.com/p/the-role-of-personality-and-cognitive?utm_source=tldrdesign]


A study with 972 participants, published in the Journal of Usability
Studies, revealed that cognitive ability did not significantly impact
the subjective usability assessment. The same was not true for
personality traits. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

MATERIAL‚ÄôS GUIDE FOR BETTER TRANSITIONS (5 MINUTE READ)
[https://m3.material.io/styles/motion/transitions/applying-transitions?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Well-designed transitions should have these characteristics: they
follow accessibility settings, are consistent, don‚Äôt cause content
shifting or jarring jumps, have a unified direction of movement, and
use clean fades. 

ALL THE COLOR TOOLS YOU NEED IN A SINGLE APP (WEBSITE)
[https://hexee.app/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Hexee presents itself with the ambitious goal of replacing all the
other color tools. Its features include contrast checking, color
blindness verification, palette management, and gradient creation. 

UX-RESEARCH METHODS: GLOSSARY (WEBSITE)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/research-methods-glossary/] 

UX research requires knowledge and understanding of many jargon terms.
Use this glossary as a reference as you delve into research. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

APPLE VS. META: THE ILLUSION OF PRIVACY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://growth.design/case-studies/apple-privacy-policy?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Meta‚Äôs Threads is a privacy nightmare. Among many other things, it
collects voice and sound recordings and data on ethnicity, sexual
orientation, pregnancy, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetics,
biometrics, credit score, salary, income, and assets. The worst part
is that Meta camouflaged this behind the ‚ÄúHow Threads Works‚Äù
screen. 

THE DANGERS OF DECEPTIVE DESIGN PATTERNS AND HOW TO AVOID THEM (8
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.webdesignerdepot.com/deceptive-design-patterns/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


The rise of UX dark patterns poses a significant challenge to
maintaining an ethical and user-centric approach in the industry.
These tactics breach trust as they are designed to lead users into
making unintended decisions. They are often meticulously crafted to
appear as beneficial features, making them more insidious and potent. 

REDISCOVERING THE JOY OF DESIGN (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2023/09/rediscovering-joy-happiness-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Pratik Joglekar takes a philosophical approach to remind designers
about the lost joy within themselves by effectively placing massive
importance on mindfulness, introspection, and looking forward. Without
joy, the work we do would feel meaningless. Five principles that can
bring back joy are purpose, devotion, ideals, intention, and
gratitude. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

ARTISTS SIGN OPEN LETTER SAYING GENERATIVE AI IS GOOD, ACTUALLY (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/07/artists-sign-open-letter-saying-generative-ai-is-good-actually/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


AI seems to impact the creative industry disproportionally. However, a
group of artists has written an open letter to Congress, stating that
the technology is not so threatening. That's a curious position since
AI continues to leverage artists' work for commercial gain without
their consent, offering no compensation. The article includes an
edited snippet of the letter. 

ADOBE‚ÄôS DANA RAO DOESN‚ÄôT WANT YOU TO GET DUPED BY AI (2 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.fastcompany.com/90949619/adobe-dana-rao-doesnt-want-you-to-get-duped-by-ai?utm_source=tldrdesign]


Content Authenticity Initiative is an Adobe-led group that aims to
give online images a kind of nutrition label. Dana Rao, one of the
members of Adobe's general counsel, wants to enable users to analyze
any AI-generated image, giving them access to data about its origins.
The group seeks to expand and include more companies since the effort
will only be successful if the industry agrees on standards to prevent
viral deepfakes, amongst many other AI-related social issues. 

MAZE'S DISCO CONF 2023 (WEBSITE)
[https://maze.co/discoconf/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

Disc Conf 2023 is now open for registration. Product experts from
Google, Notion, Figma, Microsoft, and Shopify will share their
thoughts on discovery, design, and research on September 19th. The
event is free and includes recordings. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=db56a776-5074-11ee-85d5-f157b05cba73&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1694433653&t=1694433872&s=2e4a203aba7c8af2b96aea03b706d32eba3edcdcf641542bcd7401393fbfde88].