# Articles TLDR Design 29-08-2023

AIs potential is often exaggerated. It likely wont revolutionize every
product.¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7594ca4c-464e-11ee-83a5-93ba277c7695&pt=campaign&t=1693310673&s=e4073cf6b64600e5d98287af57fee53ea4c33ed90bd351a945fecdb4e9b57ea9]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-08-29

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

HOW AI WILL TRANSFORM THE UX OF ANALYTICS & PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT (6
MINUTE READ)
[https://arpyd.medium.com/how-ai-will-transform-the-ux-of-analytics-performance-measurement-837425af592e]

AI's potential is often exaggerated. It likely won't revolutionize
every product. Nevertheless, AI stands to revolutionize analytics and
performance measurement products, enhancing user experience by
providing precise, contextual insights for better business decisions. 

5 THINGS I LEARNED AS A PRODUCT DESIGNER: A 10-YEAR JOURNEY AT AMAZON,
WALMART, AND STARTUPS (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/5-things-i-learned-as-a-product-designer-a-10-year-journey-at-amazon-walmart-and-startups-21e44b5f8ced?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A designer shares the most vital learnings from their 10-year career:
designers need to have an iterative mindset, build relationships,
think long-term and beyond the MVP, stay curious and ask dumb
questions, and continue to learn and embrace new technologies. 

STATE OF CSS: 2023 (WEBSITE)
[https://2023.stateofcss.com/en-US?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This year's edition of the State of CSS is out! Based on a survey with
9,190 developers worldwide, it decodes a hectic year. Understand the
most used tools, features, frameworks, and much more. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW STORYTELLING TURNS DIGITAL DESIGNS INTO EMOTION (6 MINUTE READ)
[https://medium.com/@fabicorvini90/how-storytelling-turns-digital-designs-into-emotion-7b6fed892563]

In the realm of product design, the fusion of storytelling and
technology creates captivating user experiences. Narratives
emotionally connect users with products, as seen in Spotify's music
journey or Airbnb's accommodation narratives. This approach transforms
interactions, enhances user experiences, and establishes strong brand
identities. 

CREATING COLOR SYSTEMS AND MODES USING FIGMA VARIABLES IN 5 STEPS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://nucleusui.substack.com/p/creating-color-systems-and-modes-figma-variables]

This article discusses the use of variables in Figma for the color
system and modes in the design system starter kit. Discover how to use
Figma variables to establish a color system and modes and gain
insights on how semantic color variables can enhance design clarity,
readability, and the creation of balanced color palettes for different
modes. 

TACTILE INTO DESIGNING WITH GENERATIVE AI (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://design-milk.com/promptac-designing-with-generative-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Is prompting still far away from mimicking human conversation? Adding
tactile controls to the equation might be the missing element.
Proposed for the Royal College of Art Graduate Show in London, this
new interface one day might allow designers to physically manipulate
textures and materials using the power of AI. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

WEB UX: STUDY GUIDE (WEBSITE)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/web-ux-study-guide/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

An exhaustive resource for insights on how users interact with the web
and how to design better web user experiences. It includes guides for
viewing behaviors, link usability, navigation, searching, web design
trends, and web e-commerce. 

COLOR PALETTES FROM THE WORLD'S GREATEST ARTISTS (WEBSITE)
[https://colorlisa.com/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Of course, they've also mastered colors! Check out the color palettes
used in famous paintings by the best artists of all time. 

250+ STUNNING FLAG ICONS (WEBSITE)
[https://flagpack.xyz/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

This open-source flag icon set is all you need to become the ultimate
cosmopolitan designer. Download the optimized version for Sketch or
Figma. Or install and use with just a few lines of code. Available for
React, Vue, and Svelte. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

HOW DUOLINGO REIGNITED USER GROWTH (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lennysnewsletter.com/p/how-duolingo-reignited-user-growth?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Jorge Mazal, former CPO of Duolingo, tells the story behind a 4.5x
growth. For a mature product, that's a lot. Learn about the app's
innovative growth model and how small changes led to massive outcomes.


WHEN TO AVOID ONBOARDING (8 MINUTE READ)
[https://ilyabirman.net/meanwhile/all/onboarding/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Most onboarding flows are about confirmation windows and blocking
messages. That's bad design. Users will learn the best when the
context is appropriate. In that sense, onboarding could prevent you
from identifying where and when to communicate with users. 

EUROPEAN ACCESSIBILITY ACT: WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW (11 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.craigabbott.co.uk/blog/european-accessibility-act-what-you-need-to-know/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The deadline is set for 2025, and the proposed changes will
considerably impact websites and applications in Europe. If your
company sells to EU customers, it must comply with the new law. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

BROWSE WEBSITES BY FONTS (WEBSITE)
[https://maxibestof.one/typefaces?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A gallery of websites categorized by the fonts they use. Also comes
with common font pairings and alternatives. 

HYPER-MODERNIST MOVIE POSTERS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.michalkrasnopolski.com/#/classic-movies/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A circle overlaid by two diagonals, all inscribed in a square. Nothing
else. Period. And still, we bet you'll be able to recognize some
redesigned movie posters. 

ADAPTING ILLUSTRATIONS TO DARK MODE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.simonfarshid.com/adapting-illustrations-to-dark-mode?utm_source=tldrdesign]

CSS can help adjust images and illustrations on a website when
switched to dark mode. Two things are key: inverting the background
color but preserving the hues of the other colors. The invert function
from CSS filter effects, combined with the hue-rotate function does
the trick. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=7594ca4c-464e-11ee-83a5-93ba277c7695&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1693310443&t=1693310673&s=ae7405f97752acd842a112de52a3a6f00e40872e2715fde2500384d86bcfd59c].