# Articles TLDR Design 16-10-2023

Passwords have gotten increasingly complicated as tech makes them
easier to break¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fa6d621c-6c03-11ee-a0fd-0746ab8bf782&pt=campaign&t=1697457904&s=99cb1dbaef3ac3c9f563259353c06828293f4d7c06825ccede6b07c029ae6b4f]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-16

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

 GOOGLE MAKES IT MUCH EASIER TO DITCH YOUR PASSWORDS BY DEFAULT (1
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.lifewire.com/google-makes-passkeys-default-8349574?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Passwords have gotten increasingly complicated as tech makes them
easier to break, but passkeys rely on biometrics, which means they're
more secure. A passkey can be a fingerprint, face scan, or pin number
that is used in place of a password. According to Google's blog post
announcing the change, "they are 40% faster than passwords ‚Äî and
rely on a type of cryptography that makes them more secure." 

 X‚ÄôS NEW HOME ICON FRUSTRATES DESIGNERS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativebloq.com/news/X-home-icon-redesign-fail?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 X has faced backlash for replacing its classic birdhouse home icon
with an off-center house design. Designers criticized the new icon's
asymmetry and pixelation. The redesign is one of several changes since
the rebrand, leading to mixed reactions from users. 

 META QUEST 3 ‚Äî EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW(4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.tomsguide.com/news/oculus-quest-3-release-date-rumors-specs-news?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 The Meta Quest 3 is now available for purchase, featuring upgrades
like full-color video passthrough and mixed reality capabilities.
While it's priced $200 higher than the Quest 2, it offers a slimmer
design, a more powerful processor, and improved controllers. 

üöÄ 

OPINIONS & TUTORIALS

 SHISHIR MEHROTRA‚ÄôS 10 RULES FOR LEADING GREAT TEAM MEETINGS (3
MINUTE READ)
[https://www.figma.com/blog/team-meetings-with-shishir-mehrotra?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Coda Co-founder and CEO Shishir Mehrotra explains why the best
product teams often put as much care into how the work gets done as
what product gets shipped. Mehrotra provides insights into different
types of meetings and rituals, such as cadence meetings, catalyst
meetings, and context meetings, to improve team productivity and
engagement. 

 THE NEGATIVE IMPACT OF MOBILE-FIRST WEB DESIGN ON DESKTOP (14 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/content-dispersion/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Mobile-first web designs cause significant usability issues when
viewed on a desktop. The content becomes overly dispersed across long
scrolling pages with expansive white space and enlarged images and
fonts, making it difficult for users to consume and understand the
information. 

 UNVEILING THE POWER OF VISION WORKSHOPS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://adamfard.com/blog/vision-workshop-exercises?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 A Vision Workshop is more than just a brainstorm. It's a method that
challenges participants to envision beyond the present constraints and
turns their expansive visions into practical, actionable plans. This
article outlines four distinct phases and a related Figma template. 

üíª 

LAUNCHES & TOOLS

 DESIGN AND PUBLISH 3D AND ANIMATED SITES WITHOUT CODE (WEBSITE)
[https://www.dora.run/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Dora is a no-code platform that allows creators to design and publish
websites that rely heavily on 3D and animation. Based on keyframes, a
concept popularized by Adobe After Effects, the tool enables users to
build professional-looking interactive elements much faster. Dora is
currently in alpha and it's free. 

 MOTION DESIGN MADE SIMPLE (WEBSITE) [https://bit.ly/46uZ5Og] 

 Jitter is an animation tool for designing on-brand animated UIs,
social media posts, websites, apps, and interactive logos. The
platform has collaboration at its heart, facilitating engineering
handoff and allowing marketers to edit text and media. Jitter also
integrates with Figma. 

 DESIGN TO CODE. AUTOMATED. (WEBSITE)
[https://www.builder.io/m/design-to-code?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Builder.io converts Figma designs into clean React, Vue, Svelte, and
HTML code in real time. Powered by AI, the platform enables users to
refine the resulting code with prompts. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

 HEY, COMPUTER, MAKE ME A FONT (7 MINUTE READ)
[https://serce.me/posts/02-10-2023-hey-computer-make-me-a-font?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 FontoGen takes in a font description and produces a font file. This
post reveals the process of building generative ML models from scratch
and teaching the computer to make fonts. 

 A GUIDE FOR CALCULATING DESIGN SYSTEM COSTS (12 MINUTE READ)
[https://thedesignsystem.guide/blog/a-guide-for-calculating-design-system-costs?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Much is said about the value of a design system, but how much do they
cost? This incredible deep dive into the math involved features
guidelines, formulas, spreadsheets, case studies, and tools to help
you assess this valuable investment. 

 DEFINING UX-CAREER PROGRESSION: WHAT PRACTITIONERS SAY (7 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/career-progression-practitioners/?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 UX career progression is not singularly defined, though it typically
involves a mix of measurable signals and gut feelings. Growth in the
industry is often described as slow and inflexible due to a lack of
consistent, measurable criteria and reliable personal-tracking tools. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

 ENDING THE SEAT AT THE TABLE DEBATE (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://hvpandya.com/seat-at-the-table?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Designers don't spend enough time helping identify problems in the
day-to-day business world. So, why should they have that seat at the
table? Taking responsibility for results must be part of the
designer's job, including funnel metrics, sales targets, and user
retention numbers. 

 USE THIS PROCESS TO SOURCE HIGH-QUALITY RESEARCH PARTICIPANTS (5
MINUTE READ)
[https://dscout.com/people-nerds/process-source-quality-research-participants?utm_source=tldrdesign]


 Regarding user research, low-quality participation can lead to
uninformed and uninspired findings or, worse, lead product teams down
the wrong path. Quality participant characteristics include people who
display authenticity, communicate well, and are expressive and
thoughtful. Best practices are also involved, like organizing
reasonable screening activities, setting clear expectations, and
offering a positive research experience. 

 AMAZON‚ÄôS RECIPE FOR DESIGN-TO-DEV (WORKSHOP)
[https://zeplin.io/events/webinar-amazon/?utm_source=tldrdesign] 

 Zeplin will host a new workshop featuring Adam Warner, Principal UX
Designer at Amazon, to discuss design-to-dev collaboration and the
complexities involved. The free webinar happens on October 24th. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=fa6d621c-6c03-11ee-a0fd-0746ab8bf782&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1697457713&t=1697457904&s=98d0be7edb066890caa0fcd641ec0420b6b79ac1381a74f80410ec70c98951ac].