# Articles TLDR Design 09-10-2023

Webflow is rolling out a new logo and a revamped brand identity¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=ab655b10-6687-11ee-98ba-b1792db4670f&pt=campaign&t=1696853248&s=270b7f48e1f0a33b5f100f6c5dc4585dabb24221ec694a1efe64e6566f0f64fe]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-09

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

MEET THE NEW WEBFLOW (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://wf-blog-2021.webflow.io/blog/meet-the-new-webflow?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Webflow is rolling out a new logo and a revamped brand identity. The
new logo was inspired by the core building blocks of the web ‚Äî HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript. The branding update follows a series of product
enhancements announced at the company's annual event, Webflow Conf
2023. 

HOW TO USE THE NEW MESSAGES FEATURES IN IOS 17 (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/23906072/apple-ios-17-iphone-messages-how-tol?utm_source=tldrdesign]

iOS 17 brings several new features to Messages, including automatic
transcription of audio messages, the Check-In feature for sharing ETA
with contacts, improved search with multiple filters, and better
organization of apps within Messages. It also introduces a convenient
arrow to resume conversations where you left off, simplified location
sharing with real-time updates, and the ability to automatically
delete verification codes for added security. 

ADOBE TEASES NEW AI PHOTO EDITING TOOL THAT WILL ‚ÄòREVOLUTIONIZE‚Äô
ITS PRODUCTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/5/23904416/adobe-max-sneak-project-stardust-ai-photo-editing-tool?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Project Stardust is the codename for a new object-aware editing engine
that automatically identifies individual objects in regular images,
allowing them to be easily moved around and changed. A video included
in the post demonstrates how the tool identifies objects as if they
had been separated using Photoshop‚Äôs lasso tool, giving users the
option of manipulating them as if they were stored on a separate
layer. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

WHY SIDE PROJECTS ARE ESSENTIAL FOR CREATIVES‚ÄîAND EMPLOYERS SHOULD
EMBRACE THEM (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://jonas.do/writing/2023-10-05-side-projects/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A leaked internal memo from Shopify's CEO shows the company is
tightening its employee side projects policy. According to the
document, the behavior prevents employees from thinking and acting
like founders. However, side projects can be one of the most effective
ways of developing precisely that mindset. 

DESIGN AS CRAFT IS OVER (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://draganbabic.com/blog/design-as-craft-is-over/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

UI kits, ready-made design systems, and recent leaps forward in AI
have been pushing design work toward curation and direction rather
than creation. Design has become efficient and faster, and market
expectations have followed. We need to adapt accordingly. 

FROM TEMPLATE TO ATOMS (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://bradfrost.com/blog/link/from-template-to-atoms/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

People might interpret the five stages of atomic design as a sequence,
but that's a mistake. Atomic design is a mental model that provides a
structure to navigate between the parts and the whole of our UIs.
That's precisely why it can not be a linear process. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

ANIMATED BACKGROUNDS (WEBSITE)
[https://www.tella.tv/animated-background?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Check out this fantastic collection of looping 4K video backgrounds.
The backgrounds are free to download and use under the Creative
Commons license. 

A GOOGLE FONT DESIGNED FOR AUGMENTED REALITY ENVIRONMENTS (WEBSITE)
[https://fonts.google.com/specimen/AR+One+Sans?utm_source=tldrdesign]

AR One Sans is a new font on Google Fonts designed for AR
environments. The type family has low contrast, generous spacing, and
robust shapes, making it work well in busy backgrounds and keeping
high readability. 

MINIMAL GALLERY (WEBSITE)
[https://minimal.gallery/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A curation of beautiful, minimal, and functional websites. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

THE ELIZA EFFECT: WHY WE LOVE AI (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.nngroup.com/articles/eliza-effect-ai/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The ELIZA effect is when users quickly attribute human-like
characteristics to artificial systems that reflect their personality.
Such an effect might lead users to develop feelings towards AI agents.
However, the semblance of humanity may keep users from realizing how
to get the most use out of a product. 

SPECULATIVE DESIGN: POWERING PRODUCT DIRECTION WITH IMAGINATION (7
MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.logrocket.com/ux-design/speculative-design/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Speculative design emphasizes narratives and exploring the potential
or consequences of ideas. To come up with breakthrough concepts,
speculative design proposes moving away from conventional assumptions
and safe thinking. 

HERE‚ÄôS SOME FEEDBACK ON YOUR FEEDBACK (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.printmag.com/creative-voices/heres-some-feedback-on-your-feedback/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

‚ÄúThe feedback framework‚Äù asks three questions to help get more
meaningful feedback: What‚Äôs working? What‚Äôs not working? What‚Äôs
on your wishlist? The first question prevents people from giving only
negative feedback, the second question should be used for prioritizing
the most pressing things, and the third question should focus on the
ideal outcome. They can be used for getting feedback on work or
people. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

TWITTER/X'S REMOVAL OF LINK HEADLINES SLASHES SITE ACCESSIBILITY EVEN
FURTHER (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://mashable.com/article/x-accessibility-concerns-over-removed-headlines?utm_source=tldrdesign]

X has launched a new preview format for posted links in the past week
that removes headlines and subheaders and displays only an article's
header image framed by a watermark. The change introduced many
accessibility issues, especially for those who use assistive
technologies like screen readers and VoiceOver. 

GETTY IMAGES BUILT A ‚ÄúSOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE‚Äù AI TOOL THAT REWARDS
ARTISTS (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2023/10/getty-images-built-a-socially-responsible-ai-tool-that-rewards-artists/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A new AI tool by Getty Images uses only licensed data and will
gradually reward creators as the platform grows. Getty Images CEO
Craig Peters believes in building generative AI models in ways that
respect the intellectual property rights of artists and creators. 

INTRODUCING THE WEB SUSTAINABILITY GUIDELINES (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://css-irl.info/introducing-the-web-sustainability-guidelines/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

The Sustainable Web Design Community Group has just launched a draft
set of guidelines for designing and developing sustainable web
applications. Covering design, UX, front and back-end development, and
business strategies, these guidelines have been months in the making,
with contributions from experts and breakout groups from across the
industry. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=ab655b10-6687-11ee-98ba-b1792db4670f&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696852904&t=1696853248&s=873220457539f82e4fe180d0f664d3b7c70958b98daeb65f96d638e0533661d0].