# Articles TLDR Design 05-10-2023

Framer is rolling out new features that allow users to tailor website
content to many languages and regions¬† 

Sign Up [https://tldr.tech/design?utm_source=tldr]|Hire
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter]|Advertise
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=tldrdesign&utm_medium=newsletter]|View
Online
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/web-version?ep=1&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=095da38a-6354-11ee-97ae-8dc876487f94&pt=campaign&t=1696507661&s=15e11e4cf93a5fa29fd0f58dbe334f9368a7bf7edb91cb961ae121ea82d0dfb9]


		TLDR 

TLDR DESIGN 2023-10-05

üì± 

NEWS & TRENDS

FRAMER ANNOUNCES AI-POWERED LOCALIZATION (1 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.framer.com/updates/localization?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Framer is rolling out new features that allow users to tailor website
content to many languages and regions. Its AI-powered Localization
covers text, UI controls, images, and CMS Variables. A video
summarizing the new functionality is available. 

GMAIL IS GETTING EMOJI REACTIONS (2 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/3/23901717/gmail-emoji-reactions-android-ios?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Google is launching emoji reactions on its Gmail service. The feature
can be accessed via a new button next to Reply, Reply All, and
Forward. It will first be available to Android users and come to web
and iOS users over the next few months. 

CANVA‚ÄôS NEW AI TOOLS AUTOMATE BORING, LABOR-INTENSIVE DESIGN TASKS
(3 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.theverge.com/2023/10/4/23902794/canva-magic-studio-ai-design-new-tools?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Canva, as part of its 10th-anniversary celebration, has launched Magic
Studio, an AI-powered design suite aiming to make content creation
more accessible for everyone. The suite includes features like Magic
Switch for effortless design format transformations, Magic Media for
text-to-video conversion, and various photo editing tools. 

üöÄ 

STRATEGIES & TACTICS

HOW TO DESIGN CLIMATE-FRIENDLY EMAILS (9 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxdesign.cc/sustainable-email-design-fa9eb58610d8?utm_source=tldrdesign]

It costs energy to capture and store every email we send. The way to
climate-friendly emails is to send less of them, optimize static
assets, use AI sparingly, design emails for dark mode, use content
delivery networks (CDNs), and measure the carbon footprint of each
email. 

FRAMING EFFECT (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://growth.design/case-studies/framing-effect?utm_source=tldrdesign]

How information is presented shapes people's perceptions and
decisions. Most pricing psychology principles rely on the Framing
Effect and its related cognitive biases ‚Äî anchoring, social proof,
default bias, and loss aversion. The same price in a different context
can lead to different purchase behaviors. 

MOBILE TEXT EDITING: THE INVISIBLE PROBLEM (19 MINUTE READ)
[https://jenson.org/text/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Although it can be done, text editing on mobile isn't ok. The mobile
user experience of manipulating text overloads the tap gesture with a
wide range of actions, making it overly complicated and prone to
errors. There are workarounds like text handles, magnifiers, text
selectors, and popup menus, but none of them offers an equivalent
desktop experience. 

üßë‚Äçüíª 

RESOURCES & TOOLS

ACCESSIBLE UI COLOR PALETTE (FIGMA RESOURCE)
[https://www.figma.com/community/file/1287828769207775946?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Harmony offers highly consistent color shades and precise control over
text and UI element contrast. Based on the OKLCH color space and the
innovative APCA contrast algorithm, this Figma color palette includes
equal contrast within lightness groups, mirrored contrast pairs,
contrast levels for readability, and many other advanced features. 

CSS DATA VISUALIZATION FRAMEWORK (WEBSITE)
[https://chartscss.org/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Charts CSS uses CSS utility classes to style HTML elements as charts.
This open-source framework follows a semantic structure, is highly
customizable, and is built for responsiveness. Several chart elements
are available, like percentage columns, stacked columns, bar charts,
and more. 

OPEN SOURCE EMOJI GENERATOR (WEBSITE)
[https://emoji.fly.dev/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

EmojiGen is an AI open-source emoji generator. Type what you need and
download a PNG version ready to be used as an emoji. 

üéÅ 

MISCELLANEOUS

10 REASONS WHY UX MATURITY MATTERS (10 MINUTE READ)
[https://uxmag.com/articles/10-reasons-why-ux-maturity-matters?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Higher UX maturity increases customer satisfaction. Loyalty drives
higher ROI on digital products, enhances brand reputation, streamlines
the decision-making process, attracts and retains talent, increases
the time-to-market, improves collaboration, establishes a proactive
approach to problem-solving, and future-proofs the organization. 

NINE THINGS AUTOMATED ACCESSIBILITY TESTS CAN‚ÄôT TEST (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://daverupert.com/2023/10/nine-a11y-jobs-where-robots-suck/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Understanding where automated tests fall short is the first step for
planning your efforts to truly cover accessibility. Some of the jobs
that need to be handled by humans include focus states, autocomplete,
tap target areas, zoomed-in interfaces, animations, and overall
confusing UX. 

WHAT IS DESIGN OPERATIONS? (13 MINUTE READ)
[https://blog.uxtweak.com/what-is-design-operations/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

DesignOps lives in the intersection between creativity and
scalability. Design operations strategically coordinate people and
processes to improve design outcomes while providing the necessary
tools, techniques, and collaboration frameworks. 

‚ö° 

QUICK LINKS

DRAWING COMFORTING CHARACTERS THAT INSPIRE CREATIVITY (4 MINUTE READ)
[https://www.creativeboom.com/inspiration/katie-smith/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Katie Smith is a master at bringing unique and bold characters to
life. In this interview, she shares her process, how to find
inspiration, and why illustration is the perfect medium for
communicating joy and fun. 

BUILT TO REVEAL ITS PUREST FORM ‚Äì A GUITAR THAT HAS BEEN STREAMLINED
TO ITS ESSENCE (3 MINUTE READ)
[https://designwanted.com/cosmo-electric-guitar-streamlined-essence/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

Robin Stummvoll, an industrial designer and luthier, just released his
newest creation, a Cosmo electric guitar with an innovative, adaptable
pickup system. These magnetic pickups effortlessly attach to the
guitar's steel body, giving guitar players a whole universe of sonic
options as they position them how they prefer. 

BUILDING MOTION FOR THE WEB: RECIPES FOR DESIGN SUCCESS (13 MINUTE
READ)
[https://www.viget.com/articles/building-motion-for-the-web-process-toolkit/?utm_source=tldrdesign]

A practical guide to building sophisticated animations for the web and
overcoming three main challenges when doing so. 

 We help cutting edge companies hire world class technical talent
through our job listings. If you're hiring designers, CLICK HERE TO
LEARN MORE
[https://share.hsforms.com/1hmOFVmqOTrON_SRvaRqEbQee466?utm_source=tldr&utm_medium=newsletter].


If your company is interested in reaching an audience of design
professionals and decision makers, you may want to ADVERTISE WITH US
[https://share.hsforms.com/1OxvmrkcFS4qsxKpNXCi76wee466?utm_source=design&utm_medium=newsletter].


If you have any comments or feedback, just respond to this email! 

Thanks for reading, 
Jae Lee [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hellojaelee/], Matej Latin
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/matejlatin/] & Ralph Brinker
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/ralph-brinker/] 

If you don't want to receive future editions of TLDR Design,
please¬†click here to unsubscribe
[https://actions.tldrnewsletter.com/unsubscribe?ep=1&l=e1c4e253-3e90-11ed-9a32-0241b9615763&lc=041b1f18-96a1-11ed-ab18-513e97bed5fb&p=095da38a-6354-11ee-97ae-8dc876487f94&pt=campaign&pv=4&spa=1696507218&t=1696507661&s=d37026d52581a4b23f909c2c79aabfa145d186310e788745a02a786f866f6c45].